Version 3.6.0 of praw is outdated. Version 4.0.0 was released 1 day ago.
You can find the discussion thread for this book [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/5bvjdk/radiance_by_catherynne_m_valente_november/).
This looks amazing, the first book club book I'll be doing in awhile.
Such a weird book but it's good and has a lot of heart.
Just reading the first sentence reminds me of Rocky Horror Picture Show 
This is a book I have been wanting to read for ages.   I read a review on goodreads which said "you need to know Summerian myth before reading this".  That put me off a bit.

I'm reading Nevernight at the moment and hooked on that, but I may get into this for the group.
I picked up *The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making* in my library years ago and was completely enchanted-- but somehow I forgot to keep an eye on this author.  

I can't even express how excited I am to discover that there's more I can read from her!
>Aesthetically recalling A Trip to the Moon and House of Leaves...

Does this mean I need to read it in paper, or will ebook or even audiobook work?
Oh wow, well this is exciting. I just so happened to recently purchase this book after having read 4 of the Fairyland books. This'll be the first time I'm able to participate in the book club selection then. Can't wait. 
Oh, I've really enjoyed what I've read from Valente previously, so I'm definitely going to pick this up and give it a try.
Library had both audio and kindle version. I'll probably read it but any reviews of the audiobook?
As someone who is not a native English speaker the first pages really put me off , does anyone know if it is worth getting through the first pages, does it get clearer then?
My first book club. <3
My local library had two copies available. I'm hoping to pick up one tomorrow and participate in my first ever book club!!
radiance is the book for the month ? im reading thinking, fast and slow usually dont read two books at once. should i? 
I read it last winter. Fantastic book.

A must read if you've ever seen silent film-era sci-fi as well.
I'm about two thirds of the way through this book, and I'm really excited to see what other people have to say about it. So far I'm still at an ineloquent 'it's kind of weird but really good, you should read it' stage.
Where can I find book?
This sounds like something I would enjoy reading. Will look in my local bookstore tomorrow before heading to work :)
Just started reading this.
I'm only past welcome but it already has sucked me in. Looking forward to reading more.

Just requested it from the library.   They had four copies and all were in stock.

Should get it in a few days.  Hopefully that is enough time to finish the current read.
Cool, classy book!
Ohhh. I've been meaning to read this... How wonderful!
Picked it up from the library today! 

This is my first book club. I've been expanding my reading horizons lately, picking authors/genres at random. 
I read through the first 30 pages or so, and this is *definitely* different from anything I've ever read before. I'm excited, and looking forward to the AMA with the author!
That synopsis is something else. Gonna have to give this a read.
Still reading last months selection 😂
I Will pass on this one
Does anyone know what time the AMA will take place?
Thank you, this was the information I was looking For
I'd say if it's possible get them a gift card or something special from a local bookshop. Great way to support your local bookshop. 
I'll just share some gifts I'm giving:

For my dad, who doesn't read a lot, but enjoys a solid, no nonsense type of history or nonfiction book:  The Killer Angels, by Michael Shaara.  A great book about the Civil War.

For my sister who is a light, occasional reader.  She doesn't do serious literature,  but likes a slightly more serious "beach read": The Time-Traveler's Wife:  Sci-fi, romance.

For my brother-in-law who will read whatever genre if it's interesting, new, or just talked about:  The Sympathizer.  It's a recently released, critically acclaimed, funny, and unique story of a Vietnamese refugee/spy, post Vietnam war.  

For my mom who tends to read best-sellers and new stuff:  Commonwealth, by Ann Patchett.  Oprah book-club type, but very well-written, and academically well-regarded.  

For me: Upstream, by Mary Oliver.  If you love her poetry, this small book of essays will delight.
I would love any recommendations for an 11 yo boy, can read but wouldn't describe himself as enjoying it. I thought he might be board of simple stuff and might enjoy some young adult reading. Pretty mature, can handle adult discussion. Oldest of 4 brothers,   so has a lot of responsibility looking after them, but just started being interested in girls and perhaps is desiring some more independence. 

Thanks! 
I'm looking to get some recommendations on a book to get my mom! She reads pretty much anything, but I would say she enjoys mysteries, historical fiction, and horror the most. She's read and owns all of Stephen King's works, same with Agatha Christie. Any recommendations would be awesome!! 
If you're looking for gifts for book lovers that aren't necessarily books, I'd suggest checking out bookriot's [Book Fetish](http://bookriot.com/category/book-fetish/), it's all book-related gift ideas stuff...they have 233 editions of the list, some themed, etc.  You're sure to find something.
I'm looking for recommendations on books for my girlfriend (mid-20's). She's a very light reader so she doesn't have many books, but I know she recently read a book called skinny bitch and really enjoyed it. She also mentioned that she was going to look for a romantic novel the other day, but didn't find one. She'd probably enjoy anything with a good story though. When asked, she said "something with a good life lesson or something interesting, but not too out there" and I don't know how to dig any further without making it obvious that I'm looking into getting her books. Basically her tastes are all over the place so any suggestions would be very much appreciated.
I am looking for a recommendation for a book for my niece that is 8.  She isn't the best at reading yet, and her parents don't really help/encourage her to read either.  I'm looking for something that would be interesting for her and maybe help encourage her to read more.  I am struggling on where to begin to look as I was reading above my levels when I was that age.  Thanks r/books.
I am thinking of buying a book for my sister. She is Dutch (as am I) and her English is good compared to most teenagers her age (which is 15). I lent her my copy of Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy and Restaurant at the End of the World. She is now reading the Book Thief, and she told me that she can follow most of the plot, though she has to look up quite a few words. I want to give her something really really really good (I love her dearly), but I don't know what 15 year old girls like, but is actually **good**.

Edit: It would be great if she can improve her English by reading more.
My moms a 50 year old mexican Catholic

I'm having a hard time finding books in Spanish that aren't children's books. Any ideas?
Lots of great new books out there, but personally I'd really appreciate getting something from the Neil Gaiman Gift/Illustrated Editions like American Gods (9781472235411)
Books mentioned within the article:

- The Fifth Season (N.K. Jemisin)
- Binti (Nnedi Okorafor)
- Folding Beijing (Hao Jingfang)
- Death's End (Liu Cixin)
- Central Station (Lavie Tidhar)
- Sorcerer to the Crown (Zen Cho)
- Iraq + 100: Stories from a century after the invasion (Hassan Blasim, Khalid Kaki, Hassan Abdulrazzak, Ibrahim Al-Marashi, Zhraa Alhaboby, Ali Bader, Mortada Gzar, Jalal Hasan , Diaa Jubaili, Anoud, Ra Page)
- Azanian Bridges (Nick Wood)
- Too Like the Lightning (Ada Palmer)
- A Closed and Common Orbit (Becky Chambers)
- Ninefox Gambit (Yoon Ha Lee)
- The Gradual (Christopher Priest)
- The Race (Nina Allan)
- Arrival (Ted Chiang)(movie adaption was mentioned)
- The Thing Itself (Adam Roberts)(advertising mention?)
Why does the article focus so much on the authors? It talks more about them than the books. 
I just picked up The Fifth Season on impulse during the Kindle Black Friday sale.  Looking forward to reading it, just need to find the time
Surprised no love for Morning Star
Lots of really interesting sounding books there, some already on my list and some not. Exciting!
Jerusalem by Alan Moore. IMHO one of the best British books of the decade
> In 2016, SF and fantasy went global

No kidding. Escaping from reality was an urgent necessity this year.
My favorite SF book by far this year was We are Legion (We are Bob).  It's a great book about a guy who pays to get his head cryogenically frozen when he dies, then is awoken years later to control a probe that is meant to go out and replicate itself to populate the galaxy 
Is there like a modern day Asimov or Clarke? 

who are some of the top hardcore sci-fi writers of today?
I know he died 3 years ago, but Iain Banks remains my top sci-fi author.  Lol up his series of "culture novels" here:

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Culture_series

Enjoy!
Any recent really good High Fantasy books? I want something with the traditional Dwarves and Elves etc. I know it has been  out of favor for awhile, but certainly there must be some good ones recently. 
hello, i was about to go shopping and now i see this so i need to ask quickly...       
im a lotr and soiaf fan - any fantasy tips for me? im open for everything!
When did scifi become too long of a word? 
I just got Ninefox Gambit on audible yesterday and going to dig into it on a work trip today. Really looking forward to it. I'm definitely saving this article for more suggestions too.
This is great! I'm going to start working through this list. I literally just finished Axiomatic by Greg Egan and I loved it. I keep trying to tell coworkers about some of the stories and ideas presented in it and they're just not into it. 
Glad to see stuff other than "All the Birds in the Sky" on here.  That book was getting a lot of love, but I felt like it was trying way too hard to be grown-up Harry Potter.
This a nice list just what i need for spend the frozen night i got in france. I just need to finish the léviathan before buy this. Do you have a favorite in this list folks ? This is for make the better choice thanks you ;)
I know it's a lot to ask, but I would kill for a short description of each work on the list. I have no idea why digital articles omit things like this--you're not lacking for space. 
I absolutely loved **THE FIFTH SEASON** and its follow up **THE OBELISK GATE**. Highly recommend and can't wait for the 3rd book in the series.
I plan to make it onto this list in about 2 years. 
Anyone read Too Like the Lightning? Have heard good things.
This must be a fiscal year 2016.  I see no mention of the next book in the Expanse series, which is the sci-fi book I've been waiting for most this year.  [Babylon's Ashes](http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25877663-babylon-s-ashes)

EDIT: whoops, amazon link corrected
Thought Zero World should make that cut too
I have not read Death's End yet but I have read the first 2 books in the series, The Three Body Problem and The Dark Forest, and I highly recommend that series.
 Death’s End (Head of Zeus), the final volume of Liu Cixin’s Remembrance of Earth’s Past trilogy, was published in English (the first volume, The Three-Body Problem, won last year’s best novel Hugo), again translated by Ken Liu. Liu Cixin’s trilogy is SF in the grand style, a galaxy-spanning, ideas-rich narrative of invasion and war between humanity and the alien “Trisolarians”. 

Just about done this book,  it has been some of the best SF ive read,  all three books are great with the last one being the best.
Thanks I need some good SF. Ray Bradbury was my shit
Three years ago I thought The Winds of Winter would be on this list. 

Something, something, summer child...
Still no TWOW. WHERE YOU AT GEORGE!!???
I always pick up [the Year's Best SF](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction) edited by Dozois. 
Take that, Castalia House! 

Strongly suggest people check out Rise by Brian Guthrie. I think the only reason it wouldn't be at least in the Honorable mentions is that it's relatively unread this far 
Came here hoping for a book to help with my fantasy basketball team. 
Kind of disappointed to see Morning Star by Pierce Brown isn't on the list.
[removed]
Ugh. No thanks.

If all your book has to offer is ethnic diversity and non-standard sexuality to make it "different" science fiction I pass.
U/chafote

Desperate to find some sci fi to get into for somebody that only reads non fiction... something bill brysonesque? Something other than hitchhikers guide?
Newsweek Madam president
Holy fuck. "Sci-Fi" is already a reduction of "Science Fiction." But that was too much for everyone to handle? Might as fucking well contract "fantasy" to "fant" then. "Yo, check out this new fant novel I'm reading!"
Came here hoping for a book 
Saving for later.
SF? Can we just go back to shortening it to sci-fi? How much time are we really saving by cutting out the three letters? Come on.
You, know "Sci-Fi" is already an abbreviation you don't have to shorten it even more to obscure what you mean. SF stands for Street Fighter as far as I know. 
Like books about San Francisco and Fantasy books, or Fantasy Book about San Francisco?
Never heard of any of these, as the only Sci-Fi book that matters is *Dune*.
This title was confusing af

>Hunter S. Thompson's widow, Anita Thompson, plans to grow and sell new strains of marijuana based on the bud the late author and Rolling Stone contributor actually smoked, The Aspen Times reports. 
It looks like she's doing it right.
Title needs some goddamn punctuation
*Edit: I've started to re-order by author's last name, or book's title. But, y'know, I have other shit to do. If you feel like taking on the rest, go for it, just post your comment when you begin so we don't double efforts.*

Band of Brothers by Stephen Ambrose  
Pride & Prejudice by Jane Austen  
Roman Honor by Carlin Barton  
The Bible  
The Boy Scout Handbook (1st Edition)  
How to Win Friends and Influence People by Dale Carnegie  
The Long Goodbye by Raymond Chandler  
The Brothers Karamazov by Fyodor Dostoevsky  
The Count of Monte Cristo by Alexander Dumas  
Self-Reliance & Other Essays by Ralph Waldo Emerson  
The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald  
The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin  
The Lord of the Flies by William Golding  
King Solomon’s Mines by H. Rider Haggard  
The Maltese Falcon by Dashiell Hammett  
Catch-22 by Joseph Heller  
The Sun Also Rises by Ernest Hemingway  
For Whom the Bell Tolls by Ernest Hemingway  
The Histories by Herodotus  
The Iliad & The Odyssey by Homer  
Brave New World by Aldous Huxley  
From Here to Eternity by James Jones  
The Thin Red Line by James Jones  
On the Road by Jack Kerouac  
The Dharma Bums by Jack Kerouac  
Into Thin Air by Jon Krakauer  
To Kill A Mockingbird by Harper Lee  
The Call of the Wild by Jack London  
The Prince by Niccolo Machiavelli  
After Virtue by Alasdair MacIntyre  
A River Runs Through It by Norman Maclean  
Lonesome Dove by Larry McMurtry  
Theodore Roosevelt Trilogy by Edmund Morris  
1984 by George Orwell 
Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance by Robert Pirsig   
The Republic by Plato  
Lives by Plutarch  
Atlas Shrugged by Ayn Rand  
All Quiet on the Western Front by Erich Maria Remarque  
The Killer Angels by Michael Shaara  
The Wealth of Nations by Adam Smith  
Walden by Henry David Thoreau  
The Art of War by Sun Tzu  
Slaughterhouse-Five by Kurt Vonnegut  
Swiss Family Robinson by Johann David Wyss  
The Autobiography of Malcolm X  
Ulysses by James Joyce  
The Master and Margarita by Mikhail Bulgakov  
The Road by Cormac McCarthy  
Steppenwolf by Herman Hesse  
The Book of Deeds of Arms and Chivalry by Christine de Pizan  
Don Quixote by Miguel de Cervantes  
Invisible Man by Ralph Ellison  
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain  
Leviathan by Thomas Hobbes  
Nicomachean Ethics by Aristotle  
Cyrano de Bergerac by Edmond Rostand  
The Last Lion Trilogy by William Manchester  
The Naked and the Dead by Norman Mailer  
This Boy’s Life by Tobias Wolff  
Hatchet by Gary Paulsen  
Resilience by Eric Greitens  
Tarzan of the Apes by Edgar Rice Burroughs  
Thus Spoke Zarathustra by Friedrich Nietzsche  
The Federalist Papers  
The Godfather by Mario Puzo  
Moby Dick by Herman Melville  
Frankenstein by Mary Shelley  
Hamlet by William Shakespeare  
A Tale of Two Cities by Charles Dickens  
Revolutionary Road by Richard Yates  
The Divine Comedy by Dante Alighieri  
The Boys of Summer by Roger Kahn  
A Separate Peace by John Knowles  
The Stranger by Albert Camus  
Robinson Crusoe by Daniel Defoe  
The 7 Habits of Highly Successful People by Stephen Covey  
Cannery Row by John Steinbeck  
Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson  
A Confederacy of Dunces by John Kennedy Toole  
Native Son by Richard Wright  
The Great Railway Bazaar by Paul Theroux  
The Last of the Mohicans by James Fenimore Cooper  
The Grapes of Wrath by John Steinbeck  
Education of a Wandering Man by Louis L’Amour  
Les Miserables by Victor Hugo  
Man’s Search for Meaning by Viktor Frankl  
The Outsiders by S. E. Hinton  
One Hundred Years of Solitude by Gabriel Garcia Marquez  
Gates of Fire by Stephen Pressfield  
Paradise Lost by John Milton  
Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury  
Oil! by Upton Sinclair  
Fear and Trembling by Soren Kierkegaard  
The Code of Man by Waller Newell  
Heart of Darkness by Joseph Conrad  
Meditations by Marcus Aurelius  
The Hobbit & The Lord of the Rings by J.R.R. Tolkien  
With the Old Breed by Eugene Sledge  
Self-Control: Its Kingship and Majesty by William George Jordan
I see a lot of mixed opinions on here but one thing nobody is calling out is the first edition scout handbook. I'm not sure why you'd read that over a current scout handbook as I'm sure anything still worth teaching is still in the current edition as well as many new modern tricks and philosophies on scouting.
Sharing an Art of Manliness blog post on Reddit and /r/books of all places. This should go well. 
I followed Art of Manliness for a short time. It's mainly "here's some shit you need to buy" in almost every post. And most of what they're selling is hipster crap. I think when they posted the best beard wax I quit following.
There are a lot of head-scratchers on this list...
Well, zen and the art of motorcycle maintenance was on the list, so ok.

manly lesson from that one was the beer can shim.
I see a lot of folk dismissing the AoM as some insecure shill of a blog, but I've read a lot of quality articles on that site that have improved my relationships and have made me a more thoughtful, courageous person. They have one of the best articles on how to politely resolve disagreements with a partner I've ever read:

http://www.artofmanliness.com/2014/09/17/the-10-commandments-of-clean-communication/

AoM does fetishize the past a touch - but it does not do so slavishly. There's a difference between believe the past has something to teach us and seeing the past as idyllic.
Lot of good books males should read, but the fact they made it ONE HUNDRED long and just added generic “well known good books” to fill out the list really took away from it.
I'm surprised Fight Club isn't there.
I have read quite a few of those, including *The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin*.
Silly list.  Who outside of academic circules would read Wealth of Nations instead of a modern introduction to economics?  It would be like reading a pamphlet by Jenner to learn about communicable disease.  
I must be pretty manly woman then. :D
Wealth of Nations? The Bible? The Great Gatsby? Atlas Shrugged? Ulysses? For every good book, there's a very questionable book on the list. A lot of people have probably read a lot of these anyway, since it seems to be a list of classics and high school/college reading. Not that that's a bad thing, but why not try to find some things that stand out from the normal bunch a bit?

Also, how manly can this list be? I'm like the least manly guy I know, and I've probably read over half of these. There is a lot of good stuff here, though, so some of it is definitely worth looking at.

One final thought: maybe they should have put a couple sentences on each book about WHY it's on the list, rather than just a quick summary of the book. We can all read the Amazon description or the book jacket.
I don't necessarily disagree with writing lists, but I feel like this one is perhaps a bit pointless. There are definitely some good books on there, but I just don't understand how you come up with a list of this size. What qualifies a book apart from it being a decent read? I understand the website is aimed at men, so really it had to be a list of books men should read in some way. But how and why were those books chosen?

Anyway, I agree with some of the selections. I do think for example that every man should read some Ernest Hemingway, as a lot of his books are about masculinity. But really, a lot of books mentioned should be read by everybody - not just men. 

As somebody else pointed out though, most of these books were written by men. While they give a man's point of view, surely to be a rounded person you need to also read books by the opposite sex as well? (But it'd be hard for the list writer to do so if they haven't read many books by women...)

I'd be interested to see a similar list aimed at women as it might interest me more?
So, just a bunch of classics and some choice picks that *could* be considered manly?

That's original. 

Good to see blogs keeping up content. 
Did Buzzfeed buy them out?
While it's true that AoM has a definite slant to it, I've been a subscriber for a long time and they usually have good columns and lists.

This is one of the better "essential book" lists I've read.
I used to follow AoM quite a bit about 5-6 years ago when they were smaller. It got me into shaving with a safety razor instead of buying $10+ cartridges, I'd never go back. 

There are some great articles about manly attitudes and different ways of handling things that a lot of guys may not ever know about otherwise.

However a lot of it seems like they're trying to create this stereotypical 1950's man who listens to old music and only uses vintage stuff because a website tells them that's what *real* men do.
It's disheartening that most people on this thread are discrediting the value of reading these books because of the website that facilitated the list. The breadth of the subject matter covered by the list has the potential to spark a person's interest into delving deeper into many different subjects - history, philosophy, economics, English literature, and so on. Surely this is a valuable pursuit. Additionally, many of the moral, ideological, and political doctrines in the books are diverse and often in conflict with one another. Ayn Rand and Alasdair MacIntyre are on the same list, for goodness sake.

This is a subreddit devoted to reading in case anybody has forgotten that. 
I've collected this into a [list challenge](http://www.listchallenges.com/art-of-manliness-100-books-every-man-should) if anyone is interested

And of course if anyone connected with the article would like it taken down I guess I can do that
I would love it if more men would read Eat, Pray, Love instead of not reading it but joking about it nonetheless. Maybe this is just a problem in my very lit-snobby millennial social group? I don't know. It's a damn good travel narrative and really entertaining.
These sort of lists are a bit silly, but it is fun to play along.

I always shake my head when I see "Ulysses" by James Joyce included in them.

In this instance no "man" has ever read that book...because anyone who is a "man" according to that website is most likely going to come to their senses and give up on Ulysses after 10 hours of reading (or 5 pages) whichever comes first.
All that war and no "The Things They Carried"?
I'm manly enough at 14 of the books already finished. Got mah beard, work in a wood shop, smell like cedar and sweat, drink whiskey and fuck butts, manly af
An ad blocked the list and allowed no way around it. 
To save you a click: Your high school reading list minus Alice Walker and the Brontes.
I hate stuff like this. There's no barrier to entry to be a 'real man/woman' (bracing myself for some edgy responses). All the prerequisites for 'manliness' seem to boil down to embarrassing gentleman stereotypes.
I hate lists like this. X things only real men do. How about real men do whatever the hell they want and don't have to adhere to your incredibly narrow standards by reading the 100 books you selected because of reasons.
A Confederacy of Dunces by John Kennedy Toole 

This is the funniest book I've ever read, not sure if it should be on the manliness blog. 
I read " A Confederacy of Dunces" and found in Ignatius Reilly my literary doppleganger, it's a little bit disturbing to find yourself mirrored in a book, but i still think it's a must read for all basement dwelling neck beards out there.
It's like he grabbed all the top cliche books that everyone should read in their life and made an article out of it.

People....you should read books that excite YOU.  That make you want to read more.  That make YOU want to learn and grow.  Not some list that some guy says you have to read or else you "aren't a man".  

What a bunch of bullshit.
Sidhartha really needs to be on this list, it's an amazing book for finding spirituality and inner peace
I known it'll be unpopular, but I think this is a decent list. I will never read them all, but I've read probably 40 of them already. And each have had an impact on view of the world. 


really? this should be called "the books you read in highschool". as a vehement fan of brave new world, the blurb included in this list isn't even accurate. to think that bernard marx is the main focus of the novel is foolish. the power of the novel comes from the introduction, and narrative, of John the Savage. a small nitpick i know, but to me it indicates that this list is just somebody trying to make themselves seem more intelligent by listing books they think that smart people read. 
Gave up after Atlas Shrugged popped up. Garbage philosophy. Garbage author. Garbage book.
One thing I'm noticing is a serious lack of literature by female authors. 

Yes, there are a few up there (Ayn Rand, Jane Austen, etc). I also understand that many of the "classics" are written by men, and that this is a list is for men, but still. There are plenty of award winning books that touch of the subject of masculinity in some form that are written by women. 
A weird wide range of genres and titles.

Seems like a decent list, don't know about the theme, but there are certainly some acclaimed novels. 

Might be of use for the future, considering the self-reliance titles. 
Berserk should be on this list. 
Biggest thing for me about the list was the lack of modernity and also the lack of women. 
You made a list of 100 books men should read why are only 3 of them written by women? Like no Flannery O'Connor at all even though she was one of the most prolific short story writers of her time. 
not a single Bukowski?
The biggest problem with The Wealth of Nations (and Theory of Moral Sentiments) is that the prose is pretty impenetrable. It's a hard, hard slog to get through some of those paragraph-long sentences and figure out what Smith was trying to say. Somebody needs to write an MEV.
Regardless of how you feel about the site itself, this is a pretty good list of books for either gender.
Almost all of this is on youtube, just created a list for the ones that interest me (non fiction). Note that this list is kind of bs, not a single science book?

Top 2 should be this:

The great courses : The Joy of Science (a must listen for all of humanity).
The great courses: The origin of life 
I only see one problem in this list. A lot of it seems to be intended as "models of superb people" that the reader can learn to, in some way emulate. As a teacher, I love that. Models are a great way to learn many things, and every person reading this can probably say exactly how their parents actions shaped the person they are today. This issue, to me, is that many of these works model poor humans as exemplars or, even worse, make behaviors abstract, dehumanized, and difficult to understand. Without a lot of help, many of these books are effectively unreadable (at least in terms of reading for deep comprehension and personal growth) for the average man.
Lost me at Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance. Tried reading it, it's a pretentious and outdated piece of shit.
What does being a man have to do with it? And 100 is a lot... Or is it? Heck, one romance series can be 20+.. Damn, I wonder how many books I've read.

On-Topic: Read Dune. /thread
My wife is a huge book person. She bought me all but about 8 of these after I showed her this list.
1984 George Orwell

A Confederacy of Dunces John Kennedy Toole

A River Runs Through It Norman Maclean

A Separate Peace John Knowles

A Tale of Two Cities Charles Dickens

After Virtue Alasdair MacIntyre

All Quiet on the Western Front Erich Maria Remarque

Atlas Shrugged Ayn Rand

Band of Brothers Stephen Ambrose

Brave New World Aldous Huxley

Cannery Row John Steinbeck

Catch-22 Joseph Heller

Cyrano de Bergerac Edmond Rostand

Don Quixote Miguel de Cervantes

Education of a Wandering Man Louis L’Amour

Fahrenheit 451 Ray Bradbury

Fear and Trembling Soren Kierkegaard

For Whom the Bell Tolls Ernest Hemingway

Frankenstein Mary Shelley

From Here to Eternity James Jones

Gates of Fire Stephen Pressfield

Hamlet William Shakespeare

Hatchet Gary Paulsen

Heart of Darkness Joseph Conrad

How to Win Friends and Influence People Dale Carnegie

Into Thin Air Jon Krakauer

Invisible Man Ralph Ellison

King Solomon’s Mines H. Rider Haggard

Les Miserables Victor Hugo

Leviathan Thomas Hobbes

Lives Plutarch

Lonesome Dove Larry McMurtry

Man’s Search for Meaning Viktor Frankl

Meditations Marcus Aurelius

Moby Dick Herman Melville

Native Son Richard Wright

Nicomachean Ethics Aristotle

Oil! Upton Sinclair

On the Road Jack Kerouac

One Hundred Years of Solitude Gabriel Garcia Marquez

Paradise Lost John Milton

Pride & Prejudice Jane Austen

Resilience Eric Greitens

Revolutionary Road Richard Yates

Robinson Crusoe Daniel Defoe

Roman Honor Carlin Barton

Self-Control: Its Kingship and Majesty William George Jordan

Self-Reliance & Other Essays Ralph Waldo Emerson

Slaughterhouse-Five Kurt Vonnegut

Steppenwolf Herman Hesse

Swiss Family Robinson Johann David Wyss

Tarzan of the Apes Edgar Rice Burroughs

The 7 Habits of Highly Successful People Stephen Covey

The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn Mark Twain

The Art of War Sun Tzu

The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin

The Autobiography of Malcolm X

The Bible

The Book of Deeds of Arms and Chivalry Christine de Pizan

The Boy Scout Handbook (1st Edition)

The Boys of Summer Roger Kahn

The Brothers Karamazov Fyodor Dostoevsky

The Call of the Wild Jack London

The Code of Man Waller Newell

The Count of Monte Cristo Alexander Dumas

The Dharma Bums Jack Kerouac

The Divine Comedy Dante Alighieri

The Federalist Papers

The Godfather Mario Puzo

The Grapes of Wrath John Steinbeck

The Great Gatsby F. Scott Fitzgerald

The Great Railway Bazaar Paul Theroux

The Histories Herodotus

The Hobbit & The Lord of the Rings J.R.R. Tolkien

The Iliad & The Odyssey Homer

The Killer Angels Michael Shaara

The Last Lion Trilogy William Manchester

The Last of the Mohicans James Fenimore Cooper

The Long Goodbye Raymond Chandler

The Lord of the Flies William Golding

The Maltese Falcon Dashiell Hammett

The Master and Margarita Mikhail Bulgakov

The Naked and the Dead Norman Mailer

The Outsiders S. E. Hinton

The Prince Niccolo Machiavelli

The Republic Plato

The Road Cormac McCarthy

The Stranger Albert Camus

The Sun Also Rises Ernest Hemingway

The Thin Red Line James Jones

The Wealth of Nations Adam Smith

Theodore Roosevelt Trilogy Edmund Morris

This Boy’s Life Tobias Wolff

Thus Spoke Zarathustra Friedrich Nietzsche

To Kill A Mockingbird Harper Lee

Treasure Island Robert Louis Stevenson

Ulysses James Joyce

Walden Henry David Thoreau

With the Old Breed Eugene Sledge

Zen and The Art of Motorcycle Maintenance Robert Pirsig
How is there no Bukowski on this list?
I would say don't start with a list. If you can even read one hundred books of your choosing that's an accomplishment in and of itself. Try one you are curious about, if you don't like it,  try another. 
No man (or woman) should read Stephen Ambrose. The man was a hack. 
Most of these are just basic literature that everyone should read though 

I don't understand how these pertain specifically to men 


These are all books I'd like to read but don't have the eyesight. 
I'm 27/100. I have seen most of the film versions (I know that doesn't count. I have three children, a wife,  a home and a dog and a career. Can I still carry my "Man" card?
I'm going to close my eyes and pick a book from this list to read over winter break.

Lands on The Bible

Fuck. 
Great picks.
Stunned to see A. MacIntyre's "After Virtue" on this list. I can't imagine a non-philosopher jumping into that text and making sense of it without some introductory material to make sense of what MacIntyre is arguing. A worthy worthy read, but probably not accessible in any meaningful way without reading some of the texts it is engaging. 
http://lithub.com/80-books-no-woman-should-read/

Why does this need to specify that men should read these books? Couldn't both genders benefit from understanding all these texts?
Great list.  Thank you for making a list and not some bullshit slide show where each book is on one page filled with ads. 
Moby Dick
This is dope!
Thanks for posting. 
Post first had me thinking "I wonder what makes these specifically books the blogger thinks men should read?"

Several focus on war, economics, morals/ethics; nature/survival make an appearance; friendship is in there; couple of tear-jerkers, too. Not a lot of romance and too little sci-fi and humor IMO. Of note, White and Western male authors are heavily represented (95/100 books are solely written by men, for what it's worth). 

Read about a quarter of these, read another chunk in excerpts or something else by the author. Some of my favorite books and writers are here! 

Gatsby is in my top 10, as are A Confederacy of Dunces, Man's Search for Meaning, and A HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE(!). The Stranger, Slaughterhouse Five, and Cyrano de Bergerac are great.  Steinbeck, Vonnegut, Twain, Marquez, Kerouac, Tolkien, Wright, Krakauer, Dostoevsky, Austen, Hesse, and Bradbury are all solid and anything by them has been worth the read. 

Not sure I want to wade through more of these historical/classic/philosophical books personally and for my taste a solid summary often works. 
No Graham Greene?  Immediate disqualification.
The Bible? Give me a fucking break...
Does it... make me a bad female that I've read a great deal of these?
Fantastic list. High quality but also enjoyable books.


I disagree of course with some picks but the only way to agree 100% with a top 100 list is to write it yourself.
Well I'm in the mood for some downvotes because it's my birthday.  So here goes.  If you make a list and call it "lots of great books for men" and you put generically good or important books on there that aren't about manliness, you imply that they are for men for other reasons... I.e. women are too dumb to understand, men need to know this stuff because we have the more important role to play, etc.  You're saying "good and awesome things are for men."  In other words, good old sexism, similar to 60s-70s vintage sexism, where the male birthright of the primary sex was slightly less assumed and a little more something you had to actively assert.  So here we are with a sexist list.  Alright. If I say it is sexist on Reddit I will get massively downvoted for being PC, an SJW, or a FEMINIST which is poison on Reddit on any sub except the for-women subs like 2x or feminisms.  you might as well confess to being a child molester.  If it was a list of books for women and there were generic "good books" on there it wouldn't make front page, but guarantee someone would say "these books would be fine for men too".  Or even go as far as "actually I think some of these books are more suited for men" followed by a disclaimer that the person writing is not sexist but blah blah complicated reasoning.  Basically, as a father of a daughter, I am just fucking sick of it all.  It's like a fucking impenetrable wall of blind privilege and utter irrational denial.  And I guarantee I will get dozens of responses to even this comment about how this list is not really sexist and I should shut my hole.  My daughter is 5 and she's reading at a 3rd grade level and God dammit, these books are books I want to see her reading when she's in college.  These books are not for men any more than good food is for men, breathing air is for men, or comfortable beds are for men.
This list is fucking moronic. None of the books are inherently bad, it's just a greatest hits of books plus a couple that were made into timeless movies.


This is a list a college freshman would put together.



Shogun should be there. 
For some reason the idea of trying to be a man is cringey to me. Why does it matter if I'm "manly". Can't I just be myself?
I have no interest in doing something when the primary reason for doing it is "because it's manly" or it will "make you more of a man." Kiss my ass, chopping wood doesn't make me manly if I live in a city. You know what's manly? Taking care of your responsibilities and that's all.
Education of a Wandering Man is the book that taught me that I needed to be reading.  It didn't matter what the book was about, or who wrote it, it could teach me something.  
I'm pleased to see *Pride and Prejudice* on here. (What are men to rocks and mountains, etc.)
It seems like this list contains 30% interesting fiction, 40% semi-reasonable to read thought provoking books, and another 30% of it is pseudo-intellectual dismissive bullshit that tends to have a libertarian lean. 

I would recommend about 50% of those books, none of which are from the last category. 
[removed]
100 Books Every *White Upper-Middle-Class American* Man Should Read *If They Want to Fit In With the Bros Who Drink Red Bull And Vodka But Think They're Really Interesting*.

That's a better title.

Was this the same site that had a list of albums every man should read that was basically Rolling Stones top list but only every 4th album chosen?
I'm so wearily tired of all this 'do these things to be a man' as if my masculinity should be questioned because my book shelves don't hold the proper collection of poorly constructed sentences.

There are some decent book choices on this list, but to suggest that any one of them (or even all of them together) makes one a better 'man' is absurdity at its best. 


Can we just break this list down to what it really is?

If you're an adventurous spirit read these books...

If you enjoy contemplating the nature of humanity read these books...

If you enjoy reading about folks who have come before you to see how they handled the challenges of life read these books...

If you want to have deep tidbits of conversational prose to throw around at swanky but ultimately shallow parties read these books...
I wonder if the comments would be so vitriolic if this were a list from Oprah's Book Club that "every woman should read". The idea that a website catering to men is somehow shallow and unworthy of criticism is backwards thinking at its best! The irony of small- mindedness weighs heavy: if this article is reinforcing stereotypes then offer evidence. 

So far the only legit criticism I've seen is that you can't view it with ad block on. 
I cannot think of anything less manly than looking up instructions on how to be manly.
tl;dr: made own list for funsies

I agree with the general concept that this list is crap: good books are good, and everyone should read them; everyone should read what they like without feeling like they have to be judged for it; reading anything at all is psychologically more beneficial than reading nothing, regardless of the intrinsic value of the material. And so forth.

However, sometimes a rubric is fun to indulge as a thinking exercise and the part of me that likes to play pretend wants to go along with what the article is trying to do. They say that it's just basically for rounding out the reader's general character - an admirable goal, but sort of off-brand for a "men's ~~advertising portal~~ blog".

Honestly, pointing out 100 books for a reader to sift through is like lazily gesturing at the Classics section of the library and saying "there ya go, glad we could help." Anyone who goes through the first ten or so will probably realize he can guess most of what's on the list based on required reading from literature courses. It would be much harder, and prompt more discussion, to try to narrow it down to ten (or fewer!) books that men (or anybody, really) should incorporate into their brain space.

So I'mma do dat. For funsies.

No particular order (or value) to this list, I'm just going to list the books that I felt influenced my character the most and would most likely positively impact other readers:

1.) Socratic dialogues of Plato (any collection) - teaches one to think simply yet critically, and not to take life too seriously

2.) *Meditations* by Marcus Aurelius - for when life inevitably gets too serious to laugh off

3.) *Beyond Good and Evil* by Nietzsche - hard-mode challenges to fundamental beliefs previously taken for granted

4.) *Macbeth*, *Twelfth Night*, or *Much Ado bout Nothing* by Shakespeare, dealer's choice - No, really, Shakey's popular for a reason, he's funny, touching, and brilliant and is more accessible than your high school English teacher made him out to be

5.) *The Rise of Theodore Roosevelt* by Edmund Morris - a riveting biography about the early life of the most American president who ever lived, documenting the times he spent as Batman, Wolverine, and John Wayne (read the book if you think I'm joking)

6.) *Inferno* by Dante - you can't not read it, but you can skip the sequels

7.) *Candide* by Voltaire - if Plato didn't work for you, perhaps a rollicking adventure tale will help to teach critical thinking and not taking life too seriously

8.) *Neurosis and Human Growth* by Karen Horney - if you think you're a special snowflake who no one understands, this book will kick the emo right out of you

9.) *The Flowers of Evil* by Baudelaire - a beautiful look at the sometimes ugly side of life and the virtue of vices

10.) *Droll Stories* by Balzac - something in this list had to be fun

I'm sure I'd give a slightly different list tomorrow, but these books have all helped shape my ethics and my general attitudes. You can call bullshit on any one you like (a list of only ten is hard) but I feel like there's value in these that anyone in any station of life can take from them.
I was hoping this would be a bunch of feminist texts, or at least some written by women and POC, which might help men reflect on some things and y'know be better men. Instead it's basically capitalist patriarchy's greatest hits. 
So basically the "canon" of white male literature.. there is nothing enticing here, this list is not impressive... this is so elitist and limiting, I'm so tired of bs like this.
While I do believe plenty of the choices on the list are great reads, I can't help but notice some sort of projection it has on being a "man." This may either be good or bad, but in this case, it does feel a bit dated. 

One does not need to be a "rugged individual" to achieve "manliness." Perhaps, this list is more appropriate for junior/senior in high school or freshman in college, with some more "feminine" literature (less the compiler of this list is trying to compensate for something). Personally, I would throw in Red Azalea and The Bluest Eyes. We don't live in a vacuum and trying to understand others is always a good thing. That being said, the narrative of being a better "man" is rather limiting, but so long as people are reading more -- I guess. 

I also question the intellectual stimulation this list is suppose to have if any. You can't recommend "Atlas Shrugged" and "Wealth of Nations" without stepping into some sort of echo chamber. We already have enough armchairs in this world. Why doesn't the list recommended something like Karl Marx's "Communist Manifesto" or something more controversial like "Mein Kemphf[misspelling]"? It sees no problem with recommending "The Art of War" or some book on how to be a "better man" -- I mean, it explicitly recommended the 1st edition of the boys scouts manual despite it being severely dated ( to demonstrate, it is incredibly anti-masturbatory and veiled thinly by their brand of Christianity), which makes me seriously question the articles ulterior motives-- and there are far too many books on "self" which to me, comes off as very narcissist. 

Honestly, most of these books sound like a high school reading list, which there isn't anything wrong with that, but just because I have a set of testicles between my legs, shouldn't mean I should be recommended to read these books *over other* better and more stimulating content. 




No Faulkner?  This list is complete shit. 
Good List
these books are for men *only*! women stand back!
AoM is always such a treat.
Very right leaning recommendations.  Rubbish
This new obsession with reviving some antiquated definition of "manliness", beards, and pretending to be a lumberjack is pretty cringeworthy. Also, there should be, like, at least 20 more female authors on that list. 
Why doesn't Don Delillo end up on these lists?  White noise was and incredibly manly book and so is Underworld.  Also Buckminster Fuller's Critical Path is extremely manly.  
Thanks 
Ooh, look at the nice round number, it's like ten sets of ten books.  I've read quite a few of these. I would throw in Brief Interviews with Hideous Men.  Good book for being a Woke-AF-Dude.
Is that blog the result of this question 3 days ago?
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskMen/comments/5ezd8e/what_books_every_man_should_read/
Everybody should read the Autobiography of Malcolm X.

Malcolm X was literally two different people.  There was the Malcolm that was a racist/terrorist (by any means necessary), and the Malcolm that was enlightened about the faults of his life.

Far too often the people in society only know about the first Malcolm, but the second (after his pilgrimage) was the person they need to be emulating.  
Good link, thanks
100 books the blog owner would like an amazon referral commission for. 
Is there a list that anybody can recommend that would make me more of a well rounded individual?
I feel like Crime and Punishment is way more of a 'Manly' book than Brothers Karamasov. The latter is concerned with more universal philosophies while the former is literally a critique of the 'Ubermeinsch' mindset. Shame on you art of manliness. 
I guess it's time to read.
Upvote for The Sun Also Rises 
I can't read 100 books
Ham on Rye-Charles Bukowski


I imagine some poor schlub reading the list, saying to himself, "Oh yeah! *Les Mis!* I liked that movie!" and start reading *Les Miserables.* There's not one man in a million who can make it through that digression hell. Though that one man will be satisfied.

Edit: Tried reading *Les Miserables* but didn't make it.
terrific
Neal Stephenson's Cryptonomicon should be on this list. 
Comment to remember
Seems mostly like a list of classic books.  Not that there's anything wrong with it, but I would expect more wilderness/pioneer tales, and maybe something like Steve Rinella's *Meat Eater: Adventures from the Life of an American Hunter* for example based on the title of this post.
Fuck walden i will never not hate that book
Beside the point but when the blog first began I couldn't tell if it was sincere or satire. I listened to the podcast for a while too but then every episode seemed to be about being in the military. While that's fine, it just wasn't what I wanted to waste time on. 
Any WW2 book by Stephen Ambrose (band of brothers) is amazing, he can make even the most mundane aspect of history intriguing.  
The Road is a great book and all, but I think if the focus of the list is on building character and independence, any of the Border Trilogy books would be more applicable.  Or better yet, all three.  
Arnold Schwarzenegger's New Encyclopedia of Modern Bodybuilding should be included too
Leaving out The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams seems to be a glaring omission.
No Dune, no Ender's Game, the inclusion of Moby Dick. Not the most inspiring list to follow. 
I've read about 1/3 of the list and most are decent, some not so great. I never understood the live for Moby Dick however.
Sweet. I've already knocked of 16 from this list. Good to know!
Ayn Rand though? I don't know about that
Don't think iron jon is on the list. Best book I have ever read, every man must read this book. 
I would add one to your list Brett McKay. Watership Down.  

-Glenn Sprinkle
no *Pugilist at Rest* by Thom Jones? 0/10. highschool list is highschool
If I could add one, I would definitely recommend 7 Pillars of Wisdom by T.E Lawrence.
Stranger in a strange land needs to be on this list. 
I think it's missing some Debretts. Maybe the English Gentleman series?
so they just copied the high school summer reading list then? cool, i guess

a few of those books are good, most of them are nothing special 
T. E. Lawrence, *Seven Pillars of Wisdom*.
Notably missing is Frederick Douglas's autobiography. I think I learned more about what it means to be a man from that book than from any other source.
To sum it up, pretty much every book the author of this list had to read throughout his liberal arts education.   
And to top it off they omitted Siddhartha by Herman Hesse and put Steppenwolf on the list instead (guessing he really liked 'Magic Carpet Ride')
Not all of these, but maybe half or so, seem like assignments. I figured it would be a list of books that men would _enjoy_ reading, since it seems men do not read in the numbers that women do, rather than for educational purposes. In that regard, I'm not sure what makes the list exclusive to men, i.e., women can also benefit from acquiring "manly" virtues, if that's the point.

As far as books that men would _enjoy_reading, I'd be interested in seeing that list. I would include on it anything by Stephen King, the James Bond novels, anything by Donald E. Westlake (or his many pseudonyms), the Jack Reacher series, and Robert E. Howard's original short stories.
This list is oriented towards the classics, and I'm not sure why men should read them. I can, however, think of several books that should be on  a list for men:

 A book of five rings; The power of One; The four feathers; Ivanhoe; Profiles in courage; True grit.


I have had that page bookmarked for last four years, but it looks like they just updated the list today.
No Jim Harrison?  Bull.shit.
I swear to fucking god the jungle better be on this list 
since Pride and Prejudice apparently belongs on that list, I really fail to see what would *not* belong on that list
Surprised Ham on Rye by Charles Bukowski isn't on the list.
And I read 2 of those, the Godfather and Band of Brothers. I'm putting a few of them on my to read list!
Where is The Alphabet of Manliness on the list?
For the Count of Monte Cristo-Which English translation should I read?
No G.K. Chesterton, your list is invalid.
Take out 'The Wealth of Nations' and put in 'The Catcher and the Rye'
Ayn Rand, but no Jonathan Swift.  Fail.
I hate these lists because it inevitably just devolves into, "here is a list of classics you should read and also a lot of books that have been deemed historically important but that most people don't read unless assigned them in school."

There's a reason people don't pick up "Wealth of Nations" to read, not because it's not important or influential, but because I'm not reading that dense shit when a lot of us have to put up with dense or boring stuff at least 8 hours a day.
By a quick scroll I think it's a nice list. If you need a gendered reading recommendation, go for it. As a girl I've read lots of these. Good books are good books. 
List of all 100 novels alphabetically by title:

0:"1984 by George Orwell"

1:"A Confederacy of Dunces by John Kennedy Toole"

2:"A River Runs Through It by Norman Maclean"

3:"A Separate Peace by John Knowles"

4:"A Tale of Two Cities by Charles Dickens"

5:"After Virtue by Alasdair MacIntyre"

6:"All Quiet on the Western Front by Erich Maria Remarque "

7:"Atlas Shrugged by Ayn Rand"

8:"Band of Brothers by Stephen Ambrose"

9:"Brave New World by Aldous Huxley"

10:"Cannery Row by John Steinbeck"

11:"Catch-22 by Joseph Heller"

12:"Cyrano de Bergerac by Edmond Rostand"

13:"Don Quixote by Miguel de Cervantes"

14:"Education of a Wandering Man by Louis L’Amour"

15:"Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury"

16:"Fear and Trembling by Soren Kierkegaard"

17:"For Whom the Bell Tolls by Ernest Hemingway"

18:"Frankenstein by Mary Shelley"

19:"From Here to Eternity by James Jones"

20:"Gates of Fire by Stephen Pressfield"

21:"Hamlet by William Shakespeare"

22:"Hatchet by Gary Paulsen"

23:"Heart of Darkness by Joseph Conrad"

24:"How to Win Friends and Influence People by Dale Carnegie"

25:"Into Thin Air by Jon Krakauer"

26:"Invisible Man by Ralph Ellison"

27:"King Solomon’s Mines by H. Rider Haggard"

28:"Les Miserables by Victor Hugo"

29:"Leviathan by Thomas Hobbes"

30:"Lives by Plutarch"

31:"Lonesome Dove by Larry McMurtry"

32:"Man’s Search for Meaning by Viktor Frankl"

33:"Meditations by Marcus Aurelius"

34:"Moby Dick by Herman Melville"

35:"Native Son by Richard Wright"

36:"Nicomachean Ethics by Aristotle"

37:"Oil! by Upton Sinclair"

38:"On the Road by Jack Kerouac"

39:"One Hundred Years of Solitude by Gabriel Garcia Marquez"

40:"Paradise Lost by John Milton"

41:"Pride & Prejudice by Jane Austen"

42:"Resilience by Eric Greitens "

43:"Revolutionary Road by Richard Yates"

44:"Robinson Crusoe by Daniel Defoe"

45:"Roman Honor by Carlin Barton"

46:"Self-Control: Its Kingship and Majesty by William George Jordan"

47:"Self-Reliance & Other Essays by Ralph Waldo Emerson"

48:"Slaughterhouse-Five by Kurt Vonnegut"

49:"Steppenwolf by Herman Hesse"

50:"Swiss Family Robinson by Johann David Wyss"

51:"Tarzan of the Apes by Edgar Rice Burroughs"

52:"The 7 Habits of Highly Successful People by Stephen Covey"

53:"The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain"

54:"The Art of War by Sun Tzu"

55:"The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin"

56:"The Autobiography of Malcolm X"

57:"The Bible"

58:"The Book of Deeds of Arms and Chivalry by Christine de Pizan"

59:"The Boy Scout Handbook (1st Edition)"

60:"The Boys of Summer by Roger Kahn"

61:"The Brothers Karamazov by Fyodor Dostoevsky"

62:"The Call of the Wild by Jack London"

63:"The Code of Man by Waller Newell"

64:"The Count of Monte Cristo by Alexander Dumas"

65:"The Dharma Bums by Jack Kerouac "

66:"The Divine Comedy by Dante Alighieri"

67:"The Federalist Papers"

68:"The Godfather by Mario Puzo"

69:"The Grapes of Wrath by John Steinbeck"

70:"The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald"

71:"The Great Railway Bazaar by Paul Theroux"

72:"The Histories by Herodotus"

73:"The Hobbit & The Lord of the Rings by J.R.R. Tolkien"

74:"The Iliad & The Odyssey by Homer"

75:"The Killer Angels by Michael Shaara "

76:"The Last Lion Trilogy by William Manchester"

77:"The Last of the Mohicans by James Fenimore Cooper"

78:"The Long Goodbye by Raymond Chandler"

79:"The Lord of the Flies by William Golding"

80:"The Maltese Falcon by Dashiell Hammett"

81:"The Master and Margarita by Mikhail Bulgakov"

82:"The Naked and the Dead by Norman Mailer"

83:"The Outsiders by S. E. Hinton"

84:"The Prince by Niccolo Machiavelli"

85:"The Republic by Plato"

86:"The Road by Cormac McCarthy"

87:"The Stranger by Albert Camus"

88:"The Sun Also Rises by Ernest Hemingway"

89:"The Thin Red Line by James Jones"

90:"The Wealth of Nations by Adam Smith"

91:"Theodore Roosevelt Trilogy by Edmund Morris"

92:"This Boy’s Life by Tobias Wolff"

93:"Thus Spoke Zarathustra by Friedrich Nietzsche"

94:"To Kill A Mockingbird by Harper Lee"

95:"Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson"

96:"Ulysses by James Joyce"

97:"Walden by Henry David Thoreau "

98:"With the Old Breed by Eugene Sledge"

99:"Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance by Robert Pirsig"
I've read 32 at least once, and started or dabbled in 7 of the others.
Great list. Thanks for posting. 
What exactly should I be expecting upon completing this list? 
I'm honestly surprised that two Hemingway titles made it to this "manly" list and neither were *The Old Man and The Sea*. We all know that Hemingway dealt thematically with masculinity in his works, but this title in particular seems to have a profound focus on the elemental experience of mortal man & nature. 
All lists should be done on goodreads, because I'm lazy, and want to just click "to read" on lists or make sure I read books. 
My English teacher in eighth grade (this list in some form or another has been around for a while I'm not that young) challenged our class to read as many books off this list as possible over the year, with a prize going to the winner. 

I ended up getting hung up on Crime and Punishment for way too long and wasting a lot of time (not that it wasn't worth the read of course) and came in second behind a good friend of mine

It was definitely a really great idea, and at least a few of us who took the challenge seriously had a lot of fun reading many of these books. Looking back on it I think it's a good list and a lot of the books on it are must reads whether you're a man or a woman imo. 
I am blown away that Robert Bly's "Iron John" is not mentioned here.
I read this as 'list of 100 books Everyman should read'. I'm thinking- what awesome powers is he going to get from these. Oh- um... broliness. 
I haven't read any of these papers! I do read but never did one of those books.
I have read about 16 of these.
Why the Bible but no texts from other religions (unless I'm missing something)? The Bhagavad-Gita, the Koran, etc.
Theodore Rex was awesome, didn't even know it was part of a trilogy
Wealth of nations is REALLY hard to read
This list is more or less a span of the curriculum of English classes from high school through college. I've read 47 of the books on the list and based on my memory 45 of those were required reading for school. Seems like a pretty uninspired list that focuses on making sure an individual can claim he or she is well read. 
Pride and Prejudice,  fuck that. 
I'd throw in: Neuromancer, William Gibson (1984), the beginning of the Sprawl Trilogy.
Fail.  I don't see Jeff Cooper on that list.  Namely, To Ride, Shoot Straight, And Speak The Truth, and Art of the Rifle.
I was happy to see some good existentialist reading. kierkegaard, nietzsche, and camus. Though for Nietzsche I would of went with Genealogy of morals. It is definitely hard to make a must read list, but this list is very good.   
It should be a crime to leave catcher in the eye off this list 
I'll wait for the movies.
Does this work for boys too?
Heartbreakingly I have read one and a quarter of these... I read The Hobbit but Lord of the Rings was just so dry and overly descriptive. I find myself struggling to get past even the Council of Elrond every time...

Time was I could devour a book a day. Admittedly, mostly Pratchett, Gemmell, Eddings... Easily started, nigh impossible to put down, rarely overly long and snappy, while still able to impart knowledge and life lessons that better teach you to be a worthy person.

Still, I have a lot to catch up on.
The first step on the road to manliness is realizing that the entire concept is stupid and you should do your own thing, not what some hipster blog tells you to.

Find a book on that and you're golden.
Read these you
So . . . Pick a top 10.
Most of these books should just be read by everybody, I don't see why they're so particular to men.
I think *Critical Path* by Buckminster Fuller should have been on that list.  Also *Godel, Escher, Bach*.  Those are some manly man books if I've ever read one!
Did I seriously just read an entire top-100 list of books every man should read and not see True Grit?
Eh, the whole gender role thing is a bit old fashioned. 
Hatchet was the first book I ever read. Got me into the outdoors and probably changed my life forever.
can someone narrow this down to the top 10? k thx
Art of Manliness is a fantastic blog. I particularly recommend the articles on preparing bacon and moving in a manner reminiscent of a ninja. 
Ok in the first 29 years I have 1 of those books down... 
Too much fiction, not enough  diversity, but it's a good start.  I see no need to tape to any door.  Any thing is good I guess if it gets more people readkng.
Manliness is an outdated concept
I'm surprised One Hundred Years of Solitude was on here. It's probably one of the hardest books I've read but damn was it amazing. Love Garcia Marquez 
Hope I'm not late to the party - just a heads up there's books on this list that are free on Amazon when you download it to the Kindle app :)

Found three already:
The prince
Plutarch
The art of war

For those who would like to read one or two, you might want to check on Amazon first and see if you can download it onto your Kindle app, it'll save you a couple of bucks :)

Hope it helps people wanting to read and save money :)
Commenting to come back
The only thing missing was Infinite Jest. What a terrible list. 
I reject the entire idea behind that headline.

Let's not make it ***should***.
this is a nice list but I'm against the whole concept behind it 'I am a man and I like these books and every man should read them'. It'd be a lot nicer if every man (and woman) read different books. It would make the world a more interesting place. Don't know what to read? Ask someone you often disagree with. Try one by a young author. Pick up a book by a local author when you're travelling abroad. Or just close your eyes and pick up a random one at the book store. 
A man should be able to read, and it would be nice if an average human read 10 books a year.
If you're going to include so many books that are great recommendations regardless of gender you should probably include Night by Elie Wiesel.  It can be read in an afternoon (as far as length is concerned; it can be difficult to read all at once for other reasons) and is the only book I think "everybody should read".
Too late for the discussion, but I'll add Iron John: A Book About Men  by American poet Robert Bly.  It talks about how boys become men in societies other then ours and how we are missing that clear transition of personal responsibility in our culture.
Pretty surprised to see I've read a good chunk of these books! Some good and some bad on that list, Ayn Rand and the Bible seemed unnecessary...
The Killer Angels was pretty amazing.  I'd put C.S. Forester in the list for Hornblower though.
Most of these are taken off required reading lists from about 5th grade to freshmen college.

Where is The Diary of Anne Frank?
Even Cowgirls get the blues?
Anna Karenina?
Silent Spring?
The rise & fall of the Third Reich?

http://www.smithsonianmag.com/history/revisiting-the-rise-and-fall-of-the-third-reich-20231221/
Take the Bible out, and add the Manifesto by Marx & Engels, and we're Gucci.
"The River Why" I think should be on this list.
A lot of good books in there, but they are all generally good books and should be road by both men and women. 


I've only read fifty-six of them, but I'm not a guy, so...
It's one of the better lists I've seen, I guess. Was honestly surprised to not see the *Aeneid* on there. The whole "dutiful Aeneas" thing seemed like what they were aiming for, after all.

Seemed pretty heavily biased towards older American literature and war novels. I can get *Band of Brothers* and *All Quiet on the Western Front* and the Churchill trilogy, but it seemed somewhat myopic, honestly.

I would have replaced several of the books with the *Aeneid*, with dutiful Aeneas and sacrificing what you may want to do for what you are called to do by duty or the divine or what have you, *Romance of Three Kingdoms* for the brotherhood of Liu Bei, Guan Yu and Zhang Fei, *The Tale of Genji* for the romantic exploits of the Shining Prince and how different acceptable behavior for men varies across time and cultures, the *Epic of Gilgamesh* for the legendary friendship of Gilgamesh and Enkidu and a cautionary tale of vainglory and recklessness and what it can cost. And honestly, I would specifically replace the Bible with Augustine's *Confessions*, the Bible is rather more an anthology of books which doesn't really speak to a singular purpose while Augustine is more focused and still quite the classical work of theology. 

Oh, and *The Three Musketeers*.


tl;dr: This list hits a lot of great titles that are often missing from these subjective lists that I approve of, but there isn't a single non-western work on the list, and as usual for this particular blog it insinuates being a man is pretty much equivalent to conforming to a very specific stereotype. 
Or anything by Louis L'Amour. 
Nobody ever has to read Ayn Rand. Ever. There is not a single good reason to waste your time on that bullshit. 
I literally finished reading Slaughterhouse Five less than an hour ago. Couldn't put the damned thing down. 10/10 highly recommend 
John Steinbeck is a good addition to this lack of manliness blog. I would add his East of Eden too.
So, basically every classic including pride and prejudice.
I'll take "classics by mostly dead white men" for 1000, Alex.

How about something outside the hetero normative stereotypes? I say that as a white guy who enjoyed many of those novels.

The idea of of these "must read" lists is ostensibly to expand horizons, allow readers to experience viewpoints not accessible to them etc. Not reinforce the already established social norms.

PS Atlas shrugged? The Bible? Someone is having a joke.
Didn't notice it.  Did you include "Real men don't eat quiche"? 
You left out A Catcher in the Rye, you big phony.
I'm confused: *why* should i read all these books as a man?
I have read exactly none of those.
Let's agree to disagree about Atlas Shrugged
I think 48 laws of power deserves a space in the list.
I thought there was only three:

*Learn to Ride Like A Man* by Jack Dawson

*Learn to Chew Tobacco Like A Man* by Jack Dawson

*Learn to Spit Like A Man* by Jack Dawson
I've read over half of them and the one book I'd drop from the list is atlas shrugged. 

It's not worth reading, everything is signalled, the characters are two dimensional and the supposed philosophical message is just plain self interest. 

A dull plank of a read.
That's a pretty impressive list! I can think of a few I'd like to add.  The problem is that I have no idea what I'd remove to make space for them.

For whatever it's worth, these are my proposed additions:

* A Lesson Before Dying, Ernest Gaines
* The Mysterious Island, Jules Verne
* Lord Jim, Joseph Conrad
* Chronicle of a Death Foretold, Gabriel Garcia Marquez
* Love in the Time of Cholera, Gabriel Garcia Marquez
* Tess of the d'Urbervilles, Thomas Hardy
* The Way We Live Now, Anthony Trollope
* Vanity Fair, William Makepeace Thackeray
* Germinal, Emile Zola

Ken kesey - one flew over the cuckoo's nest 
Herman hess - siddhartha 
Good list, though im always mildly suspicious about these lists when you see things like "ulysses" and "the bible" or "paradise lost" on them. All good books, sure. But does it fit into a "must read" list? If you dont love literature you probably wont like those three or anything like them. 

Also it does rather smack of the author running out of books that they know people should read and just picking a few widely known ones...

Edit: LEVIATHAN is on there? C'mon guys. Aint nobody got time for that. Its written in that "wherefore, forsooth, it can be considered, by the grace of the king, lord of the nation, appointed by god, hand of the MOST high, blah blah blah" style. Just read a synopsis. You will be fine. 

I should say that I have read it so this isnt just philistinism speaking. 
But if you're a woman, don't you dare!
So what happens once you finish reading them all? You die? Or finally can go to the gym? Or realize how little of a man you have been and likely to remain? 
name of the website is so cringeworthy
I'm pretty sure this is "90 Books Your Political Science and English Lit Teachers Want You to Read with 10 Books Added That Sound Manly"
This blog is complete garbage. 

How about this. Don't tell me what I need to read, buy, or do in order to identify as one gender or another.
Jesus, this is like the most manchild insecure-in-his-masculinity bullshit ever. I stopped reading at The Prince amd just scrolled down a while to laugh. I bet you *anything* Ayn Rand shows up later. 

Protip: If any business ever tells you "This is what a man needs to do" or "This is what a man needs to buy" just roll your eyes and keep browsing. They're trying to sell you shit by fucking with your insecurities.

This list was compiled by a moron anyway. It's not that the books are *bad* (though some of them are), it's just that everyone's read them and they have nothing to do with your masculinity.
Not a bad list - *which means I recognize most titles and have actually read a few.*
No Dean Koontz? fuckinbullshit. 
Women, stay the fuck out of the this list. 
100 books every man should read to cure his insomnia.
You'd think they would want to include more than 1 book centered on women.  I'm not trying to be PC here, I think it would be valuable for men to read more novels centered around women in order to get a sense of what their experience is like.  
I do not get the point of all these damn Every Man Should Read lists. First of all, Esquire has already done this shit. So these other lists just end up being super repetitive.

Second of all, why do we need gender-specified lists? Great books for men should be great books for women as well. Both genders can learn a lot from novels focused on the other. The only time I can see these lists having a point is if every book is included for a specific reason in regards to understanding masculinity or femininity. But none of them actually do this, they just pick books that the average dude would be into.
this will definitely trigger some really woke comments
Cringe-inducing
I can't believe A Man's Life: The Complete Instructions, by Denis Boyles didn't make that list.

"It's like an owner's manual for a penis," said one brilliant girlfriend.
How is "Art of the Deal" not on this list.
That's actually a really good list.  Glad I'm ahead of the game on most of these.
there is only one thing "manly" and that's ignoring lists that tell you "do these things and you will become more manly"

I remember the guys that grew up to be men, they spent their childhoods outside, camping, atvs, hunting, fishing, getting in fights, dirt biking, skiing, boating, chasing girls, drinking beer, playing hockey and every other sport they could, working and helping out their fathers, cant say they were doing much reading.

Edit: I can see why that would be downvoted on reddit, so subversive. But then these are people reading a blog about what books to read to become 'manly', lol
this list became garbage at The Boy Scouts of America Handbook 1st edition.....1st edition?....really? Hipster much? And then The Bible? That book straight garbage.
"Around 80 books everyone should read and 20 books we've heard that it is sophisticated to read."
Most of these are books *anyone* should read, not just men.
sorting this thread by controversial brings all the angry triggered liberals to the top. 
Soon to be renamed "the art of gender neutral success". Dickheads know what's up. 
The Art of War by Sun Tzu disqualifies this list as being trite hipster trash imo. Who here is a military leader? Very Few. 
100 books every man should read by theartofmanliness.....

....Hagakure nowhere to be found,  90% high school reading list books.

FUCK off clickbait.
I'm probably opening a can of worms but does Atlas Shrugged have any serious literary merit?  If you look beyond the political message it carries, does the book contain well-written prose and characters? Is it plotted well?  Does it standup on its own without the belief system it espouses and has led to its current cult of supporters?

Full disclosure, I have never read it or have seen the movies but I'm pretty sure I read its wikipedia summary once.  I was probably a bit high when I did it.

>Wealth of Nations


>Atlas Shrugged


>The Bible


>Self-Reliance & Other Essays 



This list stinks of right-wing (American) libertarianism, to be honest.  
ITT: girly men complaining about a site devoted to real men.
The Bible? It's 2016, almost 2017, we really need to leave this Book Of Bullshit behind.
Not sure why this list is just for men...
So, by and large ignore female perspectives? Right, got it.


This was important to me in my early twenties. I attributed it to growing up without a father figure. 
What a bizarre selection of books! From the sublime to the ridiculous, eternal classics next to self-help bullshit, books which no non-American would be even slightly interested in next to weird right wing tracts. God no. 
I think men should actively read books written about the female experience/read something that challenges their own POV 
What this really is, is a list that attempts to claw back gender stereotypes from the last hundred years and bring them back into relevance. 

Obviously men should be reclining in their brass studded leather lounge chairs, smoking a cigar and leisurely reading about how great it is to be a man, while the wife is somewhere probably cooking or cleaning like she's supposed to!

Next up, list of womanly books every lady should read:

-How to Give Birth Repeatedly


-Cooking and Cleaning 101


-Being Silent and Obeying


-Sandwiches for Dummies



I feel inspired to chop wood and subjugate the poor. 
"The Art of Manliness" - what an antiquated concept. What are you, a Teddy Roosevelt acolyte Jesus...
This is such a typical list of dusty old cannon standards. While they're nearly all undeniably important and powerful works they just reiterate the same notions of manhood that have defined and upheld the patriarchy for too long. It's time to start supporting fresh ideas and new perspectives, not just banging on the same old drums forever. 
Bluntly, if you seek advice on being manly you've already failred.
Adam Smith, Ayn Rand and no Marx ?
Heavily biased IMHO.
I started reading your list and when I saw the Bible I stopped....
"The bible" nope 
Lol 100 books?? Even the list of 100 titles of books was way too long to consider reading.
That site gives me douche chills.

Oh, and "the Bible" lollllllz so sophisticated.
100 books every MAN should read because you have to be a MANLY MANLY MAN
Try this on: 100 books written by WOMEN. Do I need to read another 70 books written by men? Was our entire human history not written by men? 

The greatest progress a man can make in his life is to understand that he is not innately exceptional, that he must choose to be. Escape the echo chamber. There is nothing more manly than empathizing and going to bat for the disenfranchised. 
Anytime a see a list "for men" these days it's always some limp wristed  pussified numale bullshit. 

This is actually a pretty good list. Kind of surprised. 
What happened to reading for fun? I want a good story and memorable characters. I don't need political commentary or poignant messages on life. I just want to have fun. I don't have to analyze everything I read or try to relate it to my own life or the situations around me.
The Bible? Gtfo with that shit.
Surprised at the list not being total shit. 
Pretty good list (for the most part) but why the sexism? Anyone can appreciate these books.
27 already read. Is that good?
Take put lord of the flies and you have a great list
Added these to my list
"From Guidos To Gays" is the manliest book of the year.  (2016)  It's brand new.  On amazon.  And manly.
I didn't read the whole list but can somebody tell me if "The Art of the Deal" was on there? Its the best book ever, believe me. If you want to be a man then this is the only book you need to read. MAGA!
No Vagina Monologues?
Okay, okay we're checking the boxes here. Catch-22, 1984...brave new world, to kill a mockingbird...ok, all the books on every list ever, yes now let's get into the Atlus Shurgged phase now maybe a little Lolita and finally into the final phase. Leviathan, Ulysses..art of war. Ok, everybody out of the pool.

Yeah, have fun with that list..yeesh. Take your beard wax, tight jeans scarf get-up, pack a copy of leviathan under your arm and walk into the ocean. 
Real men don't read books
Why the Bible? What a shitty idea. I've read the old testament. Added zero value to my life. Also, nothing by the Stoics. But plenty on war and suffering. 
[removed]
How do I remind myself of this list in a week? 
Only one cormac book on here... scam.
I've read 20+ and have 35+, so I've read or am planning on reading a good portion of that list. 

Maybe I should make my own because this one sucks. 
Starting with Great Gatsby? The book that was made into a classic? Lost me there...
Seriously? Playboy isn't on the list? OP is a woman!
Atlas Shrugged?? I thought this was a reading list for Men, not adolescents.
So basically anything as long as it's written by a man. 
I've read exactly 50, which makes me half a man? 
Just imagine how the world would look like if every single man on earth read 100 books. 
This list is fucked.  The Rational Male isn't on here, but the bible is?  Please.
If you need a website to tell you how to be manly, you should probably kick your dad in the nuts. 
The first book is The Great Gatsby... automatically disregarded the rest of the list. 
I realized this list was shit when i saw the wealth of nations but nothing from Marx.
Triggered?
So these books have some manner of security device which can only be opened with a penis?  Or do they detect female hormones and sponteneously combust?
Every time I see a list titled, "______ books every _____ should read," I roll my eyes. 
I feel gross for clicking on this, but only slightly gross by the content, cause booklist.



You can skip The Brothers Karamazov
Who knew these classics were only for men! Hope I haven't gotten too butch reading many of these books as a woman
If anything "The Name of the Wind" By Pat Rothfuss should be here. 
1. They should really wait until the series is finished.

2. I don't think Kingkiller can be portrayed on screen without completely butchering the narrative. 

3. I'd still watch the fuck out of it.
Man writes brilliant series of books but all fans seem to have to wait forever for the completion/Next episode.
Adapted for Screen, wild success, author appears to have lost interest in finishing books.
Screen adaptation becomes effectively becomes the important thing - readers left hanging on for scraps, may die disappointed.

Mmmmm - sounds familiar.

To be fair, I loved the first two books of the Kingkiller Chronicles - I cannot remember when I enjoyed a fantasy book as much. 

Fuck all y'all I'm stoked! Now all we need is some crazy bastard with a butt ton of money to pull off the mistborn trilogy.
If anyone can effectively transfer the scene where everyone cries after Kvothe's performance at the inn to the screen, it's Lin Manuel Miranda. 
Hay has anyone bitched about the lack of a third book yet? Because I wanna bitch that there's no third book yet. Because there is no third book yet, and there has to be three books to make a trilogy. Trilogy. Tri. Three. No third book. Yet. In case no one mentioned it.  
Wow. 

I admit I'm not a big fan of *The Kingkiller Chronicles*. The usual issues with the protagonist and the plot not going anywhere.  Couple that with the fact that the best part of the book (the prose) won't be transported to the screen and I was ready to see a trainwreck. 

But this guy can do it. Now I might actually enjoy the show and I'm happy about it. 


And if it does turn out to be not that great,  fans might acknowledge the flaws of the books instead of just blaming all of it on the show people.
If only the author would stop messing around and finish the third damn book...
I was so disappointed with Wise Man's Fear. I don't know how you could make an interesting screen adaptation of wandering around in the woods for a thousand pages.
Damn. Now I **really** gotta read them.
How about we get the third fucking book first?
If anyone can make a series about hardcore Medieval budget making interesting, it's Lin-Manuel Miranda. 
Gonna suck if Rothfus fucks up the finale.
I liked *The Name of the Wind* and thought it was beautifully written, though I had some problems with it to be honest. I'm not sure I'll ever get around to reading the second novel, but would definitely watch a series. 

I think Lin-Manuel Miranda will rock this. It's a rise-up story about a musical genius/the act of creating which seems to be something he'd be able to pack some punch into. Plus he's been talking about loving Rothfuss for years, so I think it's in good hands for the hardcore fans. I'm really interested to hear the music.
>Lin is an incomparable talent and a huge fan of the trilogy and, working closely with Pat, his creative oversight of the franchise will bring an incredible level of detail and continuity to all of the projects.

*trilogy...* Where's^the^third^book^fckr?!
Great job!
Hoping we'll also get an x-art film about Kvothe in the fey
Okay great cool.... FINISH THE FUCKING BOOK BEFORE HAND THOUGH. 
Is now a good time to read the series?
Great Job!
I can't wait to see this, even if its far away, I just want it to happen. :O
If this happens, it will take about a lifetime of movies before anything halfway interesting happens.  Even then it won't be any good.
Ah yes, the series I read a lifetime ago and forgot completely about, while for an ending that may never happen. I couldn't care less how it ends at this point.
I remember the first time I pick up The name of the wind. It was the first book I ever bought, it was the first book I actually felt attached to. Then I let someone borrow it, and they moved six states away, so it's the only book I've bought twice. I guess what I'm getting at is I really hope it doesn't get butchered.
Ugh.  Kvothe is insufferable and such a Mary Sue.  It will be hilarious to see an actual person portray the character and fail to live up to Rothfuss' expectations.
I don't even think Lin-Manuel Miranda will be able to make Kvothe's magical adventures of Gary Studom interesting. He'll be great at making the songs and music pop, for sure, but that doesn't make up for the fact that the plot is nearly nonexistent in the first two books when you really get right down to it and examine what we've seen thus far. In all likelihood I think The Kingkiller Chronicles is headed for a pretty anticlimatic end. It appears that Rothfuss is struggling to get the third and final book in the series written given how long it's taking him and I can't imagine it living up to all the expectations the first 2 books created/promised. I think Rothfuss is fully intending to jump ship straight into screenwriting and he'll abandon the final book in the trilogy in favor of writing for the show and then other new projects instead. 
Makes sense--he's definitely proven himself to be able to adapt a self insert/Mary Sue narrative
Who the fuck is this guy? I saw him made fun of on SNL celebrity guests outa nowhere
As a librarian I am so happy to read your post!
I will never stop using my library. I love it SO damn much. :)
The library is my next stop after I finish the books in my bookshelf. I have a few parts of series that I picked up at local thrift stores. I plan on finding as many of the other parts in series there first and thankfully, my local branch is a 15 minute walk from my apartment. 
This year was the first year that I decided to do the Goodreads challenge. I set the bar low at 10 books, to keep myself from feeling overwhelmed. I hit that goal in the summer and am now at 17, currently on the 2nd book of the Hitchhiker's series (fantastic and hilarious, wish I read them sooner). The Goodreads challenge and my job have fueled my new desire for books and I love it! It makes me so happy to be reading again!
I worked at a library for 4 years coming out of high school, it was probably my favorite job I've ever had. I should have taken advantage of reading more back then, but oh well, I can now.
I'm happy you have found a place at the library. I have so many fond memories of time spent there, from growing up into young adulthood. I'm happy people are finding it again :)
This is awesome. The library is and always has been my primary resource for books and reading, as I've always been some level of poor, and right now I really don't have the money at all for books, and usually don't have much room to store them, so I hate buying them and then trying to get rid of them. 

This is why it blows me away to find avid readers who think somehow they are better/more intelligent because they have a personal library. I read dozens of books each year, and only have a library of about 20 give or take, most of them natural science field guides. 
My mother used to take me to the library all the time as a kid. As an adult, I will admit I have become rather spoiled by being able to buy my own books. However with the closing of my favorite local bookstore (RIP Hasting), I've begun running short on options. The only way to buy books now is on my Kindle, Amazon, or driving all the way to the south side of the city below us to go to Books-a-Million (which is a bit expensive anyway!). 

I've also begun to notice  how much space some of my books are starting to take up in my house. Now, I do use the campus library for studying and research, but I'm now starting to turn towards my regular library again. If I don't feel like leaving the house, no problem! I've discovered how to rent my Kindle Books on their app too! Very happy to have found more use out of the library again.
As a current circulation desk assistant and MLS grad student, this warms my heart. I always tell my friends and family about the wonderful resources available at the library. They're always amazed because of the infuriating misconception that libraries are dying out. Far from true! 
Stephenson is one of my favorite authors.  I recommend all of his stuff.  

The Baroque Cycle is easily my favorite.  Anathema is also quite good.  The Diamond Age, Snow Crash, and Cryptonomicon are some of his most popular.  
I love Stephenson's work, although he can get quite wordy.  That seems to put a lot of people off.  I had to restart Quicksilver three times to finally get through the first half that did nothing but setup the other two books in the Baroque Cycle.

A tip, Diamond Age is a sequel to Snow Crash.  They are essentially two standalone novels, but one character from SC does show up in DA.
Yea, he is a quite well known and well regarded author, Snow Crash is pretty much mandatory reading for modern sci fi, which even at that it was written more than 20 years ago. I've got Diamond Age on a shelf, but haven't read it yet, however I have read 3 others of his work which are all a serious (but rewarding) comittment.
Glad to hear you are enjoying it. 

In my opinion, the first half of The Diamond Age is among Stephenson's best work.  But I am a sucker for a story well-told from a child's perspective (e.g. Tom Sawyer, Huck Finn, Whistling Season).

The second half, IMHO, doesn't live up.

I could never love Snow Crash, even though it is revered by Stephenson fans.  The tone of the writing doesn't connect with me... way too gimmicky, and to make matters worse, it advertises the gimmicks in advance of delivering them. 

I think Stephenson really hit his stride with Cryptonomicon.  That's always my strongest recommendation for readers interested in Stephenson.

There is a speech about hypocrisy in there somewhere that should be required reading. 
I've read everything the author has written. Snow Crash will always have a place in my heart but Cryptonomicon/The Baroque Cycle were probably the best with Seveneves being close behind.

And if you like China, Reamde also took place in it. EDIT: And it's partially set in present-day China.
Love Stephenson. However, you said this is your first book by him, and you still haven't finished it. So, I feel it's fair to warn you, Stephenson is kinda known for not having the best endings. It's almost like he decides to stop writing as soon as things are mostly resolved. No epilogue, no coda, no "and now this is how things are now". Just stops. Some have said he writes just enough to end it, but many, including me, have been left wanting more of a wrap up. 
It seems like last year, every odd post was regarding Neal Stephensons "Seveneves" . I enjoyed the first 2/3rds but there's a bit of a turn at that point which sort of lost me. I won't spoil it in case you get to read it.
Stephenson is fairly well known, but Diamond Age is not one of his better known works. the famous ones are either Snow Crash, or the later Anathema stuff. 
I've read Snow Crash, Cryptonomicon, and Diamond Age. Enjoyed all of them, even though crypto was quite a slab to get through. I should probably read some of his other books as well, but I haven't found them at my favorite used book store yet.

With some similar themes, I think you also might enjoy Charles Stross as well. Accelerando particularly stands out to me as being in some ways similar.
Big reader here. One of my all time favs. Glad you liked it. 
Damn that's quite a doorstop.  I'll have to check out the plot summary on Wikipedia one of these days.
After first finishing this book, I disliked it. It was far too long and rambling and the ending was nothing special.

But then, later on, in the most insignificant times and mundane parts of my day, I would find myself thinking about Cathy H. And Tommy, and all the children. It's such a haunting book and only later when I had time to reflect on it did I understand the significance of the book.

The book is beautiful. It feels like life, and real life. Every time I recall an event in the book I feel as if it was a memory of my own.

I don't know what draws me back to this book, I can't pinpoint it. 

You should definitely read The Remains of the Day!  Madame has stuck with me the most from Never Let Me Go.
I absolutely adore "Never let me go" and I really urge you to read "Remains of the day" as well. Although different in theme, it carries much the same contemplativeness as "Never let me go".
What struck me was how matter of factly their lives & purpose are part of the narrative. It's just quietly true, with no explosive scenes or real outrage. Amazing book. 
The Buried Giant was a touching story - narrative quest in OLD Britain.
I know this is blasphemy, but I liked the movie a whole lot more than I liked the book.  The actual story is really good, but I thought the movie told it much more effectively.
Another voice recommending Remains of the Day! Although, Ive liked everything I've read from him. I didn't tear through Never Let Me Go like I did Remains of the Day, but it still felt like a good book(though not always while reading it). The sadness and the journey you go through with the characters is special. 
I read this back in high school, I was actually in a boarding school at the time haha. Except they were a bit more concerned when we would have sex in the unused classrooms :/
The audiobook is ammmmazing. Perfect hauntingly calm accent.
Just read that this past month. It truly was an absolutely beautiful, haunting, mesmerizing story. My only criticism was that I wanted to see more of the dystopian world fleshed out, but I also realize that would have taken away from the narrative.  
I first watched the movie (love Carey Mulligan) and I cried and cried at the end.

Then my sister picked up the book by chance at a library book sale and I read it while we were on vacation. It's definitely one of those stories where knowing the end doesn't lessen the impact at all. I must have cried for a half hour. Had to keep putting the book down. Haunting to say the least. I remember feeling so moved I had to tell my mom.
This book tore the heart out of me.
I had the same reaction to this book. It's accompanied by one of the rare 'book to movie' films that actually does the retelling justice.
"The Unconsoled" is absolutely fantastic.
The Remains of the Day and A Pale Views of Hills are both fantastic, I've read them so many times. Remains of the Day sometimes makes me tear up at the end because I feel so sad for him :( 
I felt the exact same way - it's one of the books that's really stuck with me even though I read it 2-3 years ago now and have forgotten some of the specific details. It's so hauntingly beautiful. I've recommended it left and right but I don't think anyone has taken me up on the recommendation so it's nice to see a lot of like minded people here :)

The movie was also pretty good, one of the better book to movie adaptations I've seen. 
The logic and science in this book were so terrible I wanted to stomp on it.
I sat next to a (cute) girl on a plane ride the other day who was reading this book. Such serendipity. Now I have to read this book, it's a sign.
PG Wodehouse is a master.  Sometimes I'm so busy laughing at what he's written I forget to notice how beautiful his sentences are.  If you haven't read at least the Jeeves and Wooster novels, find them now.
Right, ho!
I used to read Wodehouse in college to wind down, and the English majors in my hall would make fun of me. One of them came up to me near the end of senior year and apologized - they'd been assigned Jeeves and he'd had a 180. Glad to see the establishment is coming around. 
PG Wodehouse may be one of the most masterful wordsmiths ever to live. 

If you enjoy Terry Pratchett and his amazing turns of phrase, you owe it to yourself to check out Wodehouse as well. 

Besides the skill at writing, the characters and plot are both endearing and funny - I find few books bring me such quiet, calm joy (I listen to them an audiotape during long drives)
It has been a while since I've read PG Wodehouse, but my admiration has not diminished. 
Gruntled.
Hue and Laurie's Jeeves and Wooster is a perfect dramatization of said literature.


The greatness of P.G. Wodehouse's writing is the one topic I've seen unanimous agreement about in formal debates on religion. (I know it's weird that it even comes up in such debates). So, take that for what you will about how broadly his appeal goes. 
If you need a laugh, please check out PG Wodehouse!  My favorites are the Bertie Wooster and Jeeves books but there are many others that are very funny as well.  And I’m relieved to hear he wasn’t actually a Nazi sympathizer since I had read that some time ago and it diminished  my enthusiasm for him.  
Uncle Dynamite may be the best comic novel I've ever read. 
My first website was a tribute to the master wordsmith we know as P.G. Wodehouse.

I culled puns, turns of phrase and wordplay from all the books I had read and put them on the site. It might be somewhere in the deep recesses of archive.org.

http://www.angelfire.com/pq/wodehouse
It's a rare public library that has a big Wodehouse collection.  His reputation as frivolous and the age of the books are against him.

There are over 40 Wodehouse books available for free download at Project Gutenberg.
Agree with this article 100%. My mom, Faith Sullivan, wrote a well-reviewed novel about a Minnesota woman's literary love affair with Wodehouse, called Good Night Mr. Wodehouse. http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/24945403-good-night-mr-wodehouse
Try the golf stories. Not only are they brilliantly written and funny the observations of people and golfers are spot on. He was a master writing about something he was passionate about. 
I read a couple of these and enjoyed them.  The writing is superb.  For those of you who have read a lot of them - are there any female characters who aren't complete asses or useless twits?
I absolutely adore Wodehouse, he is probably  my most favorite author ever! I've read every single of Jeeves and Wooster stories (multiple times) and most of his other books. I don't understand the snobbishness - where I grew up, Wodehouse was actually considered good and wholesome (if not high-brow) literature, a mark of someone who's well-read. His language is an absolute joy to read!
One of the few authors that makes me consistently put down the book and truly laugh.
"WOODHOUSE!" -Archer
Fanbloodytastic.  How can you beat the line ' "Tinkerty-tonk" I said, and I meant it to sting'.

Love Wodehouse to bits, even named my yacht "Empress of Blandings".
Summer Moonshine has never seemed very popular, but it's my all time favorite.
I was under the impression he already had one.
I was so lucky that my grandfather gave me a Wodehouse book when I was like 12 years old.  I was over at his house and we saw an episode of Mortimer's *Rumpole of the Bailey* on PBS, and he took note of my reaction.

Old guy got out of his chair and laid a copy of some *Jeeves* short stories on me.  He also gave me a copy of *The Complete Sherlock Holmes*.  

And here we are today.
Probably my favorite author.  Glad to see he's getting his due.
Going to get My Man Jeeves for Christmas. Very excited for that one. 
"Uncle Fred Flits By"   anyone else consider this his gold standard? I've never read anything funnier.
To anyone who loved the jeeves and wooster books I'd recommend crome yellow by auldous huxley. It's very similar in being a sardonic character study of a bunch of misfit aristocrats brought together in a very Wodehouse style.
Couldn't agree more. I can read anything by any author and love what they have done but with Wodehouse, I can't really comprehend how he writes the way he does. I don't use the word genius much but with Wodehouse it is apt. 
Love love LOVE Wodehouse, ever since I was about 8 or so. Someone gave me a copy of Laughing Gas and I fell in love with his writing.
I'll forever be thankful to Stephen Fry for introducing me to Wodehouse. His books are delightful.
I have never read anything by PG Wodehouse before, but this article and the comments on this thread have kindled in me a sudden interest in his works. So, I'm planning to pick up *My Man Jeeves* because that seems like a good starting point and is available for free download on Project Gutenberg. 
I recommend The Bell Jar by Sylvia Plath to this list.
I'm sure I'll be downvoted to hell, but someone has to say it I suppose - I just find the idea of gender associating books utterly weird and something I can't understand at all.
I recommend **A Tree Grows in Brooklyn, by Betty Smith**
Ooh, how about Herland (and the Yellow Wallpaper) by Charlotte Perkins Gilman?  
[Men Explain Things to Me](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Men_Explain_Things_to_Me)  
Books by [Nawal el Saadawi](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nawal_El_Saadawi) are amazing  
[Audra Lorde](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Audre_Lorde)  
Anne Carson - Men in the Off Hours, Beauty of the Husand  
[Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chimamanda_Ngozi_Adichie)  
Can't say I didn't see this coming after the earlier post. I'm curious if there's any overlap between the two after all is said and done.
A little blurb explaining the premise, maybe some history on the book, and why you recommend each one would make this list much better.
As it stands, I just glance at the titles to see what I've read and move on.
Honestly I found 'The Edible Woman' by Margaret Atwood a really emotional read, and it spoke about a woman's identity in the face of impending marriage, and the need to feel like we need to compromise what we want in a partner as we get older in our desperation to become part of the status quo.

While The Handmaid's Tale is a great book and very relevant, 'The Edible Woman' is based on "real" world life (granted in the 1970s/80s), and to me spoke on a level I could understand way better (even though I read it recently).
I would like to add:

Housekeeping by Marilynne Robinson

Mrs. Dalloway by Virginia Woolf

To the Lighthouse by Virginia Woolf

We Who Are About To by Joanna Russ (criminally underrated feminist sci-fi)

The Stain by Rikki Ducornet

Wise Blood by Flannery O'Connor

Franny and Zooey by J.D. Salinger

White Teeth by Zadie Smith
Are You There God, It's Me Margaret by Judy Blume. 

Definitely more for a younger audience but it still seems like an integral book that gets passed down from mother to daughter. 
The Golden Notebook by Doris Lessing

My brilliant friend by Elena Ferrante (and the three others)

Down among the women by Fay Weldon
Wild Seed by Octavia Butler.

Of all the science fiction authors I've met and conversed with, Octavia Butler is my favorite. She's a deep, deep thinker and a great storyteller.
Maya Angelou's "Gather Together in My Name" about the teenage hardships she overcame to find her self confidence

"Everything" by Kevin Canty about grief, identity and growing up

"The Woman Who Owned the Shadows" by Paula Allen Gunn 

"Girls to the Front" by Sara Marcus about Riot Grrrl Nation

"Violence Girl" by Alice Bag, the memoir of an iconic Chicana punk rocker 

Edit: Forgot one!
"House of Earth" by Pearl S Buck 
Slouching Towards Bethlehem and Play It As It Lays by Joan Didion.

The Groves of Academe by Mary McCarthy.

Hateship, Friendship... by Alice Munro.

Money by Martin Amis (just to see how much agony due to masculinity a man can self-inflict upon himself). 

Wise Blood by Flannery O'Connor (hell, all of her stories).
> The Fountainhead by Ayn Rand

New list: 1 Author that Every Woman Should Avoid.
I'll make a pitch for How to be both by Ali Smith. 

Smith is just an incredible writer in general, but How to be both is also a great exploration of gender with some of the most poetic (yet unpretentious) writing I've read in a long time. 
Some 20th century additions:

Clarice Lispector - The Hour of the Star, Aqua Viva

Simone Weil - Notebooks

Gertrude Stein - both 'autobiographies', Geographical History of America

Susan Sontag - Against Interpretation

Anne Carson - Eros the Bittersweet, Plainwater

Hannah Arendt - The Human Condition, Life of the Mind

Susan Howe - anything


The Secret Garden > A Little Princess
Something by Marguerite Duras. Maybe The Lover? 
This list could use *The God of Small Things*: it's a beautiful novel about being a daughter, being a mother, and being in love with the wrong person, and I think it'll contribute nicely to the list's diversity (by an Indian writer, set in Kerala).
Great list! I would add:

*Wild Swans* by Jung Chang

*Zami* by Audre Lorde

*Middlemarch* by George Eliot

*Aquamarine* by Carol Anshaw

*Oranges are Not the Only Fruit* by Jeanette Winterson

*Snow Flower and the Secret Fan* by Lisa See

*Never Let Me Go* by Kazuo Ishiguro

*Girl With a Pearl Earring* by Tracy Chevalier
A Great and Terrible Beauty- Libba Bray
A Northern Light- Jennifer Donnelly
Hush- Donna Jo Napoli

All books I really connected to in adolescence.  
What about *Americanah* by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie? I felt that it gave an amazing perspective on the life, experiences, and struggles of a woman in modern America. Though it's got a lot of focus on issues regarding race and immigration, the issues of sexuality, personal identity, relationships, and responsibility play every bit as big of a part. Plus, the voice of the narrator is decidedly feminine in a genuine and natural way; it never felt tacky or forced.
Cool, I'm not a woman but I'd be stoked to read some women authors. Thanks for taking the time and sharing.
We Should All Be Feminists by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
I'm curious, why Frankenstein? I love it but it stuck to me on this list.
I've only read a handful of those. 
How about His Dark Materials by Philip Pullman?
I recommend The Stone Diaries by Carol Shields and The Diviners by Margaret Lawrence. 
I'd recommend A Thousand Splendid Suns by Khaled Hosseini for this list.
Caddie Woodlawn

Island of the Blue Dolphins 

Every other Laura Ingalls Wilder book 


I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings - Maya Angelou 

Joyce Carol Oates should be on this list, maybe Blonde or We Were the Mulvaneys.

The Hours, by Michael Cunningham 

Madame Bovary, by Gustav Flaubert

Rebecca, by Daphne du Maurier


Might I add one more to the growing list:
A Thousand Splendid Suns by Khaled Hosseini
The Red Tent by Anita Diamant
When Everything Changed: The Amazing Journey of American Women from 1960 to the Present by Gail Collins.  It was an incredibly important book for me.  I can't recommend it strongly enough.  It's a great read in addition to being important.
Tess of the D'Urbervilles by Thomas Hardy. Examines the unfair standards women were held to, still remarkably relevant today.
Just to turn a stereotype on its ear....

I want to point out that 80% of the comments are suggesting worthy additions to this list.  I read through the default page of comments on the men's list and saw lots of bitching about the merits (or lack thereof) of various named works, but very few recommendations for better titles (< 10%).


If we're listing classics, I'd include Antigone by Sophocles.
Couldn't it be argued that men would be the ones who should read gender studies works?

Also, why manga?
I recommend **My Life on the Road** by Gloria Steinem, **All The Single Ladies** by Rebecca Traister and **Yes Please** by Amy Poehler. And anything written by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie.
I have no less than 13 of those on my shelves right now. I'm totally going to throw in Shrill by Lindy West to this. Even if you aren't fat, the message, **Especially for women** is FABULOUS.
How about **Homegoing**
Faint Praise by Gail Pool
Women as Lovers by Elfriede Jelinek
Clan of the Cave Bear
Orange Is The New Black by Piper Kerman
The Secret Life of Bees by Sue Monk Kid. One of my fav coming of age novels with lots of great female characters.

I've been told by a friend's mom that The Mermaid Chair by the same author is also great, but that I shouldn't read it till I'm at least 30, which means its gonna get read very soon.
Tender Morsels by Margo Lanagan
_Sula_ by Toni Morrison. 
Biased but "The Age of Innocence" by Edith Wharton
*The Women's Room* by Marilyn French.
Dang, I've read fifty-six off the men's list and seventeen off the women's list.
Nervous Conditions by Tsitsi Dangarembga is also amazing.
The Yellow Wallpaper by Charlotte Perkins Gilman. Technically a short story, but definitely memorable.
I'd like to second The Bell Jar, How to be Both and Americanah.  Ali Smith's There but for the was also heartbreaking. 

Would also like to suggest Beloved by Toni Morrison, Wuthering Heights be Emily Bronte and I feel every woman should read at least one Jane Austen (even if it is to confirm you hate it). 

The Price of Salt, or Carol by Patricia Highsmith

The movie is pretty but doesn't quite do it justice. 
add The Door b Magda Szabo, Orlando by Virginia Woolf, Letters to a child never born by Oriana Fallaci.
Empress by Shan sa 
I'd add The Fifth Season by NK Jemisin to this list. Personally I think it's a modern classic, and definitely belongs on this list.
I also would like to recommend: "Bossypants" by Tina Fey.
What is even the point of this list? Seems like Spam to me.
Which is the one about fascism? 
my list is of books you should read is fairly short and simple.  
*ahem*  
  
"whatever you want"
Personally I think everybody sees something different in that book. It's a bit of a mirror. Come back and read it in ten years and you'll see it entirely differently.
Did you invent the word 'understandment'?
You can't read this book and judge Holden's character without understanding the serious mental health problems he's struggling with. 
This book is an excellent example of the "unreliable narrator". In Holden's perspective, he's kind of telling it like he sees it, and kind of telling it the way he *wants you to see it*. Problem is, he's young and ignorant and self centered, and also has some mental issues, so how he sees it is warped, and how he wants you to see things is off because he doesn't properly empathize with others. 

So he's trying to tell a story where he's the "hero", but it's easy to see that he's clumsily trying to brag about imaginary stuff to get approval. 
I think you completely missed the point of the book. In my opinion, not to offend. 

Holden is dealing with some serious mental issues (he is constantly depressed, likes nothing and talks about dying or committing  suicide more then once).

I'm not sure if you have dealt with depression but getting angry or disliking people easily is a possible aspect of depression. At the end he was (I'm pretty sure) in a mental institution. 

The story dives in to something much deeper then teenage rebellion because really Holden isn't much of a rebel at all. The only people he really liked were his dead brother (I think his passing had a lot to do with the mental issues), the nuns, the women on the bus and Pheobe. He never disrespected adults he just didn't like a lot of them. 

To me the book is about some one dealing with (probably) depression and trying to deal with the people around him along with coping with a distant family, the loss of his brother and his emotions. Really Holdeb makes me feel 'depressed as hell' as he would say. 

This is just my opinion, I'm not trying to offend you its just a new perspective. 


>Although while I was reading, I literally wanted to blow my brains out because Holden is the biggest piece of shit I have ever seen

Hyperbole much?
The Catcher in the Rye is one of those books you should absolutely re-read every few years. I've read it every year since I was 18 and I always find a new angle on it due to being a little older and a little wiser. It's okay if you don't feel like you understand it all right now. 
My perception is Holden's naivety of the world is only cured by not accepting society as it is but how he decides to view it as. 
Yeah I kinda remember hating that fucking kid throughout the entire book. He just spends the whole time whining even while all these interesting things are happening around him. Like why is he even breaking free and putting himself through all these experiences if he's not even gonna take a minute to enjoy them. Like, he got slapped around by a pimp on a misunderstanding. That's some cool shit. But no, the entire world is stupid and he's the only one who has any sense. When he's giving the metaphor about children in the rye, he's saying we're all children and he feels compelled to stop us from running off a cliff because we're so short sighted he can't trust us to know where the edges are. He thinks we're idiots and he's doing us all a favor by stressing out over the dangers that only he can see, but like who the fuck is he to assume we need a Catcher in the Rye? Should I be thankful for this service he's providing? I'm not a child, or at least I can run my life off a cliff if I want to. He's casting us as idiots and children to inflate his own ego and justify all the stressing he does anyway as like a service to society. He's just pretentious and boring is why he struggles to fit in, not because we're operating on a lower frequency than he is. In case you didn't notice throughout the book Holden is not exactly a genius. He's just a blowhard narcissist.
I personally hated Stephen Kings's sequel to the Shining, Doctor Sleep. It was a mediocre King novel at best, and a horrible sequel.

I'd have to say that Jurassic Park didn't need a sequel either.
For me it's Go Set A Watchmen. All it did was detract from To Kill a Mockingbird.
Charlie and the chocolate factory. Read the Wikipedia page on the next book. It gets quite ridiculous imo
It's ironic, but as soon as I saw the title of this thread, I thought of *The Vampire Chronicles*. I think Anne Rice's problem is that she can't write the present day. As long as she's writing in a historical setting, it's good. But as soon as the time switches to the present, it's awful. The same thing happened in *The Witching Hour*.
> I feel the same way about "Dune" first book is a classic, ignore the rest.

I just bought a copy of Dune...I've heard so many good things about it. Don't know when I'll get to it though, so many others on my to read pile. Shame to hear about the rest of the Dune series! Do you think it's worth it giving them at least a glance or would I be wasting my time?
Catch 22. Closing Time felt completely unnecessary and spoiled the cliffhanger ending to the first book. Wish I hadn't read it.
The Mote in God's Eye. Sequel was terrible. Original was genius. 
The Sparrow by Mary Doria Russell - the first book comes with my highest level of recommendation, it's stayed with me over the years. Really should have just left it there, no need for a follow up. 
The Old Testament. The new one was way too toned down to appeal to a wider audience.
There's three big classics of science fiction that got sequels which shouldn't have been bothered with. 

Ender's Game. Ironically the original was only fleshed out to novel length because Card wanted to establish the main character for "Speaker for the Dead" and the subsequent novels, but those were in no way as good as the original. Ender's Game is the epitome of hard sci-fi with a great single premise, whereas the sequels drift further and further into weird unrelated directions. 

Rendezvous with Rama. It was never intended to have a sequel, but Clarke was persuaded to work with Gentry Lee on one, and you can tell that it's almost all Lee. Different style, different vision. While not altogether terrible, I find the original cleaner, more focused, and it doesn't explain too much of the mystery. 

Ringworld. I never liked the original Ringworld as much as some people, because it seemed like the "plot" was really an excuse for the literary equivalent of scenery porn, showing off all the stuff that the characters ran in to along the way. But the sequel was pretty much just capitalizing on the success of the first, and didn't live up to standards. 
Australian kids grew up reading the Tomorrow series by John Marsden. It was absolutely iconic. 

And then he rebooted the series...
My Sweet Audrina by VC Andrews should have stayed a stand alone book. 
Not exactly one book, but the initial Earthsea trilogy should have stayed just that. Le Guin returned to the story some 20 years after writing the third book and, in my opinion, destroyed a lot of what was meaningful in the original trilogy. 
1066 and All That.

And Now All This only has one bit that is truly memorable.
Dune can get away with one or even two more books. But after that Herbert just beat a dead horse. And then his son came along.
*After You*, by JoJo Moyes. Enjoyable, but not really necessary.
Let's be honest, Cursed Child in the Harry Potter universe probably shouldn't have existed.  The original seven books should have been left alone.  I'm all for different stories about different characters set in the magical world, like the Fantastic Beasts movie, but Cursed Child was a disaster.  
The Gunslinger. I hate all the subsequent books. Susanna is the worst character in any book I've ever read and that stupid sentient train seemed like a bad short story idea. I loved the Gunslinger as a stand alone novel; the ending felt so complete, bold and final.
Annihilation, by Jeff Vandermeer. The first one is loaded with atmosphere, and has a good, ambiguous ending. The second one reads like a business audit, and the third one undoes all of the intrigue  with flashbacks filling in details we didn't care about.

The Hyperion Cantos, if that counts, the first two books can't do without each other. But the second two are just unnecessary. And A Canticle for Leibowitz. I haven't read the sequel, but it seems pointless too.
Thankfully the series is dying out and I haven't heard much about it for years, but the young adult series called Ranger's Apprentice really should have stopped about halfway through.  Or sooner.  

As a teen, that was the first series to truly disappoint me.  I haven't trusted long fantasy series since, and usually have to consult friends or reviews before I commit myself to reading books that I haven't heard of.  

Ranger's Apprentice is the poster child of a series full of potential, ruined by an author who started the series with no true vision in mind.  After a few books, you realized he had no idea where he wanted the story to go, and had no actual conclusion or ending in mind.  

The first books are set within a fantasy style world with monsters and evil tyrants, full of character development and good storytelling.  Then the monsters somehow just go away in the next books, never to be spoken of or heard from again.  Along with the evil tyrant guy.  Then the main characters start to basically reverse their development, polarizing into just a bland portrait of themselves.  This boy's a noble hero, this girl's a pretty diplomat, this man's a hardened veteran, blah blah blah.  

The author eventually had to release a book called the "Lost Chronicles" or some crap like that in order to fill the giant, gaping holes he left in the original books.  "Wait...they're MARRIED now??  WHEN DID THAT HAPPEN???"  Stuff like that.  It was just a disaster.  

I donated all of my copies to Goodwill and don't want to ever touch them again.  
Really, if you're looking for something "scary," I wouldn't put Stephen King in there, except for his short stories and maybe It.  There's plenty of other stuff out there, such as The Bird Box or The Troop, that's have great concepts, well executed.
I've read "It" and "Bag of Bones" and after both I think I've come to the conclusion that I might not get scared in literature and it just doesn't translate the same way for me as on TV or Film. Also I typically don't think Stephen King's books need to be as long as they are. 
Try The Stand by steven king. Much better.
Let the Right One In by John Ajvide Lindqvist
I think he writes horror but isn't scary per se.  I enjoyed Salem's Lot as I only got around to reading it a year or so ago and this was at a time when vampires were represented with an air of romance and mysticism about them, whereas the book was just..yeah they're vampires and they lure you in to kill you.  End of.
The movie terrified me when I was a child, but his books are more chilling, gory or funny IMO. 

Scariest book I ever read? Hmmm, Run-Blake Couch was super suspenseful, but I'm not sure if you would think it scary.
I loved *Salem's Lot*, but it wasn't scary. I liked the way he treated the vampires like zombies--a little bit like *Invasion of the Body Snatchers*. It was refreshing to see the trope get a monstrous treatment again, after years of Anne Rice's influence.

I thought some of the characters jumped through plot hoops, though. It made no sense why the girl (forget her name) and boy would go to that house alone. It struck me particularly ironic since King rails against characters jumping through plot hoops in the introduction of the edition I read.

Overall, I agree with some of the other posters; Stephen King is not scary, which is not to say I don't enjoy some of his writing. I've come to think if him as the quintessential American writer. he depicts the American low-and middle class culture well.

I think the scariest things I've read were in Haruki Murakami novels-- *The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle* anyone?
Salems lot entertained me, but didn't scare me. 

Pet Semetary scared me though. 
I wasn’t scared of Salem’s Lot, my mother was and still is even though she first stumbled across it as a kid . Similarly I wasn’t scared of IT because clowns don’t bother me, one of my coworkers hate clowns and was terrified of it. My younger sister is scared of ventriloquist dummies and, even now she’s in her 20s, is still scared of the Goosebumps books with Slappy in them. I’m not a massive fan of slugs, so when they were eating people in Slugs by Shaun Hutchinson? I was terrified even though other people I know who read it just found it a little creepy/disgusting/stupid. 

I think that with horror books is they’re only going to be outright scary if you yourself are outright scared of what’s in them. If it’s not about something you are scared of yourself then you’re just going to be reading something creepy/unsettling. I’m not saying that’s a bad thing, but if people are looking for a book to terrify them then they should find a book about something that they’re actually scared of. Then it will actually be terrifying.
I thought the same thing about Cujo! Not scary, and honestly kind of boring. It's not even an issue of "cell phones make the plot irrelevant," which they sort of do, but could be written around. It just wasn't that thrilling.
Will they be reading Hamlet or Macbeth in 500 years as often as they do today?
I wonder if 50 or so years is enough time for the greatness of a work to be established. 100 years ago, Rudyard Kipling (still writing at that time) was considered one of the greatest writers ever, ranked above Dickens and the other greats of the 19th Century. Who reads him now, beyond a handful of academics and aficionados?

I wonder whether future generations will ignore the self-regarding fictions of Europe and North America. Our novels are usually fixed in a time and a place in ways that Shakespeare really isn't - which might account for why so many productions of his plays bring the action forward to a 20th or 21st Century setting. Which novels, - including modern novels set in the past - move beyond the culture of their own time and place? Which will still speak to future generations?
If this topic really interests you, I strongly recommend you listen to [Chuck Klosterman speak on this topic on EconTalk] (http://www.econtalk.org/archives/2016/08/chuck_klosterma.html).

Chuck makes the point that it's almost impossible to make such predictions now, because the mark of greatness is defined by how well a work connects with future readers - not by how well it connects with contemporary readers.

It's a compelling argument and an interesting listen!  And free!
Battlefield Earth.  Yeah, you're laughing now but you won't be laughing when the Scientologists take over.
Harold Robbins, Jacqueline Suzanne.
Realistically, without just naming my favorite books but ones I think will stand the test of 500 years for the impact they made to the genre... Harry Potter. I want to say Game of Thrones but I don't think it will(for the same reasons I don't think LoTR will be read). And... I'm not sure what else. So many I love and I think are better than HP or GoT, but none that will last 500 years.
Shakespeare for Dummies
In 500 years no one will be reading anything. We will have developed the ability to impute feelings and ideas directly into the minds of individuals. The physical process of reading words and processing language will have likely fallen out before 2500. Honestly I'm probably way off, but I would say that my prediction is on the conservative side and the reality will be more dramatic. 500 years ago the things we're doing now would be considered magic. Given the arch of technological progress, its difficult to say where we will be 100 years from now, let alone 500. The aspect of literature that have kept classics modern are things which speak to the fundamental nature of the human condition. With the onset of trans-humanism, what it means to be human could change drastically. If anything, we'll be reading classics to get a feel for what it was like to be human, but it'll probably be preferable (alot more fun) for us to run ancestor sims instead. Why read shakespeare when you can live through a simulation as one of his major characters?
As often as Shakespeare in a school setting? Maybe nothing?

Tip: For a very interesting discussion about *Macbeth* (which may help enhance appreciation for the play), check out [this interview of Kenneth Branagh about playing him in a production from a few years back](https://charlierose.com/videos/21532). WARNING: Plot spoilers!
Written kids stories weren't really a thing 500 years ago, but since things are much different now I wouldn't be massively surprised if *Harry Potter* is a classic series of kids' tales in the future. Sort if in the same way our kids now still read Beatrix Potter's works, but with more of a time gap. Some stories are just timeless.

In terms of 'adult' books, I think a few of the great American authors will continue to be popular, but they're mostly a little outside of the scale of dates that OP provides. Could Cormac McCarthy and Philip Roth still be up there?
Harry Potter perhaps? LotR is already quite old and still read 
That's a tough one to call, I'm struggling to think of anything I actually think will endure. Most stuff that lasts for centuries tends to do so because it was the first to do something. LotR basically gave us fantasy as we know it today. Shakespeare famous for his use of language and pretty much inventing the "classy" insult. 

So, taking some popular books of today - Twilight, Harry Potter, The Martian, 50 Shades of Grey as examples, sure they are wildly popular but none are really groundbreaking or the pinnacle of literature. JK Rowling herself admits writing herself into a corner and having to add pieces just to cover the potential plot holes. Twilight and 50 Shades are mass produced pieces of trash. No-one talks about them now, never mind 500 years. 

I'm sure there are books that will endure 500 years that have been published recently, but I doubt it will be anything that is insanely popular now, and I'm sure it's nothing I've read recently. 
Infinite Jest, because no one actually reads shakespeare.
It's impossible to predict, and it might be that nothing from our era will be remembered as much in the future as he is now. After all, nothing from a century before Shakespeare or a century after is quite so well remembered, there is no guarantee of any era  having such a champion.

Shakespeare's enduring fame might have something to do with the fact that the 400 (not 500) years since he died coincide with the rise of English as a global language, and such a language needs a poet-hero on a similarly swollen scale.

I can see the next centuries bringing a fracturing of culture in some ways, rather than further homogenisation, as technology means people can have their own customised interests. Which means the age of universally recognised superstars may be ending.
I'd argue Heinlein has a decent chance of being on that list.  While the "science" part of his sci-fi will likely be horribly dated, the underlying political themes I think will still be relevant.

If we slightly stretch the timeline, we can include Starship Troopers (1959), thus rounding out what i think of as his "political trilogy"; with Starship Troopers representing militarism/fascism, Stranger in a Strange Land representing communism/socialism, and The Moon is a Harsh Mistress representing libertarianism/anarchism.

In 500 years its hard to imagine what technology or an average life will look like, but i strongly suspect our political systems and debates will still touch on those themes.
*Dune* seems like a fair candidate.
*The FALL OUT BOY story*.  The tale of the band's rise to INTERNATIONAL FAME and ROCK STARDOM invokes a larger cultural narrative of the rags-to-riches rise of the everyman to ROCK and ROLL GLORY!
In 500 years there will be no more books. Data will just flow freely through all. And all will be one. 
Eh, it's not really a list
my best sex scenes in a book will forever be the one in dean koontz' "servants of twilight". 

i will shamelessly say that 13 yo me would even fap when re-reading the two main sex scenes inside.
I don't encounter very many great sex scene since I tend to read more murder/comedy and when they do popup it is usually either very vague/bland or humorous. But this one book, I think it was called Bad Boys Online, definitely got me to blush, and I highly doubt those would be considered great either.. I think I'll just have to stick to the real thing X_X
The writer of the article, a man, chooses at least as many women  authors as men, and mentions Sarah Waters very favourably. I would agree. The desperate sex in *The Paying Guests* (which he doesn't mention) is as good as anything I've ever read.
Robert Olen Butler did good in "They whisper".
If you want to read classics, read classics. GR will then recommend them to you. But yeah, Harry Potter is the highest rate book on GR(well, I think it still is) but books that are pushed on readers for high school get low ratings because, inevitably, people don't like them. I don't think there is a perfect system out there - it will inevitably have this flaw. 
I swear many readers on goodreads are young adult readers. This is not a bad thing in itself, but it does seem nearly every book that isn't an incredibly popular YA book is going to end up with a poor rating, for the most part. It's unfortunate because goodreads is a great system overall, but the ratings don't have much relevance to me anymore when trying to choose a book.
It depends what sort of reader you are. I like a particular kind of fiction, including books that are regarded as classics. Many readers on Goodreads don't rate those books very highly, so they don't get good scores. So I find other sources, such as reviews from newspapers and websites I've found reliable in the past.
Given than GoodReads is largely a mobile social media driven platform, it makes sense that the demographic skews YA. A lot of the historical classics probably haven't been assigned to them in class yet. This isn't good or bad necessarily... I find Goodreads useful for knowing what the next trend is going to be (the next HP, Hunger Games, Ready Player One, etc). I like to keep up on these new trends even though I'm middle aged because those are going to be the cultural reference points for the next wave of young adults (eventually the doctors and lawyers I'll be relying on). For classics, avoid the mass ratings and find some people you admire or respect and read their specific reviews. 
Rating matters more or less. I have read many horribly written books with astonishingly high rating in Goodreads. Once every few months I have to look up the definition if "amazing" (five-stars on Goodreads) just because of how frequently people rate poorly written books five-stars. 
comparing goodreads ratings is worthless, like comparing apples to oranges
Goodreads is a shithole. Don't go by their ratings.
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17250961-oathbringer
this book isn't out yet but has given 5 stars 365 times. I like goodreads but their rating system is flawed.
I just checked my mass market edition and all the page numbers are in the right order. There are numerous reprintings, so it seems like yours got a bit messed up. :/
Brandon Sanderson did an AMA here [you might want to take a look](http://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/2ytg2h/im_novelist_brandon_sanderson_ama/)      :) [Here's a link to all of our upcoming AMAs](http://www.reddit.com/r/books/wiki/amafullschedule)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/books) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Not this book exactly, but I have had printings like this before. Some sort of publishing mishap. 
It's usually a printing issue, if you take it into a bookstore and show them they'll usually let you get a replacement copy no questions asked since it's defective 
For manga, check if instocktrades ships to the UK.  I order graphic novels from them and they're pretty much the gold standard for packaging those.
Try having them shipped separately so they are shipped tightly in a box their size.
I recommend Snow Crash. It's a hilarious thriller which describes a dystopian United States in which the internet, suburbanization and franchise-stores are catapulted to their logical extremes
I'm a huge fan of Ray Bradbury. 

My rec:
Fahrenheit 451 is short, so knock that one out first then choose one of the other two. I'd choose Brave New World. It has more impact and left me thinking more than 1984 did (although it also is a great read). 
read neuromancer, yes I know it's actually cyberpunk, but cyberpunk and dystopian are really close. It's also amazing
Don't want to give anything away, but personally, I find 1984 to be the most effective of the three, because it's also the most plausible. The others raised interesting issues, but they just didn't ring true to me in the same way that 1984 did - the worlds they presented seemed more...exaggerated, I guess. Like, they're what things would be like if we took certain things to their extreme conclusions, but I couldn't see our civilization actually looking quite like that.
I've read a lot of this type of fiction. I like them in exactly the order listed, but they are all fantastic. 
Brave New World was amazing. I loved Fahrenheit 451. 1984 was good, but my least favourite of the three.

The first word that comes to mind when I think of each:

* Fahrenheit 451 - Censorship
* Brave New World - Technology
* 1984 - Dictatorship

Pick which sounds the most interesting to you. I think 1984 is the most topical, and while I love Fahrenheit 451 a lot, Brave New World really astounded me when I read it with how prescient it was.
I really wanna read *A Clockwork Orange* sometime since I love the film. It fits in with this genre
Dystopian novels are my favorite genre. So saying I like all three isn't a huge surprise.

But Brave New World is possibly my all time favorite book. 1984 and Fahrenheit 451 are both good, but Brave New World is captivating. The dysfunction of the utopia is more interesting and more inventive (at least I think) than the other two. Read them and tell me what you think. 
Those are very important books but not just sci-fi.  You should really read Asimov, Philip k. Dick; Robert Heinlein's The Moon Is A Harsh Mistress is a good one.
I didn't find brave new world that enjoyable as i was reading it, but it really had me thinking about it after i was done.
I wouldn't start with Brave New World. It's an incredibly intelligently written book and probably has the most relevance to the current state of the world but it is... not... exciting.

1984 is the most entertaining read as an actual story, not to say it's not intelligent and meaningful but also, on the simplest, most immediate level it's the most exciting. I'd say Fahrenheit 451 is somewhere between the two.
Considering that those three are each very slim reads, you could read all three within a week (a weekend even). After that, there's a whole world of books.
This discussion happens at least once a week, and there's even an infographic comparing *1984* and *Brave New World* out there somewhere.

I personally think Brave New World is the most unnerving and relevant. People are so distracted by sex, shiny objects, and entertainment that they don't even notice they're being suppressed and getting dumber. Just replace the real orgies with the social media validation orgy that we have now.

Of course, 1984 is also pretty dead on in some places like big government surveillance state, censorship, etc.

Another recommendation: God Bless You Mr. Rosewater, by Kurt Vonnegut. Many amusing observations on our weird society.
> There is in our future a TV or Internet populism, in which the emotional response of a selected group of citizens can be presented and accepted as the Voice of the People.

Made me stop and think. This is already happening.
OMG this guy is a beast.

THIS (amazing) quote from 1995:
There is in our future a TV or Internet populism, in which the emotional response of a selected group of citizens can be presented and accepted as the Voice of the People.
Even better is his essay on pinball:

You don’t play pinball with just your hands, you play it with the groin too. The pinball problem is not to stop the ball before it’s swallowed by the mouth at the bottom, or to kick it back to midfield like a halfback. The problem is to make it stay up where the lighted targets are more numerous and have it bounce from one to another, wandering, confused, delirious, but still a free agent. And you achieve this not by jolting the ball but by transmitting vibrations to the case, the frame, but gently, so the machine wont’ catch on and say Tilt. You can only do it with the groin, or with a play of the hips that makes the groin not so much bump, as slither, keeping you on this side of an orgasm. And if the hips move according to nature, it’s the buttocks that supply the forward thrust, but gracefully, so that when the thrust reaches the pelvic area, it is softened, as in homeopathy, where the more you shake a solution and the more the drug dissolves in the water added gradually, until the drug has almost entirely disappeared, the more medically effective and potent it is. Thus from the groin an infinitesimal pulse is transmitted to the case, and the machine obeys, the ball moves against nature, against inertia, against gravity, against the law of dynamics, and against the cleverness of its constructor, who wanted it disobedient. The ball is intoxicated with vis movendi, remaining in play for memorable and immemorial lengths of time. But a female groin is required, one that interposes no spongy body between the ileum and the machine, and there must be no erectile matter in between, only skin, nerves, padded bone sheathed in a pair of jeans, and a sublimated erotic fury, a sly frigidity, a disinterested adaptability to the partner’s response, a taste for arousing desire without suffering the excess of one’s own: the Amazon must drive the pinball crazy and savor the thought that she will then abandon it.
Outstanding essay, the part about syncretism is great:

>This new culture had to be syncretistic. Syncretism is not only, as the dictionary says, “the combination of different forms of belief or practice”; such a combination must tolerate contradictions. Each of the original messages contains a silver of wisdom, and whenever they seem to say different or incompatible things it is only because all are alluding, allegorically, to the same primeval truth.

>As a consequence, there can be no advancement of learning. Truth has been already spelled out once and for all, and we can only keep interpreting its obscure message.

>One has only to look at the syllabus of every fascist movement to find the major traditionalist thinkers. The Nazi gnosis was nourished by traditionalist, syncretistic, occult elements. The most influential theoretical source of the theories of the new Italian right, Julius Evola, merged the Holy Grail with The Protocols of the Elders of Zion, alchemy with the Holy Roman and Germanic Empire. The very fact that the Italian right, in order to show its open-mindedness, recently broadened its syllabus to include works by De Maistre, Guenon, and Gramsci, is a blatant proof of syncretism.

>If you browse in the shelves that, in American bookstores, are labeled as New Age, you can find there even Saint Augustine who, as far as I know, was not a fascist. But combining Saint Augustine and Stonehenge—that is a symptom of Ur-Fascism

This is very interesting in the context of the right-wing internet meme discussion. Through Eco's lens the combination of pop-cuture and far-right ideology is actually fascist as fuck
This is part of a collection called Five Moral Pieces. Check it out some time.
I love Umberto Eco, so you're always going to get easy karma from me. I don't think there are many intellectuals who were so consistently under-rated as Eco. Thanks for the post.
For a more academic approach to the study of Fascism, Robert Paxton's *Anatomy of Fascism* is the best introduction to the subject. 
He's a semiologist.
What's a good book to start on if I want to read more of Eco? I have a copy of The Name of the Rose  but never got around to reading it.
> Wherever a politician casts doubt on the legitimacy of a parliament because it no longer represents the Voice of the People, we can smell Ur-Fascism.
[removed]
Sadly Umberto Eco is another victim of 2016.

RIP
If you liked this article, you should try "The Mysterious Flame of Queen Loana”, which is essentially this article in extended, semi-fictional format. It's the only Eco I've read. There were bizarre moments, and the pastiche was overwhelming at times, but overall it had a through-line of plot to follow, and it wasn't terribly esoteric. Reading this article was like seeing Eco play with the seedlings that he would eventually grow into the forest of "Queen Loana"
A must-read follow up to this essay is Ibn Warraq's "Islam, the Middle East and Fascism", in which Warraq, pivoting off Eco, shows how Islam matches the "ur-Fascism" describe by Eco.

http://ibnwarraq.com/islam-middle-east-and-fascism/

the most telling and fun part are those in here who see themselves as above this and are making snide comments about how the 'liberals' or 'the right' are so dumb and totally ur-facists.

&nbsp;

but I think that is the point, elements of it exist in every group as it's lowest common denominator. It's really tempting to engage in that way/methodology, because it is rewarding on a very core level. 

&nbsp;

While I immediately associated most of these points as aspects of the current right, on second thought I am glossing over similarities with the left, and holes in my own brand of that ideology. I should reflect and 'check myself' from falling into the traits or patterns Eco lays out.

&nbsp;

At least, that's what I took from the closing paragraph.








Absolutely essential, specially today. 
Back in the late 90's I was changing planes in the DFW airport and they paged Umberto Eco. Or perhaps it was another guy with the same name.

Either way, someone really wanted a guy named Umberto Eco to call 52480 from the nearest white courtesy phone.

I know it's not related to the essay; but I remember Eco as a really top notch sort of thinker. I thought maybe if I paged him we could have a coffee and chat. But I had a plane to catch. I also saw a guy lugging a cesium clock around in the same airport around the same era. Strange place.
Wow, truly great writing is such a joy to read. Look at how he structures his sentences and the breaking of the paragraphs... 
This is a fantastic essay! Thank you /u/CandersonNYC for posting it!!
Really fantastic essay. Very relevant too
White page with a white scroll bar? Who the fuck designed that shit?
Mentioned [here](http://www.spiegel.de/international/zeitgeist/can-donald-trump-be-called-a-fascist-a-1122035.html) too,
I barely think I kind of understand what he's getting at. Just wanted to say, y'all are some smart cookies.
I enjoyed this article a lot. I love Eco's writing.  After I read Foucault's Pendulum, I couldn't stop myself from reading all of his other novels. 

This is also an unexpectedly good read: https://mitpress.mit.edu/books/how-write-thesis
This is incredibly good. The part about creating new words made me stop and think
Interesting and insightful, but it takes a special kind of wishful thinking to claim the Nazis were anti-Christian. They had "God with us" belt buckles, for crying out loud. 
This paragraph near the end is chillingly familiar.

> Ur-Fascism speaks Newspeak. Newspeak was invented by Orwell, in 1984, as the official language of Ingsoc, English Socialism. But elements of Ur-Fascism are common to different forms of dictatorship. All the Nazi or Fascist schoolbooks made use of an impoverished vocabulary, and an elementary syntax, in order to limit the instruments for complex and critical reasoning.
No harm intended with this, but I read the article and it seems that Eco had a lot of sympathy for communism? I also read on the internet that he wanted the Communist Manifesto to be taught at school. 
Not sure how much I got out of this (I've studied fascism extensively in school), but I would translate blut und boden as blood and soil or blood and ground and I'd use Erde for earth. It may not technically be incorrect (earth has a double meaning being the planet and soil in English and maybe also German - I'm relatively good at conversational German but I don't know that - if you use it, I'll get it ;), but just for context in translation I make that distinction.
Unfortunately Eco's criteria are so vague they can be applied to almost any -ism.  Take liberalism:

1. "This new culture had to be syncretistic."  Yes, liberalism takes on parts of FDR, parts of Kennedy, parts of Clinton, etc. They don't embrace the whole set of their beliefs.

2. "Traditionalism implies the rejection of modernism." Yes, they reject modern capitalism, industrialism, materialism, corporations, etc. and want us to revert to a simpler time of smaller businesses, local collectives, organic farming, consuming less resources, putting the land and animals above to needs of humans, etc.

3. "Irrationalism also depends on the cult of action for action’s sake. Action being beautiful in itself, it must be taken before, or without, any previous reflection. Thinking is a form of emasculation." While it's easy to paint conservatives with this brush, it applies to liberals too.  SJWs demand immediate action and reparations whenever there is a perceived slight, and refuse to "reflect" on whether or not their demands are reasonable in light of other rights, such as free speech.

4. "No syncretistic faith can withstand analytical criticism." This is basically restating 3 in a different way.  Liberals refuse any analytical criticism of policies like affirmative action or unrestricted illegal immigration or trigger warnings or safe spaces.

5. ...

6. "Ur-Fascism derives from individual or social frustration."  Pretty much liberalism in a nutshell.  But EVERY -ism, if it is to appeal to someone, must appeal to them because they are frustrated by something and the -ism offers an answer to it.

7. ...

8. "The followers must feel humiliated by the ostentatious wealth and force of their enemies." This is certainly more true of liberals than conservatives.

9. "For Ur-Fascism there is no struggle for life but, rather, life is lived for struggle. Thus pacifism is trafficking with the enemy. It is bad because life is permanent warfare."  Again, this applies quite well to liberalism, or almost any -ism that's a minority.  It's always a constant struggle to spread your -ism.  SJWs go out of their way to find something to be offended over.  Whites as a whole can never NOT be "racist" to a liberal, because that would mean the struggle is ended.

10. ...

11. "In such a perspective everybody is educated to become a hero."  Again, liberalism.  Everyone is a the best at being themselves, everyone is valued, everyone gets a trophy.

12. ...

13. "For Ur-Fascism, however, individuals as individuals have no rights, and the People is conceived as a quality, a monolithic entity expressing the Common Will."  This is certainly far closer to Hillary Clinton's "It Takes a Village" than to the right's notion of rugged individualism.

14. "Ur-Fascism speaks Newspeak."  It is certainly the left that pushes PC speech, which while not Newspeak, is certainly closer to it than any speech restrictions conservatives propose.  As Wikipedia says, "The aim of Newspeak is to remove all shades of meaning from language, leaving simple concepts..."  Certainly by labeling any thought or argument with simple terms like "racist", "sexist", "xenophobic", etc. you reduce complex positions to easy to understand, black and white terms.

Anyway, all of the above isn't to say that Liberalism is any closer to Fascism than Conservatism.  It's to say that any -ism, particular one that is not widely embraced and thus is at odds with other -isms, will display similar characteristics.
Speaking of Italians who wrote about fascism:


Emilio Lussu, author of an excellent memoir of the Alpine Front in WWI, Sardinian Brigade, also wrote a book about the rise of fascisim in Italy post World War: ["Road to exile: the story of a Sardinian patriot"](http://content.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,770347,00.html)


I need to buy an english copy.  
That was a brilliant read, thanks for posting it. TIL about syncretism in fascism.
> Wherever a politician casts doubt on the legitimacy of a parliament because it no longer represents the Voice of the People, we can smell Ur-Fascism.
The part about the possibility of an internet mindset similar to fascism was way ahead of its time. Lets hope history isn't on track to repeat itself in the US with the rapidly growing polarization of groups that identify as individuals in different ways and the New Speak of political correctness: triggered, microaggressions, entitlement, privilage, social justice...and the list goes on and on. Its awesome we are talking about this stuff finally but everyday I feel more and more like we are talking about it in entirely the wrong way
So, does liberal fascism exist?
I love it when liberals or conservatives lose an election then there's a sudden burst of them reading up on topics of fascism so they can at least have some honesty in understanding what they are yelling about the other side. Unfortunately it only lasts a few weeks and they get discouraged and suffer massive cognitive dissonance when they realize most of what they are reading about fascism can be attributed to their own thoughts and politicis.
Damn, commenting so I can pick this up again later. 
> Wherever a politician casts doubt on the legitimacy of a parliament because it no longer represents the Voice of the People, we can smell Ur-Fascism.

Except, you know, when it happens to be *true*.
Just because something is a 'political smell' doesn't mean that it also can't be the thing we suppose it to be.

Lets not fall for the fallacy of the excluded middle.

Edit: words.
As the degeneracy of capitalism is now impossible to hide, I think fascism needs to be looked at again as the only system that works.

I don't think this is r/outstandingessays.  It is r/books
More irrelevant today than ever
If someone's analysis of a political movement or ideology comprises no less than 14 broad features which typify it, you can be sure that they have failed utterly to understand it.
[removed]
Good read, even though he doesn't know what he's talking about. 
Hello, sorry for bed england 
Lefties would do well to read this. The increasing use of laws to stop people expressing themselves is a real worry.
I still read mainly white authors but I have been trying to spread out the viewpoints I'm taking in a bit and have been intentionally picking up more books by nonwhite/non-American-or-British authors. Of 96 books, 27 were by authors who are not white (and of the 9 books on my to-read pile on my coffee table, 4 are by nonwhite authors - 1 is translated from Korean). 
What am I, an accountant?
I was wondering the same thing earlier this year, so I took a tally and came up with about 30% women and 15% foreign or minority authors.  Only one LGBT+ book this year; meant to do more but got caught up in other business.    

Of course, there's always some judgment involved, and the question about how much it matters.  One of the authors I'm reading now (Dan Clark) is a US citizen born in Japan to a Japanese mother, but I didn't know that when I started the book, and his heritage isn't a big part of the story.  If I were to give him a label,  "TV star", "athlete", and "addict" would come well before "Asian American."  
100% because I'm not white. :\ 

I did read some authors of color as well, but never my color. 

I've definitely read some translations this year, though. I don't know how I feel about them. I always feel like I'm missing something by reading a translation, but English is the only language I can read. (I can speak others.) 
No idea. I'm more concerned with whether or not a book sounds like a good read than I am with the sex or the ethnicity of the author. I don't even check the author's bio unless I've finished the book and am interested in finding more from them.

So it could be 100%, or it could be 0%. Looking at the authors whose works I've devoured this year, it's somewhere in there.

It's a meaningless statistic, thankfully, as anyone can write a good book, regardless of sex or upbringing.
Around 60% by POC. 70% by women.
Well im swedish and i read books in english by authors who have books published in english, their ethnicity or other group belonging has no importance to me.

It can be a transgender gay chinese dwarf for all i care, i care about what they write.
Not sure about the percentage, but I've been working through Marquez, Borges, and Bolano in Spanish.  My wife is from Argentina, so I've been studying Spanish since we got married.  Words seem to stick with me when I read them in their context, rather than on note cards.  
I read the books that I find interesting. I'm a sucker for a good story but it just so happens that 100% of books I've read this year are by white men. It doesn't mean anything. Those are just the books I'm interested in.
Like 98%. 

I applaud you for wanting to reach out and experience new and different perspectives. Not sure why that is tough, though. 
Good question! It made me curious about my stats. For the year, I'm at:

* 27% non-white

* 34% either non-white or not originally in English

* 42% women

I have definitely been making an effort this year to add some diversity to my reading. But you're right, it is hard. Let's see if I can do better next year.
If manga counts, more than 50%. If not, probably something low. I read Underground Railroad by Colson Whitehead. I really hope that isn't the only black author I read this year, I would feel super white because Underground Railroad is the book all white people say they read this year to sound cultured.

EDIT: I just recalled I read the recently-concluded Chinese sci-fi trilogy The Three Body Problem over the summer. It was cool seeing the cultural differences, especially when they talk about China's birth restriction laws and act like the rest of the world is stupid for not having them, too.
I started keeping a spreadsheet a few years ago for this! When I started in 2014, I was worse off than where you are -- 17% authors of colour, 42% non-American, 42% female. Suboptimal, to say the least.

I've read 47 books in 2016 (so far). Currently, I'm at 48% female, 36% authors of colour, 48% non-American. I'm finishing up three books simultaneously right now that are by non-white, non-American authors (and two of them are by female authors), so that will bring the numbers up a bit more.

My goal is to be 50:50 M/F, 60:40 American:non, 60:40 white:POC for 2016. 

Once you start paying attention, it gets easier as you go -- the first part is hard, but as you discover new areas and genres that you like, it's a lot more satisfying. The hardest thing for me is still reading non-american-centric, just as a factor of where I live.

For 2017, I think my challenge to myself will be to cut out white American male authors (or at least not include them in my reading goal for the year) -- it's just so *easy* to fall into them, and I want to break the habit. 
9/93  that I know of, I don't feel like going through all the books I read to see if the author is white or not.
Since I started counting my books in mid-May, and ignoring books which were re-reads: 15.6%.
Looking at my list for this year, it looks like the only books I read by someone who wasn't a white American or British person were *Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind* by Yuval Noah Harari and *A Wild Sheep Chase* by Haruki Murakami.

That's 2 out of 107 books (which includes all the graphic novels I've read this year as well).
I've read 44 books so far this year, and am currently working on *A Brief History of Seven Killings* by the black Jamaican author Marlon James.

**Authors who are not white**

*Things Fall Apart* by Chinua Achebe  
*The Autograph Man* by Zadie Smith  
*Two Years Eight Months and Twenty-Eight Nights* by Salman Rushdie  

**Authors who are not white in translation**

*The Vegetarian* by Han Kang

**White authors in translation**

*Candide, or Optimism* by Voltaire  
*The Hundred Year Old Man Who Climbed Out of the Window and Disappeared* by Jonas Jonasson  
*The Latecomer* by Dimitri Verhulst  
*The Reader on the 6.27* by Jean-Paul Didierlaurent   
*Foucault's Pendulum* by Umberto Eco  
*Look Who's Back* by Timur Vermes

Honourable mentions for Lloyd Jones, author of *Mister Pip* from New Zealand and two or three of the illustrators who worked on graphic novels I read.

So, I'm just over 77% on white, English speaking authors, pretty similar to you. I gave all of the above at least three stars on goodreads so they may be worth you looking into if there are any you haven't read.
Unless I like the works of the author enough to follow their blog and/or look them up on Wikipedia, all I have to go by regarding their ethnicity is their name, which really isn't much. As a result, I really dont have any particular idea about this. 
That said, since I'm Indian, around 90% of what I read is written by someone of a different ethnicity.
I never really consider this an issue. It's interesting to see how people discuss it and see authors mentioned that are offering other perspectives, but I can't say I'd ever even consider this a driving force towards reading a certain text.
Not many this year, unfortunately. I do love reading diversely though and have books on my shelf or on my wishlist that would fit the bill. 
I only read about 15% from translations this year but a few years
ago I read about 60 translations for that year it must have been 
75% of what I read.  
I made a bit of an effort to read some books that were originally in another language, but I had a lot of books I wanted to read this year so after a few I kind of forgot.  Out of the 50 books I've read this year, the following 3 were translated:

* **The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up** by Marie Kondo, a non-fiction book about throwing away most of your stuff.

* **The Vegetarian** by Han Kang, a short horror novel.

* **Paprika** by Yasutaka Tsutsui, a surreal sci-fi novel about lucid dreaming.  There's a really great anime film based off it.
32% authors from a different country but..
18% authors from countries that speak a different language than me (AKA not English)
4% different race
89% by men

I don't really pay much attention to where the authors are from when I'm looking for books so it's kind of interesting to see how it turned out. I also read a lot of sci-fi/fantasy so it doesn't always effect the setting of the book or anything. I'm thinking about trying to do the read around the world thing so I read more books by authors from different places and learn more about the different places in the process. 
Out of 134 books read so far:

51 by women authors

8 by non-white authors

13 by non-English speaking authors

(There is some overlap in these categories.)

ETA: Not going to list all the books by women, but here are the other ones:

**Non-white, English-speaking:**

Kindred by Butler, Octavia E. 

The Kizuna Coast by Massey, Sujata

The School for Good and Evil (books 1 and 2) by Chainani, Soman

The Fall of Rome by Southgate, Martha
	 
Rich and Pretty by Alam, Rumaan

**Non-English speaking:**

The Dinner by Koch, Herman (German)

From Bruges with Love by Aspe, Pieter (Flemish)

Solitary: The Crash, Captivity and Comeback of an Ace Fighter Pilot by Romm, Giora (Hebrew)

Snowpiercer 3: Terminus by Bocquet, Olivier (French)

Wind/Pinball: Two Novels by Murakami Haruki (Japanese)

Native: Dispatches from an Israeli-Palestinian Life by Kashua, Sayed (Hebrew)

And So Is the Bus: Jerusalem Stories by Birstein, Yossel (Hebrew)

War and Turpentine by Hertmans, Stefan (Flemish)

The End of Days by Erpenbeck, Jenny (German)

Rhinoceros and Other Plays by Ionesco, Eugène (French)
	
The Invoice by Karlsson, Jonas (Swedish)
	
Styx by Dhooge, Bavo (Flemish)
	
The Subsidiary by Celedón, Matías (Spanish)
I've read 62 books so far this year, 58% of them by women and 9% by POC. Only 4% were translated from their original language.
Japanese books translated into english. About 90% manga (japanese comic) and 10% light novel (special version of a novel, translated from japanese to english)

I think the interesting stuff when reading books from other culture is, that they got other ideas or approaches at things and because of this you can find interesting plots.
>I've been making a big effort to read books by authors who either aren't white or were originally published in a language other than English

But why? What's your motive, your goal?
i read ulysses by james joyce and chelsea horror hotel by dee dee ramone. are those books the same perspective because they are by white dudes? i'm confused
No idea, I don't pay attention to an author's color, creed, nationality or sex and I think doing so or buying a book because 'oh some Japanese bisexual wrote this -- or oh some American white guy wrote this' is pretty silly and feels like just something you can say at dinner parties to sound super liberal etc. I dunno my favorite author at the moment is a different sex to me if that means anything.
Wtf they're even trying to make /r/books more "diverse" now. 
While the difficulty of Milton can be interpreted a as a matter of knowledge, I tend to feel it's a matter of style: it doesn't matter how much you've read before, Paradise Lost is always going to be difficult to read. 

With that in mind, I would just dive in; but reading it out loud might be the thing that keeps you getting through it. Each book is about 1hr long or read; so not too much; even if you don't get it, at least you've seen and heard all the words and you can start to get on with it. 
It definitely is a matter of knowledge as much as style. The difference is, however, that you can get used to the Miltons style with time and effort. The gap in knowledge can't be bridged by a more concentrated reading because the answers lie embedded elsewhere in third party literature and historical traditions. If you don't understand an overt reference, then you just won't get much of PL. There is also the fact that you don't know what you don't know, and hence you will be completely unaware that the covert or layered meanings are there at all.

Therefore, if you're worried that a lack of background knowledge is going to cut you off from better understanding it, try picking up a copy of the *Norton Critical* edition. It contains a huge number of footnotes that explain nuances in the text, such as allusions to the Greek epics, Biblical history and passages, Milton's meaning of words (eg. 'list' means 'wish', 'sublimed' means 'vaporised', 'equaled' means 'killed', etc.), and rearranges the syntax of important lines to make the meaning clearer - among other useful things.
"Foreword to This Edition" and "Introduction", usually found at the beginning of the book.
If I'm embarking on something epic, I might read the Cliff Notes or at least keep it handy whilst I read it. I never used to do this but I got about 70 pages into Paradise Lost and felt like I didn't "get it" (my husband really enjoys Milton and I felt like I was missing out!)

/u/kempff 's comments are spot on, for when you begin reading the book. Don't save the introduction and forward for last.

Going deeper, I would suggest that you try *Lycidas*, first, which is a nice short (hour or less) read indicative of Milton's style. If you like his style, I would return the copy of *Paradise Lost* you got and get an academic version with footnotes. 

There are many references in Paradise Lost that require precise historical or cultural knowledge of things around that time. In order to just 'jump' into it, you'd need to prepare yourself to understand a wide range of references that can touch on theology, politics, and the general history of the time - a daunting task to research individually.

An academic version with footnotes will make the read more pleasurable, as you will not have to stop as often to figure out specific references. 
The Bible, and Shakespeare.  Hope that's not intimidating.
The thing I remember most about Alcott from reading various biographies of her was that her dad was so influenced by the Transcendental movement that they did a lot of farming in fancy communes and were vegan. The father also eschewed most forms of paid employment so the women of the family had to scramble to find jobs to keep the family going. Oh and she wrote with a steel pen; not sure why that tidbit remains in my head.
Little Women is one of my favorite books. I first read a part of it in an anthology of stories for girls and about 5 years ago started rereading it yearly around Christmas. This year I will be reading the annotated anthology and am a little too excited about it. Oddly enough I haven't read the sequels, though I once looked up plot summaries of them - I feel like they won't hold up to the original.  

I read Louisa May Alcott: The Woman Behind Little Women a few years back and it was very interesting reading the parallels between her real life and Jo in the books. I was surprised her upbringing was so austere, if I remember correctly her father was so set in his ways he brought his family to the brink of starvation a couple times. It's no wonder that she wrote a home that was a more warm, joyful place. 
Do your own homework. 
'Little Women' can trace its origins to the Bronte sisters.
I love finding weird stuff in books. The strangest thing was a letter folded up inside an old botany book I found in a park a few years ago. It was only a few lines of seemingly random words, then some numbers underneath. I was convinced it was some sort of code. Intriguing. 
Not weird, but super fun.

One of my step-daughters needed a Thoreau's *Walden* for her class, so I ran downstairs to get my copy from the storage area.  

It was my college edition with all my notes in it, and I hadn't opened it in like 15 years.  So I grab the book, and a $20 bill falls out!  It was *the best.*  I felt sorta sorry for broke sophomore college student me... but hey $20!

We ordered in pizza.  A real tribute to Henry David.
I brought a secondhand Raymond E Feist book once, don't remember which one, but it had a mummified spider squished in it.
I only buy used books so I can specifically find things that people leave behind in them. My coolest discovery so far would probably be [homework from 1967](https://www.reddit.com/r/FoundPaper/comments/5ejpss/schoolwork_from_1967_found_in_a_book_in_a/) in a book from the 50s.
I found the Feyman Lectures set for my boyfriend at a used bookseller -- when we looked inside, someone had been writing notes in the margins as they learned. The bookseller told us it was from a donated collection after one of his clients had passed -- I like to imagine an old man self-teaching himself physics in his living room!
It isn't quite strange but one of my most loved and hated is a card that advertises an escapist support group. It frustrates the hell out of me that it was in a book but I mean, I understand it. 
Is it that weird? Before cellphones became ubiquitous you'd write a person's number down.  
Weirdest was a Toronto Star article from 25 years earlier tucked into a book, which was talking about an old starch plant that's down the road from where I lived. I bought this book in a far different area than where I live, and didn't even know about the article until I got home and started rifling through the pages.
Recently I've found a laminated In Memoriam card inside a book about Shakespeare. Also found a plane ticket stub from San Fran to Mexico. Once found a strip of photo booth pics of some HS girls in a copy of Infinite Jest.
I found a folded-up recipe for rum raisin tiramisu inside a library copy of Ron Chernow's biography of Alexander Hamilton. (I made the tiramisu. It was fine, although I'd been hoping it'd imbue me with some of Hamilton's better qualities, which it didn't.)

My high school English teacher's story takes the cake as far as good fortune goes, though: he found a pristine $100 bill inside a copy of Huck Finn he'd bought at a regular old Half Price Books in Austin.
I got a note that said something like, this book is crap don't waste your time. 
I found a pressed flower in a copy of The Stone Diaries by Carol Shields. It was really cute.
A candid photo of Dominic Monaghan in a bar. I think I found it in an old copy of The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time.
And you called it, right? One free upvote for the followup story.
I got a note that said something like, this book is crap don't waste your time.
I just finished *Cat's Cradle* as well!! It was my first completed Vonnegut book. I'm excited to read more of his material
A receipt for condoms inside a Dr. Suess book (The Lorax) that I bought for a friend's kid. Thankfully it was just the receipt and not like a wrapper or something.
I found a dollar bill in my library book
My ex once ordered a used book on having a LGBT child and it had inside some long, emotional letter that the original owner had written to their parents to give them with the book....
I like it when the original receipt is in the book. Bus tickets are good too. Once I found an overdue notice from the library the book originally came from.
I have yet to come across anything from any of the used books I've bought. Though I have left things in books. Like on my last day at uni before graduating I went to the library and slipped a poem into a psychology 101 book, in a tribute to my first major before I switched courses.
I love shopping for books at Goodwill and whenever I see some random paper sticking out of the top binding i'll take a glance at it. I once found a used diary with a bunch of entries still written in about a woman with weight/eating issues writing about her unrequited love to her SO (husband/bf i'm not sure) named 'Frank'. I debated on buying it and I didn't have my phone on my to take photos. It wasn't there the next time I went back.

I always flip through the first pages of books i pick up to see if I can find a signed copy and there are lots of written dedications that are quite endearing. (from friends or parents, most are dated)

/r/FoundPaper  is a great browse for this kinda stuff but it's not usually specified where they found it. 
I've found boarding passes, coupons, dry cleaning tickets, grocery shopping lists, and pressed flowers. The creepiest thing I ever found was a receipt from a sex toy place in a copy of 120 nights of Sodom. 
Needless to say, I practically washed that book in purell.
A prescription dated 1941.
It's taken off a lot this year. 

It was driven by self-published authors on Amazon at first. Without publicity or marketing they'd have with a publisher, they needed all they could to help make their book stand out and they realised that you could, technically, put anything you wanted in the book title section. It's something that traditional publishing houses never even thought about, as all of their book titles feed through from whatever publishing system they're using, so of course it's just the title, as why would the editor think to put anything more than that in their system. 

Meanwhile on Amazon you started to get these, clumsy 'best thriller ever!' ad lines stuck onto the end of self-published ebook titles. It seems cheap and obvious but then ... it starts to work. There's a big group of people that buy lots and lots of books (but only if they're really cheap) and they just skim through Amazon lists like looking at groceries. A book is just another product. Few of them can be bothered to click through and read more. They need a title and book jacket that looks compelling, and a decent idea of what the book is about. And it's £1/$2? Of course I'll get that one over the £10 e-book!

So suddenly you've got this split: a flood of self-published £1/$2 books on Amazon, that tell you right there in the title what they're about and how great they are. Meanwhile the traditionally published e-books are being priced similarly to physical editions (publishers shifted to a new payment model over the last year so they can control e-book prices, essentially to try and combat Amazon's severe under-pricing of e-books. But it's shutting the gate after the horse has bolted), and they aren't optimising the titles to be attention-grabbing 'click-bait' style.  So of course the amazon top 10 books list starts to be dominated by these cheap self-published books. 

Finally this year traditional publishers have started catching onto this technique and are now imitating it, with these blatant click-bait ad lines added to book titles so that for the people that just skim through Amazon books, they'll catch their eye. 

So essentially, it's not for you. It's for the book buyer who used to buy books at the supermarket because it was 2 for £5 and it sounded nice and was cheap.

So previously you could have presumed it meant the book was ... at the lower quality end. But now it's used by all publishers too. Granted it's only used on the popular fiction end of the market, so you may not be interested in that market anyway, you won't see 'best book ever!' added to the end of 'To Kill A Mockingbird'.  But it's not automatically a sign of poor quality. It's a sign of how the book market currently works on Amazon.
I think there have always been books marketed like this. At least since the 1980s, anyway. (They tend to not be very good)
>anything that has to advertise itself in the title has got to be absolutely awful, right?

Totally agree that it makes them seem desperate.  The harder they are trying to get me to buy something, the less likely I am to do so.
I haven't noticed this, but I can't really say I'm surprised? 
Just Haven't Met You Yet had the most cringeworthy description of the ones you pictured.

I feel like it has been happening more in the past year or so too. With how cheap the books are and programs like Kindle Unlimited and Kindle First a lot of not-so-great books are getting a ton of reviews and are being bumped up in top 10 lists. If I'm just browsing for new books I'll read the description, a couple reviews, check Goodreads (which I trust more than Amazon reviews), or download a sample to try and get around it. 

Edit: Also if you have Goodreads you can set up email alerts for ebook deals - I limited it to bestsellers or things on my to-read list and have gotten about 5 books for 1.99 or 2.99!
Hi, are you interested in other genres to read?
I get emails from bookbub, and I regularly search amazon based on the bookbub recommendations for e books too. (I've bought some from BB, almost all garbage and cheap or free poor fiction, history and cookbooks seem more legit), but I have found so many cheap books, all by self publishers, that leave me utterly surprised anyone would fall for their garbage. And what's surprising is, they have hundreds of reviews, generally good like 4 stars and above, yet I can tell even through the reviewers that these people don't know what good literature is. You know, short, "This was amazing! Can't wait for the next one!" Hardly any serious literary reviews. Goodreads is a good source to check out real reviews :/
We won't discover which books of the 21st century were worth reading for several more decades.  So I tend to focus on books before 1970 that have stood the test of time...
I don't mean to sound obvious but the Discworld was my second home for years.
Man, its gotta be Robin Hobb's series ! The [Assassin Apprentice](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assassin%27s_Apprentice)
Scott Lynch's Gentlemen Bastard series. Particularly the first one, The Lies of Locke Lamora currently rates as my favorite book of all time. 

The world itself is interesting, subverting many fantasy tropes and presenting a fresh take on dark fantasy, but what really takes the cake in this series, IMO, is the characters. Every character walks, talks and acts like real human beings in that respective situation. You know how often in more "classic" fantasy everything has sort of this... teatrical veil to it? Like it was written for a stage play or a movie. That quality of "yeah, nobody actually talks or acts like that". Lynch is more in line with more modern writing like Rothfuss or Scalzi. You get the feeling that if magic was real and that world existed, so would those people. The characters are interesting and flawed without descending into caricatures or "character pre-fabs". It has that very real quality of even the lowest character having qualities, and even the best being flawed. And it helps that the Locke's schemes are endlessly entertaining, and often quite clever.

So yeah, if you like fantasy, particularly something like Name of the Wind, you should absolutely read The Lies of Locke Lamora.
I have to go with Abercrombie's First Law as well.

But Sanderson's Cosmere books also come close.

Brandons Sandersons way of kings series, Robert Jordans wheel of time series (although only 4th one in), Robin Hobbs Fitz and the Fool (all books with fitz in it) or anything of Trudi Canavan :D 
Young me would say the Dragonlance novels, then slightly older me would say everything Tolkien, and then yet even older me would say The Dark Tower series. 
Lots of good suggestions out there. I'll throw out:

*A Song of Ice and Fire* by George R.R. Martin

*Memory, Sorrow, and Thorn* by Tad Williams
The name of the wind by Patrick rothfuss was pretty excellent, getting ready to possibly read the 2nd book next.

Also really enjoyed the broken empires trilogy by Mark Lawrence 
Can;t believe it hasn't been mentioned. Stormlight Archives by Brandon Sanderson. So far 2 enormous books that manage to still not seem long enough, Also the Old Kingdom by Garth Nix
Steven Erikson:  Malazan Book of the Fallen
Mistborn by Brandon Sanderson

I absolutely love this series <3
Terry Brooks "Magic Kingdom for Sale: Sold!" series is equal parts hilarious, irrevant, and heartfelt.  Easily consumed and easily enjoyed.  I revisit them from time to time as a repast from more challenging material. 
Dresden Files and Discworld.
I think all of mine have been mentioned except for His Dark Materials and Earthsea. 
I still haven't finished cause it's such a long series and full of the hardest fucking vocabulary but the Wheel of Time series by Robert Jordan is phenomenal
The Wheel of Time by Robert Jordan (finished by another author after Jordan's death). 14 books with an average of about 800-900 pages each. It is fucking awesome. I wish there was more to read. 
All the dark elf series
Book of the New Sun
The Chronicles of Amber by Roger Zelazny. From what my parents say it sounds like it was huge when they were young adults but I never hear people talking about them anymore.
You mean besides Discworld?


Harry Potter, hands down.  It's.  So.  Good.
anything by phillip k dick, classics 
Chronicles of the Black Company by Glen Cook. Lots of characters that I fell in love with and just kept hoping they would all survive one more book. Plus there are 9 books in the series and a spin off book with some of the other characters so you've got plenty to read.
Tolkien, Discworld and ASOAIF.
There are so many. Tolkien's Lord of the Rings, Feist's The Riftwar Saga, Pratchett's Discworld, Butcher's The Dresden Files and Codex Alera, King's The Dark Tower, LeGuin's Earthsea quartet, Kevin Hearne's Iron Druid Chronicles, Rick Riordan's Percy Jackson series, Glynn Stewart's Starship Mage series (which mixes scifi and fantasy), Janny Wurts' Wars of Light and Shadow, Katherine Kurtz' Deryni series, Steve McHugh's Hellequin Chronicles, Benedict Jacka's Alex Verus series, Ben Aaronovitch' Peter Grant series, Thomas E. Sniegoski's Remy Chandler series, Mike Carey's Felix Castor series, the first few True Blood novels by Charlaine Harris were great as well. So many to choose from.  
I enjoyed Stephen R. Donaldson's *The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant*,  more specifically the First Chronicles, which includes the first three of the ten novels in the series. (*Lord Foul's Bane*, *The Illearth War*, and *The Power That Preserves*)
Iron Druid Chronicles by Kevin Hearne. A 2000+ year old druid fugitive hiding in Arizona along with Icelandic werewolves who have it out for Thor, Polish witches, a bartender who is possessed by a Hindu witch, and the funniest wolf hound sidekick. My brother hates reading and recommended it. I have laughed so hard, strangers look at me weird. There are 8/9 books. The audio books are on YouTube too.  
They're not my very favorite however I do love them both and haven't seen anyone mention them... Peter V. Brett's the Daylight War and Garth Nix's Abhorsen series. Some really fantastic reading there and on-going series both.

My all time fav is probably His Dark Materials by Phillip Pullman, great for reading several times at different ages for perspective! 
Chronicles of Narnia, Lord of the Rings, Percy Jackson and the Olympians, and Heroes of Olympus are all great.
The Witcher series is great , since noone has mentioned it . Truly an alive universe that is highly realistic in it's fantasy setting. Shame it isnt well known
This is a bit old so it doesn't get as much press but I really loved Lloyd Alexander's 'Westmark' trilogy. I don't even know if it can be rightly classified as fantasy because it doesn't have the usual magic tropes, but the setting matches the qualification and the scope is quite epic, though perhaps more French Revolution than Game of Thrones.
If you haven't read or listened to The Lies of Locke Lamora, stop whatever you're doing and go do that. 

I also love Abercrombie. Can't wait for the next First Law books.
Love LOTR since it introduced me to fantasy. Recently read The Kingkiller Chronicle by Patrick Rothfuss and found it a very fun read. A bit mainstream but I also enjoyed A Song of Ice and Fire.
Joe Abercrombie First Law is definitely one of the top series out there for

Also would suggest John Gwynne (Faithful and the Fallen)
I started out by reading it at 8. It's only gotten better with age, and as I have expanded to additional works in the universe, such as *The Children of Hurin* and *The Silmarillion*.

I am, of course, referring to *The Lord of the Rings*, by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Riftwar Saga, Serpentwar Saga - Raymond Feist

Death Gate Cycle - Margaret Weis & Tracy Hickman
I enjoyed the Nightside series by Simon R Green it's complete, it has a wicked sense of humor. Also, from Puers Anthony the Incarnations of Immortality. It's one of his lesser known series but worth a read. And for a fantasy, "scifi", blend the Incryptids by Seanan Maguire. None of these are hardcore fantasy but worthy of a checkout.
The Demonwars Saga part I and II, by R.A Salvatore, the guy who wrote The Legend of Drizzt Series, which is another favorite. As a younger kid, I would say Inheritance Cycle, the Eragon books, by Christopher Paolini.
I am a big fan of the Codex Alera series from Jim Butcher.  For a series the was pretty much written on a dare, it's a very solid fantasy series.   
Urban fantasy, gotta go with the Dresden Files, by Jim Butcher. High fantasy, it would be The Stormlight Archive by Brandon Sanderson. Can't wait for book 3 on that one. 

Other notables: Mistborn series (Sanderson), Wheel of Time series (Robert Jordan), Jill Kismet series (Lillith Saintcrow), A Song of Ice and Fire series (George R.R. Martin)
Surprised no one's mentioned Stephen King's Dark Tower series...
The first one is a bit slow to get through but the remaining six were some of the most immersive reads I've ever experienced. Last book had me actually shedding tears.
The Belgariad series and its sequel ,The Malloreon, by David Eddings.
The Hobbit, Lord of the Rings, The Silmarillion by J.R.R. Tolkien

The Twelve Houses by Sharon Shinn

Old Kingdom/ Abhorsen series by Garth Nix

Sevenwaters by Juliet Marillier

Jonathan Strange and Mr. Norrell by Susanna Clarke
The eragon books are fantastic 
The Xanth series by Piers Anthony. He just has this way of describing a whole world that makes you never want to put the books down. Not to mention he easily overlaps the characters (from separate novels) stories without repeating everything he's previously written.
I absolutely love 2 series. One is A Court of Thorns and Roses by Sarah J. Maas. The other is Sword of Truth series by Terry Goodkind.
Anything by Jack Vance.
Uh, The First Law series was fantastic. Glokta is easily one of my all time favourite characters. 

Besides these, last year I read a lot from Brandon Sanderson (I think he is a pure genius, he is also teaching, some of his classes are recorded and on YouTube, I recommend watching some of them) + the two books of The Kingkiller Chronicle. And then years back I read tons of fantasy (The Dark Tower, a lot of Dragonlance, some books from The Riftwar Saga, ASOFAI and Harry Potter).

This year I took on the quest of reading The Wheel of Time - it is freaking awesome, just started reading the tenth book. When I'm done with the series, I plan to start on either Malazan Book of the Fallen or Discworld; can't decide though as I hear only positive things about both.
I've really enjoyed the Fallen Blade series and the Imager Portfolio series. Neither are very high brow or dark to be fair, but I think they have good lore and world-building with some fun characters.
David eddings.
The Once and Future King by T.H. White!  I love this book so much.  Admittedly, it is more on the side of "Fantasy Lite", but don't let that deter you!  

If you're at all into the tone and pacing of the Harry Potter series, I would say this book is very comparable.  It starts off childish and light, but as Arthur grows, so does the weight of the world until you're ending in an all out war for Camelot.  So good!
Dagger and Coin is pretty good
The Gone Series by Michael Grant. 
Since Sanderson has already been mentioned plenty of times, I'll add Watership Down.
I recently read The Blade Itself. I really enjoyed it and I plan on finishing the series, and maybe the standalone books. I liked The Name Of The Wind but not so much the second book. Have you read The Lies of Locke Lamora? It's a great read, although I haven't gotten to the other books in the series yet. 
The *Deed of Paksenarrion* by Elizabeth Moon.  The author was a marine, and she's really into training and logistics, which makes it odd for a fantasy trilogy and puts some people off.  It's set in a kind of standard Tolkien/D&D kind of fantasy world, but adds some gritty realism.   
Walter Moers' Zamonia series is a current favorite for sheer zaniness and quirk
Mistborn Trilogy pretty much knocked off my feet with it's twist and turns. And everything that culminated to that ending. 

God that ending, i don't think i've read anything so far that has beaten Mistborn with it's completion. 
The Videssos Cycle, or really anything set in Videssos by Harry Turtledove.
The Temeraire series by Naomi Novik — been my top series for years now!

Edit: I'm not entirely sure I can count this as fantasy... really it's historical fiction. 
I loved The Belgariad series and the Dragon Nimbus series.
Favorites would currently be the Kingkiller Chronicles. Sure, the concept is not new and even the magic or how it works has been there before in other books, but the characters and the writing style/prosa are something else. It's simply beautifully written and now that I've finished both books I hope that we don't have to wait that much longer for the final book.

Besides that I'd name Neverwhere from Neil Gaiman and the Discworld series for obvious reasons.
A court of thorns of roses and throne of glass by Sarah J Maas!!
*The Artefacts of Power series by Maggie Furey.
* Sevenwaters series by Juliet Marillier.
* The Black Jewels series by Anne Bishop.

I think these lean more towards a female audience, which I love. A smidgen of romance with dreamy, enthralling settings. 

All time favorite is Dragonlance. I had the biggest crush on Raistin when I was a teenager. Still kinda do. Shhh.

Wheel of Time, anything Robin Hobb, Mists of Avalon. Tolkien was the man. I remember crying on the school bus while reading about Thorin dying. I was such a weird kid :)<3
Wheel of Time. My most favourite series ever. 
Terry Brooks is also winning. Anything Robin Hobb does ever, the highlight being Liveship Traders. Ian Irvine writes a great series. Could be here all day...
Night Angel Trilogy by Brent Weeks
[deleted]
I'm not a guy, so I guess I'm not allowed to answer this question.
With the permission of the estate? No, not at all. (See Wheel of Time.)
Well basically fan fiction but you can't sell it.
r/writing could have a better idea. Might want to ask over there.
Not a faux pas, but certainly low brow. People have written continuations of Nero Wolfe, Dune, James Bond, Tom Clancys works, etc and they're all always inferior.
If you were given permission by the estate, it wouldn't be anything weird.  

However, I think you would still need to list Iain Banks as an author, with you listed as a co-author.  And the estate would arguably get proceeds from any sales.  

You'd definitely need to be tactful in how you referenced Iain with any writing.  Think:  "/u/Veganpuncher with Iain Banks"  or "by /u/Veganpuncher, set in the Culture universe of Iain Banks".  


If you are selling, it is plagiarism and whoever owns the rights can sue. If you are not selling it, its just douchey to not at least ask for permission first.
Lists are there to be disagreed with. Sometimes I think that's the point of them.
This is my list of baffling omissions:  
[To the Bright Edge of the World](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/27917957-to-the-bright-edge-of-the-world), easily one of my favorite books of 2016 if not my favorite, really 3 books in one: adventure tale, the story of the birth of an artist, and the story of a friendship. Wonderful well-told interwoven narratives.  
[News of the World](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25817493-news-of-the-world), simple story powerfully told--about a girl recaptured from Natives that kidnapped her. Set immediately after the Civil War, this book follows the girl and the man charged with returning her home. Will make an excellent film.  
[His Bloody Project](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25694617-his-bloody-project), the story of a triple murder in Scotland...felt like Law and Order: 19th Century Scotland  
[the Many](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28580659-the-many), Dark City meets Twin Peaks set in a remote fishing village. WTF book of the year.  
[Miss Jane](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/26530309-miss-jane), another quiet charmer, this one set in a small community and follows the life of a woman born with an interesting...issue. Strong book.  
[Mothers](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28815371-the-mothers) well told story, often feels like a gripping television drama, about love, death, romance, growing older, mistakes, family, friendships, church. Just a damn solid novel.  
[Sons and Daughters of Ease and Plenty](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/27209487-sons-and-daughters-of-ease-and-plenty), one of my favorite authors, not her best effort but still worthy of acclaim, story of a man a woman their kids and...a situation they caused. Worst parents of the year (along w/ the mom from Eggers's Heroes of the Frontier).  
[Underground Airlines](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23208397-underground-airlines), what's not to love about a novel set in the modern era--only, slavery was never outlawed...and our novel is about a black man who just happens to be a slave catcher.  
[Revulsion](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/26889792-revulsion): A novel-length paragraph and bitter rant/screed/scream about society in El Salvador, it's no wonder Moya and his family received death threats after its publication in the late 90s. In the style of Thomas Bernhard, whom I've never read, this monologue takes on everything in El Salvador, from corrupt officials and politicians, to the national food, to the narrator's own family. The book is beginning to end angry, angry, angry.  
[Sleeping Giants](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25733990-sleeping-giants), really fun book.  
Why do people even make limited lists of things so great in quantity like books?
LMFAO at snubbing The Girls by Emma Clines. It was so over-hyped this year that the snub is such a good slap in the face. 
Speaking of the books that did make it on the list, I really thought Children of the New World was a pale imitation of Black Mirror without any of the lingering depth. 
Still kind of miffed about Oyeyemi not being on the NYT list. Definitely the best book of short fiction I've read recently.
Lusty Argonian Maid
Okay, okay... I loved reading the Twilight series when I was in college. It was horrible writing but I enjoyed every minute of it. 
"Depression- when everything you laugh at is miserable and you can't seem to stop."

I haven't read The Heroin Diaries in 8 years and that quote is still stuck with me. If you haven't read The Dirt then absolutely read that. 

My guilty pleasure books are the True Blood series. You can read 3-4 in a day if you're just laying around the house and they satisfy all my junk novel needs. Fantasy that's mysterious, sexy, emotional, and funny. What more can you ask for? 
I like the Robert Langdon books by Dan Brown. They aren't great novels or anything but they are fun to read while you are on vacation sitting by the ocean.
Would The Dresden Files classify? 

To me they are the book equivalent of a summer blockbuster movie.
Anything by Sophie Kinsella. Her books are so cheesy and ridiculous and unrealistic, but also so *so* easy to read, help take my mind off things and leave me grinning after they're over. 
For me is not even a book, i like reading creepy pastas and stories in r/nosleep.
The are not great written, nor bad, put each story is a different world of a kind. I waste too much time reading those.
I don't do "guilty pleasures", if I like something I like it shamelessly and openly. 
I've read a lot of Jackie Collins. I don't even consider it a guilty pleasure- she knows how to spin one of hell of a story, and every book has at least one section that will make you choke on your coffee. 


I love Laurell K Hamilton's Anita Blake series. They start off decent but have descended into plotless porn. I still adore them and I keep hoping she'll create a zombie army and they'll take over the vampire world.
John Dies at The End is really crude, language-wise and structure-wise, because it was originally a bunch of stories in a website and was then turned into a book.

I still enjoy it every time I reread it.
Anything by Michael Crichton
Welcome to Temptation by Jennifer Crusie. I picked it up on clearance many many years ago, knowing nothing about it. It's sex and murder and comedy all wrapped up together. It never fails to make me laugh. 


I don't think I have any guilty pleasure *books* exactly; I have anime for that.
Demonata series. I know they're for preteens but they still give me the scares
Supernatural erotica that puts on a pretense of a plot.
Landline by Rainbow Rowell, it's a rom-com! 
Sven Hassel novels. 

Every once in a while i get a weird feeling that i need to read about some crazy stuff Porta did in WWII. Like playing poker with a romanian rich guy and winning his estate and wife. 
I always enjoy Stephen King.  Lots of mindless fun when I don't want to have to critically think about anything.
I'm (male) usually into sci-fi action type fiction audiobooks (Ender's Game, Ready Player One, Red Rising, Sleeping Giants) but right now I'm listening to the wonderful Anna Kendrick narrate her new book 'Scrappy Little Nobody'. Because science.
I am a zombie novel junkie.  There I said it!
There are plenty of books I absolutely love. But these two I could read again and again: 

Unbearable Lightness, by Portia de Rossi. It's a very good book that details her struggles with her weight while trying being on Ally McBeal. It's written extremely well and she is very honest about herself. 

The Guns of August, by Barbara Tuchman. It's about World War One, what led to it and how it was fought in the early months. What is so great about this book is her writing style. She has a true talent for writing and for turning history into a fascinating story. 
Books by Edward Lee, Richard Laymon, Bryan Smith and some other authors like them. 

They write these *incredibly* horrific, violent, gory, sex-filled books. I'm not exaggerating. Some of them are so disgusting that I wasn't able to go on. But it does hold a weird fascination for me. 

When I say these are my 'guilty pleasure' books, I mean *guilty* as in, if anyone close to me finds out that I read these books, I'll be locked up in a mental hospital.
I don't have what I consider guilty pleasures anymore. The whole concept of a guilty pleasure is "I like this book but I feel embarrassed because other readers might look down on it and that would hurt my chances of being seen as someone who reads good smart literature, so I'll hide behind calling it a guilty pleasure instead of admitting I genuinely enjoy it."

I used to think that way and it took a conscious effort (and the passing of years) to get to the point where I just read what I enjoy and don't care if it's a mainstream YA best seller or obscure classic.
*Pride and Prejudice*. The first of Jane Austen's that I read, and still my favourite.
Jack Reacher for sure. I've read every one of them. I love that big bastard. 

Also I will never accept Tom Cruise as Reacher. That's just ridiculous. #NOTMYREACHER
Pretty much everything by Alice Hoffman, though it's been years and I haven't read any of her newer stuff.  *The Story Sisters* was a particular favorite.
Nathan Rabin's "My Year of Flops" book. Some of the best criticism you'll find about bad (and not-so-bad) films anywhere, from an AVClub reviewer no less. Reading about how he tortures himself by reviewing the films is worth the price of the book itself.
David Morrell's debut novel "First blood" is a very good character driven novel that I've read half a dozen times. The book grabs you by the balls from the first page, and it is very hard to put it down. The first time I picked it up, I read it from cover to cover in one go. I highly recommend it. 

[Hervey](http://herveycopeland.blogspot.com)
Ethan Hawkes books I guess.  I reread them when I was having relationship troubles and it helped me get through it knowing I wasn't as erratic as his characters.  
There are two books I come back to time and again. As a matter of fact, I'm re-reading one of them right now. I decided I wanted a visit with an old friend named Johnny Goodboy Tyler. I just finished my visit with the other friend, Paksennarion Dorthansdotter, a few months ago.

I've read Battlefield Earth and The Deed of Paksennarion (technically it's a trilogy) more times than I can count. I have several paperback and trade paperback copies of both and I have one hardback copy of each. I now own digital copies of each and carry them with me everywhere.

They are not, however, guilty pleasures. I have no shame nor guilt in reading them over and over again.
Sarah Dessen or Nicholas Sparks. Easy mindless books 
The Stephanie Plum series by Janet Evanovich and the Princess Diaries series. I listen to them in car with my daughter who's 12. I also shamelessly enjoy fanfic.
I LOVE graphic novels.  Or comic books.  Whatever you want to call them.  That's not to say they don't have literary value...Alan Moore and Neil Gaiman are two great examples as far as that's concerned.

But I've also got Punisher Max Volume 3 and 100 Bullets queued up too haha. I read in an order...a couple of fiction books, then a graphic novel or two, then I'll read some non-fiction, like Rick Atkinson's Liberty Trilogy.

Also: If you like graphic novels and haven't yet done so, check out Black Science.  It is ridiculously good.
Ready Player One. I agree with literally every critique of it that I've read. But damn it, did I love reading that book. 
Series of Unfortunate Events

Books about three rich orphans who parents died in a tragic fire and are left with a huge fortune. They get adopted by a new foster parent every book (Until the last four.) and most of them are abusive. The nice ones end up getting killed by one of the other foster partners that want the orphans fortune. 

One of the evil foster parents, "Count Olaf", tries to marry the oldest orphan so he could legally get the fortune. He also hanged the baby orphan in a cage through a window of the tallest tower to kill if he didn't marry one of the other orphans. The narrator himself constantly says you should stop reading the book or destroy it. 

Scholastic published this series... It's classified as a children's book.

I love these books for how grim and surprisingly funny they are, which is why I'm guilty reading them. You've probably watched the movie, and if so, the books are 20x better. I really recommend if you enjoy dark humour or satire. Netflix is making a adaptation of these books. It's coming out January 13th. It doesn't look good in my opinion, so I'd read the books before it comes out.
I get a certain amount of guilty pleasure from JK Rowling's detective series -- it's pulpy and fun, and I don't normally read potboilers.
Pretty much any Terry Pratchett book.

Easy to read, hilariously funny, with intelligent story lines. 
Cozy mysteries or historical romances, I guess.
Honestly my guilty pleasure book is Palo Alto by James Franco. It's poorly written but I think that just submerges me more into the mindset of "I'm reading a passage written by a teenage." 
Heather Graham romances. Oh gah.

Mental health autobiographies. Crazy is sometimes brilliant. Anything about my own diagnosed mental illness as well. I wanna know why I am the way I am. 

It's Called A Breakup Because It's Broken. By the same dude who wrote She's Just Not Into You. Helped me through every breakup. Sooo corny girl power. 
War and Peace
The Odyssey, The Iliad, The Aeneid, Beowulf, Sir Gawain, The Moonstone (Betteredge portion), Moby Dick. 

Edit: I now realize my mistake in simply naming my favorites. I suppose thats the price to pay for browsing reddit at 1am. In any case my true guilty pleasures would be Captain Underpants and Diary of a Wimpy Kid. 
A hundred years of solitude never ceases to impress me 
Margaret Atwood did an AMA here [you might want to take a look](http://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/2qprzk/i_am_margaret_atwood_author_of_the_handmaids_tale/) :) [Here's a link to all of our upcoming AMAs](http://www.reddit.com/r/books/wiki/amafullschedule)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/books) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Literally just started it... he's on the launchpad right now.

Give me a couple days.
I also just downloaded the audiobook the other day though I just started a different book, but I'll bail on that one and put this one on instead.
The best solution I can think of is to send the good shit to me.
Pahahaha. "Get rid of books." I need all of them, even the ones I'll never read. **Especially** the ones in another language, that I can't read. 

Seriously though, I have accrued a thousandish books, and most of them just sit on a book shelf or in boxes. I do get rid of a few from time to time, mostly by giving them to friends and family. But I like my "collection."
I collect books like a drowning person collects air: desperately and compulsively. 

There's a limit though, and my house is like a revolving door of books. I get heaps and heaps of books as ARCs or from secondhand books stores or just simply because I like the look of them. 

Typically when I'm trying to get rid of books, I keep the following things in mind: 

1. Did I enjoy the book? If I'd give it less than a 3 star rating, then it's out. (Exception: if it's part of a set). 

2. Do I have a double of this book? If yes, then it's out. (Exception: if the other edition(s) is special or part of a set.)

3. Am I likely to read this book again? If no, then set it free so someone else can read it. (Exceptions: if it was a gift, signed, a special edition or part of a set). 

4. Am I likely to ever read this book at all? If no, maybe also get rid of it. (It's worth noting that I'm a very optimistic reader, so I rarely if ever will get rid of a book because I haven't read it yet). 

I have to say, I don't think I've ever regretted getting rid of books (unless I lost them after lending them and never got them back), but I have definitely regretted not buying books in the first instance. 
Rare day that I'll be in the mood to do this.  If you have thousands of books, you can be choosier.  I'll go into a room and say, I need to throw out ten books.  I'll look for something with an obvious flaw.  Or a book that is from an unknown author, that's not a first edition.  (Yes, I have way too many books.)
I still have a LOT of books, but culled my collection a great deal when I last moved. My process was uncomplicated: I kept only my very favorites and those I knew I'd been dying to read for years. It was relatively simple. I've had no regret over it.
There is a great book which is enjoyable for making tidying up all spiritual called The Life changing Magic of Tidying Up.  There are actually some great snippets in there.  To do books you have to:
a) be strong
b) take them all out and put them on the floor.  ALL OF THEM.
c) hold each one and work out if it "brings you joy".  This is a phrase she keeps coming back to but it is true.  Some books you pick up and they make you happy or make you smile or make you go back in time to a place, etc, etc.  If that is the case, keep it.  If not, its out.

I give all my books to charity shops who probably pulp a lot of them to be honest.
I hope to one day to be emotionally ready to get rid of books. I do not anticipate that day being anytime soon.
 But..
I would go through the ones you've read and get rid of the ones you won't ever reread. The rest I would read the backs of and look up on Goodreads and if they don't sound interesting or get really bad ratings (~2.5-3 stars or less), toss them.
You can donate them, or take them to used book stores and maybe get a little bit for them, or do like Emma Watson and leave them lying around on a subway. You could also give some to people you know that read, then you can also borrow them. Or have a giant book yardsale- that would be awesome.
I saved 

a) any books that are special edition/picture books/signed/gifts, 

b) anything that is not available as an ebook, 

c) anything I re-read on a regular basis,

d) anything I bought recently and haven't gotten to yet (owned for more than a year without being read was out).

Everything else - out!

It helped that I was making a major move across the country and that I had recently embraced digital reading. Sometimes I miss my four bookshelves, 6' high, and triple stacked on every shelf and if I ever own a big house I will definitely have a physical collection again. But really, I love reading on my Kindle and I love the space I can now fill up with other piles of stuff.
Loved this one! There's also a movie adaptation (though I always feel that the book is best). I'd highly recommend another of Fredrick Backman's book, My Grandmother Asked Me to Tell You She's Sorry. The storylines are very different but you'll find that Backman is just as fantastic at introducing endearing characters who manage to bring you to tears, both from laughing out loud and from highly emotional scenes.
I read this book over the summer and can tell it is the type of book I will re-read countless times in my life. Perfect blend of comedy and misery. The part where he [Spoilers](#s "locks a journalist in his garage and is too anxious to free her") is priceless.
I read it and I really loved it. I had to read his other books, which were good, but I reallly loved this one the most. If you like this one, you may like *The Curious Charms of Arthur Pepper*.
Excellent.  Thank you!
I wonder if Hemingway ever wrote about it.
I remember Plimpton's stuff. His pro football thing was fun,.
"God: A Biography" by Jack Miles is a classic (Pulitzer winner) that goes through each book of the Bible breaking it down as literature with the character of God analysed as the protagonist in many cases. 

http://www.jackmiles.com/Home/books/god-a-biography
Check out an old book called Hamlet's Mill
I had to read a few sections of the bible for a sort of joint history/literature class in college.  There are some great stories in there (specifically, the book of Genesis & Exodus) that definitely influenced literature for centuries.  I found it interesting to compare those stories to earlier writings like the epic of Gilgamesh.
Definitely read through the whole new testament, and I'd recommend The Song of Solomon, it's a love poem that you don't really hear referenced to much but I found it enjoyable none the less.
You may want to check The Bible as Literature by Gabel and Wheeler.
This doesn't fit your description exactly but when I had the same idea a few years ago, I found an audio course called **The Bible as the root of Western literature: stories, poems, and parables** by *the Modern Scholar*. It was very helpful. You can probably still get it from the library.

In the same vein, another publisher of audio courses, the Great Courses, brought out a new course called **Reading Biblical Literature: Genesis to Revelation** a few months ago. I'm still thinking about whether to get it. 


I think the most alluded-to sections would be genesis and the apocalypse. 
There are lots of [Bible reading plans](http://www.alextran.org/23-bible-reading-plans-that-will-satisfy-anyone/) to help readers go through part or all of the Bible.  I did the 90-Day Overview mentioned on that page I linked above (the publisher called it the "Tour of the Bible" plan).  It's 90 readings of about 15 minutes each, and it covers about one-quarter of the overall mass of the Protestant Bible.  You can go shorter or longer depending on how deep you want to go.  
I would say try some of the religious books of the non-Abrahamic religions. The couple that I've read I found to be highly interesting. Though I must say I haven't read any of the texts of the Abrahmic religions. So can't comment on them.
Honestly, if you're only reading for fun just pick a book and cursory read a couple of reviews. Because from my experience, reviews will tell you everything you need to know. If an author is obviously biased, someone on Amazon or Goodreads will have picked up on it. Just look at some of the more critical reviews.

But in general you'll find it pretty hard to avoid bias. And I don't even know if bias is such a bad thing in that regard, that is as long as you apply critical thinking and realize that it's only the authors opinion (which you're bound to encounter anyway).

Well you can always ask for recommendations in /r/suggestmeabook or in our weekly recommendation thread.

Personally I like to cancel out any bias in a non-fiction book by reading a book about the same topic, but from a different point of view and by a different author.

However, if you really want to go out of your way: Most scientific journals have a book review section. Find a scientific journal about the topic you would like to read about and check their reviews.

Personally, I also like to check back at my college bookstores website to see what some of my old professors are assigning in their classes these days. In my experience most college bookstore websites allow you to access the assigned reading list for most classes. 
Often it's simply a case of having to read more than one book about any given subject.  Whie we often like to believe there is an objective 'truth' in non-fiction, the reality in a large number of fields, especially those that deal with people, is that truth is a matter of perspective.  Most master's degrees involve a fair bit of reading others' work, and I'm sure in that context you didn't just read one book and believe everything written inside it, you thought critically about the source and compared it to others on the same subject.

While you may not find the perfect source of recommendations you're looking for, some are better than others.  Within reddit, for example, /r/AskHistorians is likely to be a better source for books on history than /r/suggestmeabook, because as useful as the latter is, the former simply has a greater knowledge of that subject.  Similarly, looking at the overall rating for a book on goodreads may not be very helpful, but following a reviewer who's read a large number of books on the same subject and has maybe even formally studied that field might be.  Make the best of the resources you have available to you.

To piggyback on /u/leowr's suggestion, check out what journals and magazines your local library (or university library if you still have access) subscribes to, and maybe even ask a librarian if they have any further suggestions for sources of recommendations or accuracy checkers.
There are bound to nonfiction books that are biased. The best way to approach them is with an open mind. It's always good to read about topics from different authors/points of view to understand why the author may write about that topic and why they may have formed their opinion or bias. Bias should not be a bad thing; it can help give you a different perspective on history.
I abuse the hell out of the library. When I find a book that I enjoy or that I want to learn more from, I'll read something used as a primary source. Using interlibrary loans, that rabbit hole can keep you busy forever. (I just picked up a book about how Pakistan acquired the nuclear bomb. I don't know how I got to that book, but hey, it's fascinating stuff)

Once in a great while, an Amazon or Goodreads review can come in handy, though there are obvious dangers to that. I'll read through the reviews after reading a book and sometimes people will list an alternate recommendation to a title or an addendum to it. 

As has been mentioned, a lot of subreddits have a recommended reading list and I've usually been impressed with the list quality. Different subs have different standards though.

You're overthinking this, though. Make a decision and roll with it!
Ask yourself first,"What genre of nonfiction do I want to read?" It's a pretty broad subject! Science, history, bio, cultural studies,true crime? There are outstanding authors in each category. Narrow your search and start there. 
Go to the college library and speak to the subject matter librarians. It's their job to keep up on the latest and best books on their topic. They can give you a pretty good sense of which nonfiction works are classics in any particular field and which ones are emerging - not to mention which ones are approachable for a lay audience. Personally, I don't worry too much about reading books that aren't respected in the field because I usually read 2-3 on the same topic so I can get a good sense of how their arguments overlap/contradict each other. 

If you're looking for some random places to start here are a few I've read lately (I've been on a history bent lately):
"The Idea Factory: Bell Labs and the Great Age of American Innovation" by Jon Gertner
"Owning the Earth: The Transforming History of Land Ownership" by Andro Linklater
"Empire of the Summer Moon: Qanah Parker and the Rise and Fall of the Comanches" by S.C Gwynne 
"The Big Burn: Teddy Roosevelt and the Fire that Saved America" by Timothy Egan
"The Big Sort: Why the Clustering of Like-Minded Americans is Tearing Us Apart" by Bill Bishop
"Taliban" by Ahmed Rashid
"Fearful Symmetry: the search for beauty in modern physics" by A. Zee
"The Massacre at El Mozote" by Mark Danner


Infinite Jest burned me out on tennis books.
I'd call it a bloody good book and leave it there.
The word novella simply means "short novel" (or "long short story.") The only criteria is length. 
"I know, Cyril! It's an allegorical novella, about Stalinism!"

Archer taught me this.
Isn't it a novella? Just in terms of length, I always think of books about that length as novellas. 
Novella
You'll often see that the difference between a "novel" and "novella" sometimes depends on the book's notoriety.

A book like Animal Farm technically is a novella but few call it that. By technical standards, Clockwork Orange, Old Man and the Sea, Great Gatsby, etc. are all novellas. But again, they're rarely referred to as such.
Its a novella
Animal farm is routinely given as a classic example of a novella. Almost any 'best novella' list will contain Animal Farm and almost any description of Animal Farm will call it a novella. Longer than a short story, shorter than a novel, excellent satire without being overly wordy etc. Novellas may 'usually' not have chapters (as the article than you linked states) but they certainly can. 

I'm not quite sure why it really matters, though, unless you feel that novellas are somehow less valuable than novels. You can call it a short novel if it makes you happier. 
I reckon its a novella
Novella
1 - 7,499 words = Short Story

7,500 - 17,499 = Novelette

17,500 - 49,999 = Novella

50,000 + = Novel

Of course, there is always speculation, but to my knowledge, word count is what determines the technical placement of a piece of work.
There is no strict definition of when a novella becomes long enough to join the novel club. *Animal Farm* is a short novel. The characterisation, complex story arc and undeniable sense both of rigour and completeness have all the hallmarks of a novel.
How many pages is it?
Is Pluto a planet or a dwarf planet?    

Also, does it really matter?  I know my life isn't impacted by it being a novel or a novella, as it arguably fits both definitions just fine.  Hopefully your life isn't impacted by it either.  
It's a fairy story 
As far as I care:

Does the work have clearly marked internal divisions (Chapters, Episodes, Boooks, however else they're called)?* (Y/N)

If yes: it's a novel.

If not: it's a short story.

Then what is a novella?

A marketing term without relevance.

*Do note I'm talking about prose, not about poetry or drama.
I was told in my Swedish class (I'm Swedish) that a novella can't depict a story occurring for a longer period than 24 hours, although it can jump around and actually be longer than other books the main story can only occur within the 24 hour time span.

I don't really know if I agree with that, since I think that would make some of the Dan Brown books novellas, but I don't know.
So by that definition the Animal Farm would not be a novella, even though it's rather short.
I usually use Paper™. It's simple to use, I can bring it anywhere, keep unlimited bookmarks and notes of various styles, and best of all it doesn't upload my reading habits to anyone's servers or anything. I love the tactile feedback features and never have to worry about recharging. It's pretty great overall
The book is many things, including very good, but an acid trip it is not. 
It was one of my favorites I read this year. I can't recommend it enough, but I also can't really describe why it's so great in a few sentences. It's just a portrait of an ordinary life in the early 20th century, set against the backdrop of two wars and the depression. The writing was amazing. I also read his western type book, Butcher's Crossing which I was surprised I did not like all that much. 
I also like marijuana but everyone I ask says this book isn't actually for stoners and that Stoner was just the guys name. Was I given faulty info? A book doesn't need to show drug use to be a good stoned reading experience.
It's one of those brilliantly underrated books that I had the pleasure of being recommended recently, and reading it was almost a divine experience for me. Can't stop recommending it to everyone.
Other charity shops

Libraries

Schools, colleges, universities

Coffee shops or pubs (depending on where your are, some places will just take them and stuck them on a shelf for patrons)

Local community programmes (ask your council or community voluntary organisations)
Often shelters like the Women's Community seek book donations. 

Check the United Way in your area — I think they list local organizations seeking donations and what types of donations they need.
Vietnam Veterans of America will pick them up from your house IIRC. 

www.pickupplease.org 
I like the idea of leaving them in public places. If you put all 50 of them in a park, then it's possible someone would get pissed off or they'd get chucked away, but leaving a couple here and there sounds okay to me. I live in a big city and went through a phase of leaving books in phone boxes. I love a phone box.
Don't know if you have these in your area, but Little Free Libraries are great for this sort of thing. You won't get rid of them all in one feel swoop, but it's good for getting a few off your hands.
Depending on how many pictures of Romeo Beckham are included will determine whether or not I purchase this.
Why do you even know his name?
it's definitely helped me avoid drama in my personal life and workplace life. I practice these rules quite well in person, however they often go out the window for me in comment threads lol which i usually regret.;)
The third one (don't make assumptions) is so difficult to apply in practice. We are making assumptions all the time and we don't even notice it!
This book helped me to change my life through a very rough time. I was battling a terrible heroin and alcohol addiction and had lost my will to live. I was in rehab and my sister sent me this book and it gave me so much help at how to live and look at the world. 

I've read it about 4 times since then and I have reminders I try to read everyday to use these agreements in my day-to-day life 
i have a conflicted opinion of this book... i hear praise for it all the time and i think it likely has value, which is why i haven't thrown it in the trash, but it's on my bookshelf with the bookmark still on page 29 where i abandoned it after reading

> We cast spells all the time with our opinions.  An example: I see a friend and give him an opinion that just popped into my mind.  I say, "Hmmm!  I see that kind of color in your face in people who are going to get cancer."  If he listens to the word, and if he agrees, he will have cancer in less than one year.  That is the power of the word.

that was the moment of irredeemable idiocy for me.
This book was the final nail in the coffin for my depression. It took a lot of books, spiritual therapy, therapy, meditation and time. But this book was the key.
This is an all time favorite of mine. I happened upon it at my grandmother's house when I was about eight or nine and read it, and have come back to its teachings in my adult life more times than I could count. It is an extremely useful set of guidelines in living a compassionate and fulfilling way for self and others and very short. 
Got it.  I'll be impeck... I'll be impicc...  I'll do good.
[The conversation in question started here](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/5epvh2/my_wifes_relatives_invited_themselves_over_for/daekna8/)

[a little more about it from someone else](https://experiencelife.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/28-the-four-agreements.pdf)
I thought the first agreement was that we are all made of light.
I feel bad for this.. I'm not an avid reader. Hell I don't read, who am I kidding. A boss from another job gave me this book when he was on his way out. I'm looking at it right now. Guess I have to take this as a sign and read it.
Storytime.. *sigh* I never finished this book here's why...


After hearing positive reviews, I purchased the book around the  time I started going to this new church. I brought the book with me to service one day to read afterwards. At the end of service I pulled it out and was talking to some other people about it. One of the other members of the church (a guy my age 19/20) started going on and on about how terrible the book it was. According to him the book was nothing special and the author was just ripping off ideas from the Bible and restating them in "new agey" ways. He went on for about 10 minutes, and since I hadn't finished the book I couldn't defend it.


After that I did not finish reading it, but since then I have left that particular church (no surprise). Now this thread has encouraged me to finish it.
And if you do none of these things and spend your life doing the exact opposite maybe you too can become President of the United States. 
What's up with the #1 question on Goodreads regarding the author?
Who here knows the background of this book? How Miguel conned all those girls into editing / pubishing/publicizing this book for nothing? How he slept with all of them, here in San Diego? DO NOT SUPPORT THIS MAN. The good ideas in this book are all found in older, more classical philosophies. This man just ran a cult - nothing more. 
This just arrived in the mail today. What a perfect start.
I've just borrowed this book from my boyfriend! You all have given me the motivation to actually start it. I'm excited!! Thanks guys. :)
This book was very instrumental in helping me get through a very hard time in my life. Highly recommend this if you are going through a big transition, feeling lost about your direction or if you have any self doubt. 
I truly enjoyed this book. I'm not going to say I've implemented the rules, but it made me think and continues to do so. It's in the very small pile of books I've kept to reread as needed. 
More power to anyone that gets anything positive from this or any other self help book...... but.

This is book utter and complete garbage. 

I had the "pleasure" to work on the infomercial for this steaming pile. For some inexplicable reason they wanted visual effects for it. I had the misfortune to draw the short straw to work on it. 

No joke... they wanted animated black tendrils of smoke flowing from the mouth of one actress into the ears of another.. because she was being mean to her or something. Loads of insanely stupid things like that.

If you are a human being, capable of following the golden rule, and have an ounce of common sense, you can figure this all out on your own. 

This crap...  it's pretty obvious... is a new age wrapper slapped onto simple concepts that are from much older sources. The "author", dumbed things down into puzzlingly worded sentences to make it sound like 4 commandments. 


But seriously.. if you get something good out of this.. more power to you. I uh... don't make assumptions. And I always do my best.. even when ranting on the internet.

And really..I'm not trying to insult anyone here..maybe the author. So apologies if you do actually like this sort of thing. And seriously I wish everyone well in their voyage of discovery we call life. 
Simplistic modeled behaviors never account for the real world.  Take the work place as an example.  

If I speak the truth all the time at work, I may divulge too much information, or not enough.  Sometimes I need to lie or mislead, especially for litigious reasons.  When billy asks if hes getting fired, I can't just remain silent or refuse to answer without signalling to him the truth.

 People's opinions of you do matter.  In many cases coworkers will work to sabotage me at every turn.  Jim goes around telling people I'm lazy and I shouldn't care?  Opinions about me affect my sales pitches, my product reviews,  and my overall authority.  

There's a time and place for assumption.  It's the basis for a lot of world disvoveries.  Not making assumptions would eliminate all risk and stymie disvovery.  1492 was a great year for assumption.

When people asked to do my best, it's like "good luck."  It's well wishing.  Everyone always does their best in their subscribed reality.  This is just nonsense.

On that note.  The book is basicly suggesting the reader tend to their reality without regarding that of others.  Sometimes humans can do that.  Many times they should not.

According to the author a lot of unethical behavior is okay.  I'm going to legally dump my companies chemicals in the desert.  No one will discover or care about this until I'm long dead.  Does this mean I should wreck the planet because I only care about my reality?
Tom Brady's favorite book.
Over the Summer I took a road trip from easy to west coast, but the car threw a rod on the Utah/Nevada border. In a greyhound bus station my friend and I had a two hour conversation about life with a total stranger, a man in his mid sixties. At one point he pulled this book out of his bag and gave it to me. He said he learned a lot about life and himself because of that book. It's a great fucking book, and I'm glad I stumbled upon it in such a way.
Meh. AT first I was really into this book. Then like a lot of self help stuff , I realised it takes away a lot of the stuff that makes you human.
But that book is clichéd dogmatic trash.
I just read it. I am constantly reminding myself about assumptions.
even after a 3rd or 4th read this shit still holds up
Don Miguel? Rpg Maker Don Miguel?
This book is a treasure. Four simple rules and yet, they can change anyone's life for the better. 
Be excellent to each other!
Don't take Reddit seriously. It's just a bunch of weirdos, idiots and kids pretending to be adults. Fuck Reddit, have fun!
Did you win the argument though? That's all that matters.
That marketing
As an elementary school teacher, I've always struggled with "Do your best." When the job as no clearly defined end goal and a lesson plan could always be improved, many teachers burn themselves out trying to do their best. So, what do we do? Amazing classroom and burnt out teacher or pretty good classroom and happy, content teacher?
ITT: People who have read the book saying it contained valuable information and lessons in improving their personal life, and people who haven't read it offering their pedantic opinions on a 4-point summary.
I didn't really like this book 
I literally just left and abusive relationship and my counselor recommended it. I'm on page 90 and it's amazing.
why do i need a whole book about this?
Harmontown anyone
I have not read the book and maybe it's good, but I've seen this list before and find it underwhelming. 

- (1) is a common cultural norm, (and occasionally one must break one's word).

- (2) seems psychologically highly unrealistic and possibly not even desirable.

- (3) should be applied judiciously--sometimes assumptions are necessary heuristics.

- (4) is both another common norm *and* psychologically unrealistic (unless you water down "your best" to mean "your best given how you're feeling right now", which makes it just about worthless). 


Pretty basic self-help stuff. 

Dated a girl who was all into this book. She made me read it. 

Terrible at keeping her word. Avoided taking things personally to the point of cavalier attitude to responsibility. Assumed she understood a very simple message because she read it in a book. And generally backed out of doing anything difficult. 

She seemed to think the book made her a better person.

I've leaned to avoid people who think a book can make them better. They are usually wrong.
Don Miguel Ruiz is by far my favorite author! This book is very good but Mastery of Love is my favorite from him. I would also check out Beyond Fear if your like him. 
I have this book - but its tiny. Is there a full size version? 
This book has helped me improve my life dramatically. Each agreement comes with great explanation for how to apply them, and what the limits are for each one. I recommend everyone read this book and follow the 4 agreements. 
Sounds a lot like Jacob the Baker.
My parents recommended that I read this book when I had just finished high school. It's stayed with me ever since! It's so simple but so powerful. It's definitely helped to lessen any drama and to understand why people do/say what they do. It's one of the few books I'll never get rid of. 
I like applying [Postel's law](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robustness_principle) to everyday life. That is,

> Be conservative in what you do, be liberal in what you accept from others 

so for most declarations, don't take offense, don't take it personally, keep in mind they might be wrong or you're misunderstanding it. At the same time be very careful with what you declare not to cause any animosity or misunderstanding yourself (which is not a recommendation you'd expect if "everyone is tolerant and liberal in accepting opinions"!). 

If you and others act this way, I find your interactions get very robust against conflicts, just like computer protocols do :)
Hey! I know you! Lol
I just unpacked my apartment and found this book. I got it as a gift but haven't read it. I'll make it a point to.
maybe a little bit of a jump here but, Eckert Tolle's A New Earth is quite similar.  I loved the four agreements, fantastic for those of us searching for more in what we already have.
I love this book. Read it for my Yoga teacher training.
This book truly changed the way I live my life for the better. I highly recommend it to anyone who has not read it.
That title r/savedyouaclick 
What's the difference between an assumption and a hypothesis? 
When I look at this i can't help but feel that this is needed more than anytime before... the internet has given so many people a huge platform to spread their words and there are too many new fractions appearing, we need more good that unites than separates us! Let's create an internet culture that is uniting!
Thank you so much for this. 
Are these the four things to do if you never ever want to be president of the united states?
I recently recommended this book to a friend who asked if I knew of any good books on emotional intelligence. I do believe that if someone followed these rules to the letter that their life would be a kind of heaven. I also love the simplicity of the language used. There's immense power and persuasion in something so direct and unambiguous 
A must read though I personally skip the first chapter
Been doing my best to follow these every day since early July. Glad to see this here!
Such a rad book
Words to live by 
Hey OP, check out The Mastery of Self, written by Don Miguel Ruiz Jr!

It's a modernized version of all of his father's teachings:
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/27135326-the-mastery-of-self
I remember reading this a long time ago and those agreements have always stayed with me.  
When I started my job back in February, i was required to read this and another book as well! It was definitely a book that opened my eyes.
Can anyone lend some advice to help with number one? Articulating myself has always been difficult for me.
I can't deny that there is some wisdom to be found in the four agreements themselves, but this book is the shortest book that I've read that I've found myself thinking it's too long. What I mean by that is the four agreements largely explain themselves, and any ambiguities about each one can easily be summed up in a couple of sentences. So why do we need a whole book explaining them? A lot of this book felt like filler that they packed in so that they could sell it as a book.

All the important parts could easily fit in a pamphlet.
this book is a blast from the past!
I learned this book at my church growing up- Unity West in Milwaukee, WI. I treasure those 4 Agreements still to this day since I learned of it when I was 13 years old.
All of don Miguel Ruizs books are excellent! Theres the 5th agreement that just goes over the four and then adds another. The voice of knowledge and then the mastery of love. All must reads

0: rupaul posted this excerpt a couple days ago! It's crazy that it keeps popping up. Must be a sign to dig deeper haha.
I tend to loan a lot of my books out to people interested in reading them. This one's been lost to the void. I loaned it to a friend who loaned it to a friend etc etc. I'm not mad about it either, it's quite an enjoyable read.
Great discussion and great book :)
Except somethings are very personal
Just got the book. Nine pages in has already fucked me up. 
I didn't like this book very much. The "agreements" are truisms that cannot be practiced literally without causing some real trouble along the way. The author also seems to have a weird grudge against Buddhism that he doesn't do a very good job of not taking personally.
So, when you say "helpful", what do you mean with that? Helpful in what way?

Im asking this because I find these kinds of lessons extremely counterproductive in the context of personal growth. The reasons for that are that, instead of questioning the why and how of taking things personally, making assumtions, and "doing your best", they simply say that we should not "do them". I think that in most cases, in some way questioning things that are problematic is beneficial and should be encouraged.

To become an adaptable and growing persona, you need to get good at understanding when something is absolutely supposed to be taken personally, when it is okay to assume something, and even find situations where doing your best will not work out to your, or anyone's' benefit in the long run. 

Dont buy in to these kinds of self-help life-lesson books. Get out and experience shit that makes you find a helpful gradient in the above mentioned problems, instead of forcing yourself into a black-and-white perspective on things that can actually help you develop as a person if only you allow yourself to question them.
I did not enjoy reading this book at all. It's super repetitive and way too basic. It's like talking to a 5 year-old on how to grow up. I was given this book as a gift. I read it and threw it back at the person who gave me the book. It was offensive to me to have someone give me this book to read when the book was intended for themselves. If you're trying to help, thanks but no thanks.
Every single last person I've met who claims to love the four agreements talks about them like they're actually achieving them.

I know fall-down drunks who are more honest.
Amazing book, amazing author, all his books are Amazing
Number 2: Don't Take Anything Personally, that's the most difficult one.  
About 7 years ago I moved to a new house in London. I rented a room from a guy who was a bit of a hippy and he lived by this book. He bought me a copy and told him it helped him beat his coke addiction. 
For french speakers, the title of the book is "Les 4 accords Toltec".
Don Miguel Ruiz is a fraud do not support this plastic shaman. 
also known as "how to get taken advantage of by assholes". this is horrible advice when you're not surrounded by people who all have your best interest in mind.

a better rule is "treat people as they treat you". you reward kindness with kindness, indifference with indifference, and aggression with aggression. this has been tested and shown to be the best strategy across multiple domains
I think this book should not be taken 100% seriously, because it sounds little bit too preachy in some parts, but it is definitely a good read. Made a big impact on my life back in the day when I read it for the first time.
Tom Brady reads this every year
Funny story. I think that the message this book conveys can be very helpful when applied correctly to someone's life. However, I lived with a roommate who did it completely wrong IMO.

She was always prone to being thin skinned and just flat out being rude to other people. After reading the book she would say something or do something rude AF to one of us and in response say "Why are you taking it personally" when somebody would call her out on being rude AND in turn getting offended and taking it personally. 

I just think its funny how someone with a skewed perspective can take something that has the power to do so much good and turn it around to cause more suffering.  
This is sitting on my bosses desk right now. I'll have to take a look!
Good book read it in high school
I want to thank you for your post, I bought the book and it is a real gem, I'll go back to it over and over I can tell. 
Cheers!
#2 Is great. Definitely a recommended read.
I've read this book, it's 1 Of My favourites.
I prefer to live life by doing the exact opposite.
At the risk of sounding like an asshole, I *will* say people should draw a distinction, not only between "following this advice produces comparatively favorable results" and "this is good advice", but also between "this is good advice" and "this advice can be favorably interpreted".

To the first, people are always going to be able to contribute anecdotes with happy endings where self-help is concerned, and you typically see more successes on the extreme end of the scale (e.g., recovery from drug addiction). Honestly, when somebody says something like "I overcame [life disaster] by the grace of this self-help book I found/was given", I don't cheer against their victory or anything, but I always imagine that, when you're at a super low point, pretty much any alternative is welcome. So like, while the advice itself may not be especially good or philosophically complete, it might, for one reason or another, help you to, say, stay off heroin. The result speaks for itself, so you aren't too picky in hindsight about how you got there, because *sloppy philosophy that helps you stay clean is better than relapsing*. It's a lesson in not letting the perfect be the enemy of the good.

But then to the second, I don't want to attribute any more profundity to the advice than is necessary. I've been acquainted with some New Age types, and I've ended up reading a lot of that stuff just to try and get inside the heads of people who are trying to sell me on it (I did not finish this book, I grant that), and part of me gets the impression these lessons are typically both signposted and explained in such vague language that, with enough willpower and charitable interpretation, the bare phrasing can be retrofitted to your existing beliefs in a way that seems like something is "clicking", or like you're having an "Aha!" moment.

It's sort of like what happens with cold reading/horoscopes--your intuitions are primed by deliberately ambiguous language so you latch on and start pumping in your own information, and you feel like there's some kind of connection there when it's really just your own thoughts being repackaged and delivered to you. I don't deny the potential *efficacy* of self-help, but I deny the source of the advice: the benign things these Agreements are being interpreted as invoking are things I imagine already occur to pretty much everyone on some level, even if they get caught up in trying to justify doing the opposite--the fundamental takeaway just seems to be a special case of "don't be an asshole". If you're known as a serial liar, if you're super distrustful and hostile all the time, and if you half-ass everything you do, you're probably going to have a bad time. The reason you see virtues like these bubble up cross-culturally is because they're probably psychologically latent. If there's a more eloquent and spiritual-sounding packaging you can wrap them up in to remind people of something they probably already understand deep down, more power to them if it helps them get out of a dark place. But we don't have to pretend it's cutting-edge moral philosophy or a great wisdom.

I guess I'm trying to look forward--like, it would be great if everyone cooperated and was really compassionate and stoic all the time, but the thing about most of the dispassionate sages is they weren't especially interested in worldly affairs, so thorough practice of their exalted virtues was a great strategy because they didn't have any real skin in the fight--they just accepted whatever the outcome was, self-satisfied their destiny was in the hands of Nature, or Fate, or one or more Gods, so whatever way things turned out was the way things either must be or ought to be. But for people who are immersed in the world, basic virtue templates probably aren't enough because you have to respond adequately to your environment to make it, so your strategy has to involve shrewdness and *some* amount of ruthless calculation, neither of which this advice prepares you for.
In my high school AP English class, we used this book as an example of a terribly written book with interesting lessons to draw from it. The discussions, and fierce arguments over the coherence of the book, were hilarious
1 as a salesman I have to be creative to keep this one 2 I have won sales by making it personal 3 I am always getting burned on this. I can't do everything and I have to assume that the person I hand off to will do there part 4 I can do that 
On 2: If it's personal and you're not taking it personally, you're deluding yourself.

On 3: Everything we know comes from evidence-based assumptions.
Self help books just aren't my cup of tea. I can understand if someone is struggling with something in their lives but I prefer an interesting work of fiction or science writings if I'm going to pick up a book and read.
They should make this a book high schoolers read before entering college.  It will help them mature before sending them to a place where they have so much freedom that they think they can do/say anything.  
Hahahahaha. I am stuck on ssi that my family deepends ln. If i ever get a job i get no more college benifits and my family is the one to suffer. I deserve no freedom. I deserve to get run over by a car over and over and over again till my brain is flattend like a pan cake on the asphalt road
sounds like masonic bullshit
Somewhere I had heard about this book and did a little internetting about it previously. There is a follow up called The Fifth Agreement, which is: Be skeptical but learn to listen (source: a couple blogs and Amazon reviews ad I don't actually have a copy of the book, take that for what it's worth). 

I think that final piece adds to the other four, but this post has really reminded me I want to read both of these. 
This book turned my life around. I was a troubled teen in a locked down boarding school, had not been doing well in there, and then I found this book in the library. I read it in a day, and started applying it to my life. Everything haa turned around for me since then. I've stayed out of trouble, graduated college with an honors Batchelor degree, have a great group of friends that aren't toxic to my life, and I have never been in trouble with the law. It was life changing, and I cannot recommend this book to enough people. It literally saved me from committing suicide. 
"Be impeccable with you word" huh?
Well I can see you have listened to that advice...
4th agreement os out of the question! Besides, always do your best? Who the fuck am i? Naruto? Should i sleep my best too? Maybe get hyped about sleep then lose it? I cannot and will not operate at 100% all the time... unless, i can convince everyone that my 100% is actually my 30%! Then sure i will give it my all. How's that? 
The last page in The Great Gatsby
the first page of lolita
The all-black page of Tristram Shandy by Lawrence Sterne. It was published in 1767. 

http://special.lib.gla.ac.uk/images/exhibitions/month/Hepburn7_70.jpg
It starts with "Call me Ishmael" :) 
My mother is a fish.
The Lemony Snicket one about deja vu. I see kids every week who look confused as hell when they turn the page and see it twice. 
I am a stick.

I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick.

I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick.

I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick.

*I am a stick?* I am a stick.

I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick. I am a stick.

I am a stick.

I am a stick.

I am a stick.


-- This page intentionally left blank --

How ironic! It's so iconic. Everyone uses it and abuses it. It's like the Wilhelm Scream of literature.
Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat. Splat.  

Didn't Lemony Snicket do something like this, with a page filled entirely with one word?
The mouse's tale in *Alice in Wonderland*, [here](https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Page:Carroll_-_Alice's_Adventures_in_Wonderland.djvu/59). 

4

The Counterforce


What?
- Richard M. Nixon
The first page of Tale of Two Cities is pretty classic.
Well... the first sentence at least.
On page 139 of **The People of Paper** by **Salvador Plascencia**, there is one word, it's the *C-Word*, in italics.  The reason being:
     
  (and this following section is taken from Wikipedia) "She pleads with him, "if you still love me, please leave me out of this story. Start this book over, without me."[3] After this the title page and first dedication page reappear, but not the dedication page for Liz, an absence that suggests the book will start over without reference to Liz." (End Wiki quote)...  
  
   So he calls her that name, and the book "begins again" without her, and sans the dedication page with her name on it.  So my choice is not only one of a single italicized-worded page, but one of omission as well.
The interesting thing about this question to me is that there are some legitimate answers in here. Pages are a fluid concept, and change based on which edition you read, which publisher, if you read it on an e-reader, etc.. But there are people who may legitimately have eureka moments and a single page stands out to them.
Lemony Snicket once more: the copyright page of his so-called *Unauthorized Autobiography* is classic Snicket. 

>No part of this book may be used, destroyed, tampered with, or eaten without written permission except in the case of brief, possibly coded quotations embodied in critical articles, reviews, and subpoenas.

Et cetera.
The problem is that often times the sentence or paragraph can exceed the length of a page or perhaps the content that would make it an excellent page starts half or even three-quarters of the way down, which makes it likely that it will run on into the next page.

EDIT: That being said, the first page of Blood Meridian is pretty freaking great. 
Towards the end of Terry Pratchett's Reaper man. There is a page where DEATH tries to reason for compassion to Azreal. He argues that life should be tended for and looked after before it is taken. And asks for more time to finish his work.
The next page is just 'YES' as a full page.
I really love the chapter 5 of Don Quixote when he declares "I know who I am", same thing for the rhapsody 6 of The Iliad when Glaucus met Diomedes. On that chapter of Don Quixote he made a huge statement about his literary madness as an opposition to the outside world. On The Iliad, Diomedes and Glaucus make peace in the middle of the war. 
I don't really know why, but
[this page](https://books.google.nl/books?id=Virrt_8tsGQC&pg=PA204&lpg=PA204&dq=independent+people+the+boy+and+eternity&source=bl&ots=nd2nyJi4-q&sig=sy7O0dbuqQOvYtzRzm2ySiYZVb4&hl=nl&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwi3tsHJ0s3QAhXNyRoKHVbiB7IQ6AEIJDAA#v=onepage&q&f=false) from Independent People by Halldor Laxness has always stood out to me. The last sentences from the chapter ending on this page have been stuck in my head ever since I read the book years ago. 'The boy and eternity, two friends, the sky cloudless and unending. Yes'

The entire page captures one of the mayor conflicts in the book quite well too. The charm of the old, simple world where everyone is their own master (ending chapter) versus the new economic reality of capitalism and thraldom to the big companies (beginning chapter).
Great Gatsby when he discusses the dresses in the summer house like sails on the water.  It's a page that always stuns me.
http://67.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_luhxbsOr8B1r6qng2o1_500.jpg

and

https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/60/f1/9b/60f19b1d9e41f7315c6b02b33ad20575.jpg
There is a page in "Gould's Book of Fish" by Richard Flanagan where the convict William Buelow Gould goes on about how he is filled with love for life, the universe, and everything.  I'm paraphrasing because it's a long passage (You did say "page," right?) and also because I can't remember it exactly.  
It's just simply amazing.  You have this convict in a penal colony where some of the worst inhumanity Mankind has inflicted upon itself is going on, and he has this moment where he is connected with everyone and everything and is filled with joy and love.  
I pages like these "set down the book" passages.  The kind of thing where you don't want to keep reading- you just want to set down the book and think about what you just read for a while.  Where your heart is just so full of wonder that even another page more might cause some of it to spill over and be lost.  Gould's Book of Fish is a book with not a few of those moments.  Others have noted The Great Gatsby as another.  Little, Big by John Crowley is so stuffed full of them that you could easily read a chapter at a time and call each one a complete Tale in its own right.  

I dunno about the best pages in all of literature, but I really enjoyed that House of Leaves kept up all of its novelty throughout the cover pages and copyright pages.
Any of the last few pages in Part Seven of Anna Karenina. I just finished the book and those pages were some of the greatest I ever read.
I got excited. Then read the article. It was one of the first King books I read. Bummer.
I always find his short stories the best. He sometimes just goes on and on. I couldnt finish Tommyknockers for that reason, also Desperation. 
For me Skeleton Crew is still the best 
Of the Bachman books Roadwork is the one I reread most often.  I just sympathize with Burts slow decline into rage,  his life falls apart not through spectacularly offensive action,  but steady inaction.  The long walk is great.  I'm dying to reread Rage but haven't stumbled across a copy
Title should be "The Best Stephen King Book You Should Never Read."  
Not because it isn't well written or that it doesn't have a tight plot or that the characters aren't believable, or that the situation it portrays is *that* far fetched that it couldn't conceivably come to be...  
But because HOLY CRAP, will it leave you with a gaping hole in your soul.  I routinely lump this in a category called "books that I wish I could un-read."  American Psycho is another.  The Road tops the list, I think.  These are amazing but disturbing works that I would never recommend to be banned/burned/suppressed, but that I would never recommend to a friend for reading.  
I just finished this book yesterday. I am still digesting it, but I really enjoyed it.
The one I never see mentioned is 'The Dark Half', and thats my favourite King book that I've read.
Huge fan of the Dark Tower series so far. I'm only on book three though.
I read it and liked it for the most part.  The ending seemed a bit rushed, to me.
Good job on picking this one up! It's a classic. Sorry you've heard bad things about Burroughs. I've honestly never read anything by him I didn't like, cut-up projects not withstanding. For an added dimension check out the audio book version where Burroughs himself reads the text. His voice and hearing the inflection he ascribes his characters just makes it that much better. Enjoy!
A key to a good appreciation of Burroughs is knowing where he came from... The reason so many people comment negatively upon his work is that they enter into it expecting some entertaining story, when really it's quite tough work to read it. There are so many obscure influences, and his humor is something that most people simply don't get. I love his work and I'm glad you enjoyed it too - and the others in this thread. 

His fascinations with Scientology, Mayans, control, lemurs, and so on are keys to getting into his work and really appreciating it. Also, just knowing that so much of what he says is intended as a joke of sorts. Listen to his readings and you'll find the enjoyment goes further - he's a master of deadpan. 

Also check out the biographies as he lived a fascinating life. The newest one, by Barry Miles, is probably the best.
I've been wanting to read Naked Lunch or Junkie for awhile now, so keep us updated!
> Do not post shallow content.

I'm sorry but your post currently counts as "shallow content." Do you have something else to say about the book that you could edit into the text? Preferably your own thoughts about the book or at the least a description of the book - without spoilers.

Let me know if you edit it & I can reinstate your post.
>I’m that annoying jerk who keeps bugging you to read *Infinite Jest*.

Maybe, but a holiday binge read? It took me *months*.
"Long holiday stretches"
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Can concur; Dhalgren is great for binge-reading. Not sure you can finish it any other way.
No ASOIAF or Malazan? Those are the first things that came to mind.  
Thanks for this!
In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move. 
~The Restaurant at the End of the Universe~
By Douglas Adams
have a listen to the radio 4 play as well, its brilliant
I really hope they make a movie out of it some day!
There are some good qualities to Hitchhiker's, but is the sci-fi part of it really one of them?  It is imaginative, creative, and silly. But is there any "science" behind it in the tradition of great sci-fi?  

If anything it's a lampooning of traditional sci-if. 
I've been sitting on this one for a while. Read a bit of the first one in high school and got sidetracked by another book. This convinced me, grabbing the Kindle version now.
I LOVED the series, but I wish someone had told me to stop before I read the last book though. That ending was definitely not up to par w/ the rest of the series.  
You say you've become very cynical. Some advice - the only way I survived to old age as a cynic was plenty of comedy and plenty of fantasy.  Liberally applied, they soften the edges of cynicism/realism.
So, some people will tell you skip "Mostly Harmless" because they hate it. Everyone seems to be in agreement that "So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish" is great and maybe it became a bit of a tough act to follow.

I like "Mostly Harmless" and will tell you to read it. Yeah, it's a bit of a strange ending to the whole thing and some of the narrative choices are out of the blue but if you like the "What does it all mean?" feeling of sci-fi then I think the conclusion will be for you.
One of the perks of owning a book store... Signed copies of his books!! 
/r/bookscirclejerk
Get to the fifth part where it becomes science fact.  
Even I didn't realise that until I learnt about quantum superposition at uni.
Like a lot of "serious" science fiction, it focuses on philosophical issues as much as it does on any so-called science. I recently read *Hyperion*, the first in another series, and was constantly reminded of Adams's satirical take on God, the universe and everything. Simmons must have read the *Hitchhiker* series, surely?
fun fact, the third book started out as an episode of Doctor Who
As a sci-fi fan, I was not impressed with the hitchhiker's series and had to put it down multiple times just for a breather. I'm glad I picked it up because it had its moments, but it really isn't for everyone. Different strokes I guess.
you can't beat the trilogy of 4, although it does leave you thinking there should have been more to it.
on a sidenote, Alan Rickman as the voice of Marvin is how I will forever hear him, no matter what the medium
It's really genius. There is nothing like it and not only that, but it's just good and funny at the same time!
I'm a math major, and he says very insightful things.  I love BistroMathematics, his Brownian motion... it's awesome.
Can someone explain the book to me? I read it but probably didnt understand it, since I didnt like it at all.

I didnt find the humour that came with complete randomness and stuff like that funny at all, I can see it working for someone though. Was the humour about things just being really random and out of normal supposed to be THAT funny? I just actually got quite disgusted by the book midway reading it.

That book also has gotten so much praise that I think I have just missed the whole book from page 1 to the end cover. Whats the deal here?
i find his airy and quirky style to be nothing more than lampshading poor writing and planning. it's not funny when you realize the guy really was just making it all up as he went. the improbability drive might as well be called the magical literary device of expedience. and in that vein, no the sci fi isnt especially good. it's especially bad. it's all fi and no sci.
people watched on tv for years I never liked it,its ment to be a classic
Borges' Library of Babel.
Unseen University, natch.
Hogwarts had the best library
The Name of the Rose
As I recall, Elminster's library was pretty pimp.
It's not exactly a *library*...but Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore features a very enchanting, unique plot regarding bookstores and the storage of books in ways both magical and digital. 
The Library Of Dream, in the Sandman series, by Neil Gaiman would be pretty cool.  It has all the unpublished works, alternative works, and continuing works by authors, living and dead.
The Library at Mount Char
Does the entirety of Jasper Fforde's Tuesday Next books count? 
The Archive in Kingkiller Chronicle. No windows, uses "magic" (Sympathy) lamps for light sources as fire can put the books at risk, uses underground tunnels as ventilation to deliver air into the building so the paper doesn't become to brittle, has tons of different material from traditional books to "story knots" (literature from the Yllish written down by tying knots into rope), clay tablets, scrolls, and more. It also has an entire section of people dedicated to it that go out into the world and hunt down rare books. The Archive is pretty legit. 
The Great Library of Trantor
Barron's Books and Baubles

Not exactly a library but close enough ;)
I think **The Raw Shark Texts** had some points along which they were travelling through unused sections that always seem to exist on library shelving everywhere.
Dream's library from The Sandman.
 The Cemetery of lost books from the shadow of the wind.
[The Black Library](http://warhammer40k.wikia.com/wiki/Black_Library) from Warhammer 40k, or [Wan Shi Tong's Library](http://avatar.wikia.com/wiki/Wan_Shi_Tong's_Library) from Avatar: The last Airbender/Legend of Korra.
The Library at Mount Char by Scott Hawkins. I won't say much for fear of spoilers but it's a fantastic library and an even better book. 
In terms of librarianship the library from Shades of Grey.
In terms of materials the library from Saboteur.
David Brin's Library, of course.  Best in the five galaxies.
The planet-sized *The Library* from Doctor Who. It contained every book ever written and its caretaker was the moon-sized *Doctor Moon*.
I just finished my 120th read this year. My original goal was 50.

I should probably get a life.
I'm a dirty cheater. 

I actually set mine at 12 books at the start of the year. "One a month, it'll be easy." However, I managed to get there quite quickly. Since that point, I've been upping my reading challenge by around 5 books or so every time I get within 1 book of finishing. 

At this point I'm at 54 of 60. I don't expect to edit my challenge again by the end of the year. So I'll probably end at 60/60.

This is quite a good way of motivating yourself to read as you always have a goal within reach. I tried to do 50 books last year and just found the goal to be so far away that the challenge didn't motivate me at all.
Planned to read 52 books this year, a book a week. Currently at 64, and am in the middle of four books. Pretty surprised and happy about my progress. 
I conservatively put mine at 20 books and am currently at 24! I'm going to fix this by upping to a whopping 50 books next year. 

I think my biggest goal is just to finish my currently reading list. I'm at 12 currently reading right now... including around 4 books at the 50% done mark. I'd like to start 2017 with a clean slate. 
I've stopped tracking my Goodreads challenge (i probably won't even take up the challenge next year onwards).

The reason for this is I realized that, because of taking these challenges for the last 3 years, I unconsciously gravitate towards shorter reads so as to help me reach my reading goal faster.

This year onwards, I want to get into some longer works (like Russian literature, Infinite Jest etc.). My new reading measurement is reading 12000 pages in a year (1000 pages a month). So far, I'm at 11500 pages for 2016, so hoping to achieve it with time to spare.
28/25 atm. I should probably aim a bit higher next year :)
Just started getting into the habit of reading again.  It had been years since I picked up a book and at the beginning of November, I decided to change that.  I set my goal at 10 books since there isn't much time left in the year.  At 6 books so far in November!  

Just finished the first and second book of the *The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo* trilogy and really enjoyed them.  Also read the first book in the Dark Towers series and am looking forward to continuing on.  Also read *The Martian, Darkest Minds, and The Running Man.*  I've gotten into the bad habit of buying an insane amount of books though and have a back catalog that's a mile long.  I think the next series I will tackle is *Mistborn* I bought all three and I've heard amazing things about the series.   
I'm currently at 114/100 with 3 at least over half done and ready to be finished. I think I'll still shoot for the 120 I had been thinking about. I hope to finish *Dorothy Must Die* but I have no idea what I'll do with the other 2. I'll probably just pick up some random book laying around. I had great plans for my Thanksgiving vacation and that didn't exactly work out great :(
I thought I could read 45 this year.
Which is close to previous years.
However, I realize I usually read several small books of poetry, or normal size non-fiction graphic-novels, which are quick reads generally.
This year, not so much. So I am at 36/45
I am currently reading about 10 books simultaneously, so it is conceivably POSSIBLE I could make it...
1. 2666 by Bolano (disappointing so far. I read it every day on my way to work, and I think I will get it done on time)
2. Vertical Mind (a book about mentral training for rock climbing)
3. Shock Doctrine by Naomi Klein (really love this, so I probably will finish it on time)
4. Native Son (easy read, so probably will finish this as well)
5. Mind Design II (probably won't finish it before 2017)
6. Last Stories and Other Stories by William T. Vollmann (fantastic, but I stopped reading it in order to focus on finishing 2666)
7. Rising Up and Rising Down by William T. Vollmann (it is 3,300 pages long. So no, not this year, maybe not next year either)
8. Ethics by Peter Singer (a collection of essays and works about ethics. Probably won't finish it)
9. Training for the New Alpinism
10. Final Empire by Brandon Sanderson (my friend wants me to read this Fantasy novel. It's fun. But I'm not a big fantasy person)
I'm with you there - I set my goal to 25, after blazing through my initial goal of 15 early in the year. Work and life seems to have gotten in the way these last few months but I am determined to make it to at least 20, as I'm at 18 right now.
Set it at 24, I've read 29 and figure I'll end up at 32/33 on the year. Gonna shoot for 40 in 2017, really happy with this year I really got myself back into reading as my main hobby/form of entertainment
I... have read 15 out of my 25 point list, BUT I've put some really serious books in there that I was not ready to read yet or just not in the mood  for. I feel justified though because I also read like 15 that weren't on the list in the first place xd I couldn't stop myself. Now on the list I have left:
1.Don Kichote
2. Moby Dick
3. Les Miserables
4. The mask Of sanity by H. Cleckley
5. Illiad
6. Girl with a pearl earring
7. The Hunchback of Notre-Dame
8. King Lear
9. THE BIBLE
Yeah I don't know what I was thinking putting the bible in there, I know I will not read it. Now you know what I meant by saying I have "serious books" in there. I'm gonna try to read 2 or 3 by the end of the year and for the next list remember to STICK TO IT :D

I've read 27 of my 45. I counted the books that I read my children this year since on the other hand most of other reads were quite large and took more time than usual.
Last year, I beat my GoodReads reading goal by a few books, and this year I decided to set the same goal -- 26 books for the year (the thinking being, a book every two weeks or so). 

However, I then decided to finally tackle reading **The Master and Margarita** in Russian, and that took me like 2 months to finish. I'm currently at 13 books read for the year, and unless I pretty much don't do anything else in December but read, I don't think I'll reach the goal this year :(

All of this also has me thinking of what I should do for next year. I want to set it to 26 again, but I also want to read **War and Peace** and maybe **Anna Karenina** and some other Russian classics (all in Russian), so I may be pushing it with that...
My goal was 20 books and I've read... 6!

With any luck I'll do better next year.
Set a goal of 20 books in 2016, with an additional requirement that some of them had to be all-time greats. I picked Moby Dick as required reading which took me about a month to finish, and the burnout afterwards took me another month. I finally finished the challenge yesterday with *Chernobyl Prayer* by Svetlana Alexeievich which was an absolutely amazing choice for book #20.

I'm happy that I did 20/20 but I sometimes felt like reading books became just another chore. I'm not sure what to do for 2017, but I think I might lower the goal a little bit so that I don't have to force myself to read.
I had 70, and done about 85, but around 80% of those are comics and manga.
I wanted to read 50 and I'm at 80-something. I think my list for the rest of the year was:

* The Hanging Tree by Ben Aaronovitch
* Death's End by Liu Cixin 
* The Wall of Storms by Ken Liu
* The Fireman by Joe Hill 

But I've had that same list for a whole month and I've just been reading other stuff instead lol
My goal was 24 and I am up to 35. I did very well this year, with plenty of travel and much less TV as well. I also listen to books (mostly self-improvement ones) in the car as well. Some of my highlights this year were Shantaram (which took a while to read but was great!), The Red Rising Triology, Grit and now I am enraptured by The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo series. 
I've met my total book count (53/52) but there are a five more books that I wanted to read this year so I wont consider myself really done until those are completed. The 53 books I have read include three graphic novels and a couple of novellas so it is a less impressive number than it looks, but it's been an incredible reading year and I'm very happy both with the amount I've read and what I've read this year. 
I'm at 131, with 104 (2 per week) my goal. I was actually trying to read less than the past two years when I've gone over 200 because I'm in the second year of grad school (STEM, totally not the kind of thing you need to do a lot of novel-reading for). Next year I'm hoping to move on to a PhD so maybe I'll have to cut myself back to 52 (1 per week).
Have fun with the hitchhiker's "trilogy"! 

I set the goal for 40 books this year. I'm up to 39, however 8 of those are graphic novels and art books that took about 20 minutes each to read, so I'm hoping to replace those with novel-length books. 
On deck:

1. Jailbird by Kurt Vonnuget
2. Castle in the Air by Dianne Wynne Jones
3. The Baron in the Tree by Italo Calvino
4. The Portable Door by Tom Holt
5. H.P. Lovecraft At The Movies
6. The Five People You Meet In Heaven by Mitch Albom
7. Into The Air by Italo Calvino
8. The Sound and the Fury by William Faulkner
9. The Road by Cormac McCarthy

Not much time left for such a long list, so we'll see how it goes...

Planned to read just 10 books this year, but stuck at book 5. Final year of engineering + size of books really slows you down if you ask me. 
I set 25 as a challenge, but due to health issues read very little and very slowly for the first 8 months of the year. I read 3 books between January and August this year, but have read 14 in the time since then and am closing in on my 15th (about 50 pages left).

I'm determined to at least hit 20 by the end of the year, but I'm going to try my hardest to hit 25. 
Completed my goal of reading 20 books in their system (though there's more stuff I've read that doesn't seem to have a page).

Might up it to 30 for next year.
I put down 30 since what with uni and me being a lazy good for nothing, I figured I wouldn't go past 20. Currently at 31. I've got a bunch of famous classics that I figured I'd read since seemingly everyone's read them.  
  
Stuff like Jane Eyre, Dracula, Frankenstein, Tale of Two Cities.
I'm currently at 50/52. This is the most I've read in a year.

Finally splurging on a Kindle Paperwhite and joining a couple of group challenges this year made all the difference. 

I've just completed the A-Z Challenge but I'm still about 15 books behind the Around the Year in 52 Books Challenge --and it's looking like I won't be able to finish the second challenge in time :(
My goal was 24 and so far I've read 32! I'm hoping to at least read two more to beat my goal by an even 10. 

Right now, I'm reading **The Sixth Lamentation** and then on to **Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children** because my SO recommended it. 
I had hoped to reach 52 this year but it seems I'll fall short due to reading The Stand + Shogun at the start of the year and a complete re-read of the Wheel of Time + Way of Kings + Words of Radiance.

Currently on 41 completed having just now finished my WoR re-read. Can't say I'm disappointed though, over 35,000 pages and I've read my favourite 2 series again!

There's always next year for 52!
You finish your exams on my birthday haha.

My reading has slown down this week, and I haven't read as much as I'd like, but I've read 47 books this year, and my goal was 52. (If I didn't had that 2-3 month no reading gap, I could've gone through maybe 70 or 80 even. But I've got some good stuff lined up for the rest of the year and even better for the next.
I started out with 20 books, but I've read a fair number of graphic novels this year so I gradually bumped it up to 50.  Right now I'm at 48 and I'm halfway through two books. However, it has been slow going with them.  All the ugliness and negativity going on with the election really depressed me and I could't get into anything for weeks.  I'm finally picking the two books back up (*'Salem's Lot* by Stephen King and *The Nordic Theory of Everything: In Search of a Better Life* by Anu Partanen), I should finish them both in a week or two.
I've never done a challenge before. I've always just read when I could—but my schedule is so busy that I don't read enough. I think I'll set my 2017 challenge to 30 books (and add more if I hopefully surpass that number!), and I'll include December 2016 in with 2017 simply because I'm raring to jump into it! I'm about to start The Girls by Emma Cline so I suppose this will be the beginning of my challenge. 
28/24 for my reading challenge so far. I think I might attempt 50 for my 2017 goal. I have a few books left to finish in 2016 including; 

Spillover, by David Quammen

The girl with all the gifts, by M.R. Carey

This census-taker, by China Mieville
Terrible, planned to read 30 books (same as last year), and have just read 15 :(
28 out of 30. I just started "Do Not Resuscitate" by Nicholas Ponticello, which will bring me to 29. I don't really plan what to read next; just finish what I'm reading and see what I'm in the mood for afterward. Nothing longer than 400 pages to make sure I meet my goal, though.

I don't know if I'm going to do the challenge next year; maybe I'll set the bar low and read only books nearing 1,000 pages. my husband bought me a copy of "House of Leaves", and I have a feeling between that and book one of "The Familiar", Mark Danielewski's going to be messing up my average for next year!
Currently at 57/50. 

I kind of stalled out in the summer, only read four books in those four months, but got back on track once my commute started back up. 2 to 2.5 hours every weekday helps a sister out a lot to get some reading time in.

Also when I can spend 3 hours reading at works is nice.

Don't get too down about not reaching your goal, I believe in you and am proud of what you've accomplished this year. Remember to drink lots of water during finals, eat good meals, and get plenty of rest before your exams. Don't do all nighters, studies show that those are bad for you.

Good luck with school!
First year really reading for my enjoyment and not for school/work. 

Started in June with a goal of 6. Finishing off with 11 if I don't finish IT. Have 400 pages left so it's doable. 

Either way really enjoying my new hobby and find myself having deeper thoughts and spreading my world view. 

Favorite: Slaughter House Five

Worst: Omnivore's Dilemma 
I posted last week about hitting 100.  I'm on 102 now, hoping to tackle 11/22/63 and a few others in December.
Was planning of 52, only got to 32, school finishes soon so hopefully i can up that number. Want to read east of eden, hamilton, and bernie sanders:our political revolution. 
I just realized I'm at 45 of 50 and I'm not sure I'll make it... But I'm going to try!! Only 2ish weeks of classes left and then I'm reading like crazy.
I planned to read 50 books, and I'm currently up to about 63. 

Hoping to get through:

* the Essex Serpent
* Bad Ass Librarians of Timbuktu
* The Postmistress
* Madame Bovary

...and a bunch of other review requests. 
I planned on 52, but stuff happened and I fell off the wagon in August.  Goodreads says I'm at 34, so I might make it to 40 by year end.  That's still a lot more than normal though. 

Currently reading:    

- The Bible (NKJV):  I've been working on this all year, and right now I'm into Paul's letters.  
- *What If?* by Randall Munroe
- *Gladiator* by Dan Clark

I don't exactly plan ahead, but I have a bit of cleanup I'd like to do by year end:  

- *The Kitchen God's Wife* by Amy Tan:  I wanted to pick a few books off of my wife's shelf.  This is probably the only one I'll get to this year.  
- *The Girl who Played with Fire* by Stieg Larsson:  started this months ago, just kinda petered out for no good reason.  
 
I put it at 75 because I hit about that last year and I passed that in July. I edited it to be 135 and I'm on 122 right now. 

I have a few cheats though: an hour commute (on bike or bus, it doesn't matter) so I get two hours of reading or listening (audiobooks) per weekday. I read to my son almost every night so that's a book for my list. The last book I read to him was Something Wicked This Way Comes, and the next book will be Animal Farm. Or 1984, not sure yet. (He's in the sixth grade) Right now we're reading some middle school drivel because they can't all be winners. 
79/93 and 5 books behind according to Goodreads. I fell into a funk for a month and a half and am now trying to catch up. Part of it was I kept trying to force myself to finish these books that just weren't great or that I wasn't really into just because they were on my list and/or popular. 

I just finished two great books and just started listening to one this morning that completely grabbed me from the get go! My goal next year will be to just say no to the mediocre books *as soon as* I feel they're not worth it. :)
This is the first year in about 10 years (at least) I likely won't hit 100/year since it was a super busy year for me.  Hoping to get maybe to 80 (currently at 68). 
I started reading in May 23rd and have so far finished 35 books, My goal is 50 for the end of the year but I don't think I'm going to manage it, My pace started to slow down when I started reading a series of unfortunate events. 
Currently at 36/30, might be able to get to 40 by the end of the year. I might be lowering that just a bit next year, as I plan to read some of the larger books on my shelf (Infinite Jest, I'm looking at you... d-don't glare at me like that...)

Thinking I might get through Chigozie Obioma's 'The Fishermen' and Adam Johnson's 'Fortune Smiles' in the next month. We'll see, there's no hurry.
I set my goal for 18 books and am only just about to finish book 7. 

I spent some time starting Infinite Jest, which I did not finish and am not counting towards the goal this year. I found what I read of Infinite Jest to be amazing, but I was distracted by a vacation and then just fell out of the rhythm of reading that book. It does seem to require concentration. Hope to try it again next year.

I will not hit my goal this year, but I am hoping to finish another book or two by the end of the year.
I'm at 32/40 after going 56/52 last year. I usually have 2-3 books going at a time, but starting in September I foolishly set up a perfect storm with Beckett's Trilogy (Molloy, Malone Dies, and The Unnamable), Within a Budding Grove (vol. 2 of In Search of Lost Time), and The Enneads of Plotinus. My progress came to a screeching halt under the weight (or density) of these three books. I just finished Beckett, and I'll get the Proust done, and hopefully one or two more. I'm not holding out much hope for finishing the Enneads before the end of the year, though. 
Originally set my goal for 75 books and didn't think I would be able to make it. But I did and am currently at 90 books! Hoping I can make it to 100 before the year is up
Currently at 58/52. I'm really happy with that - the last 3 years I've been averaging about 51 a year, and I think I'll finish this year at about 62.
I made a real effort to spend more time reading and less time on technology this year, as well as reading quite long books (Dark Towers series, Lotr, Century Trilogy) instead of always picking smaller ones.

Definitely a great reading year for me! 
I set my challenge to 30, but have ended up surpassing that. I'm currently at 66. I plan to read at least 75 books by the end of the year.  
I'm at 140 out of 150 and was on track to finish no problem... until my ereader broke. I get the warranty replacement next weekend but it means it'll be tight to meet my goal!
I set it for 75 and have read 72, I just started rereading The Stand though and since its over 1000 pages I'll probably have to go for a couple shorter novels to finish the year
I've been sick with various things this year and unemployed for much of the year (just to explain my number a bit!) - I'm up to 185. My original goal was 100 which I've obviously surpassed. 
I'd originally set mine for 70, but an honours degree kind of got in the way, so I rounded it down to a nice solid 52. I'm on my way to completing it now, here's what I'm hoping to get to before the end of the year:

* The Circle by Dave Eggers (currently reading, promising so far)
* Anya's Ghost by Vera Brosgol
* Are You My Mother? by Alison Bechdel
* Autumn by Ali Smith

I also really want to tackle the collection of Ted Chiang's works on my ereader, but I also want to see *Arrival* first.
I started the challenge a few weeks ago, and decided to count the weeks left in the year and add that to the amount of books I've already read. I am now at 26 of 30, so I think I'll make it
30 was the goal, currently on 32 which I should finish this week. Another month full of reading to go with a lot more time over the christmas break.
I didn't do the challenge but my goal was 24 books, finished 19 and halfway through number 20 (Uprooted). I will probably start The Paying Guest by Sarah Waters before the end of the year but I doubt I'll finish it.

I'm sure if I counted comic I'll have more but I don't.
I am on my 46th book of the 50 book challenge.  I thought 50 books might be way too easy, but I really didn't factor in work as well as I should have.  Next year I'm going back to school and I will pair down my challenge to 24 or 25.
I set my goal of 50 books in January, then forgot about it, then remembered it by late July... right now I'm at 45/50 but for next year I think I'm gonna go for less but longer books (War and Peace, Crime and Punishment and the like), I'm aiming at 36 books next year (3 books per month)
I hit 16 books just before I started my first semester of graduate school this September. Needless to say, I'm still at 16 books. :)

I'm planning to read a few during my winter break though!
My original goal was 50 but then I started reading graphic novels so I bumped the number up to 75. I just finished #89 and I'll hopefully hit 95 by the end of the year. 

Wondering if I should stick to a 50 book goal next year or bump it up. 
I was so excited about the challenge! I set my goal to 45 (I read 39 in 2015, so I thought why not try). After a really shitty year, I'm at 28 now, and not too happy. I will try to read a few more in the next month though:

1. Imprimatur by Monaldi and Sorti - currently reading
2. A Tale of Two Cities by Dickens
3. Middlesex by J. Eugenides
4. Corrections by Franzen

Set myself a target of 12, 1 for each month and I'm currently on 23, with the hope of adding 2 more before 2017! 
Currently, I'm at 14/25 books read. Since I'm a full time student, I figured I would get loads of reading done over the summer but I ended up working full time and neglected reading. I'm trying to read a little in the mornings before I go to class or work but it hasn't been working out too well lately. I finish school Dec 13th so I'll have plenty of time to catch up on some reading before the year is over. 
Set mine for 35 which I've read 45 so far though I haven't liked as many of the books. My top are The Bell Jar, Say Nothing to the Dog, Night Film, Fight Club, After Dark and To Kill A Mockingbird. 

Looking to finish The Plague, Once A Runner,  The Beautiful and the Damned and The Sirens of Titan before the end of the year. But I never stick to lists...
Set mine to 40 and failed. Have finished 31 so far. A month ago I stopped going for the challenge because I noticed I wasn't liking the fact I needed to read to get to the goal. I want to read because I want to and not to get to a certain number.

I also noticed I wanted to read certain books but wouldn't because 'they would take too long and I still need to read 2 books this month'.

So last month I just said screw it and started to read what I wanted, when I wanted. Last year I read 16 books this year I'm finishing up book nr. 32 so that's a win in my book. I guess these reading challenges aren't for me.


It never did. Even with the NY Times Best Seller list it was/is not about how many books were sold, but how many were sold at which "reporting" stores on which dates.


"Bestselling" is meaningless to me, but not for the reasons being discussed here. As a reader, I don't care much for how many books a writer has sold. That tells me little about the book. McDonald's probably has the bestselling hamburger, few would argue that it's a great hamburger.
Didn't Church of Scientology members buy up cases of "Dianetics" to keep the sales number high?
It's never really meant much to me, it seems like every book is a bestseller these days. If it's not on the nyt list it'll usually be on something else.
I have read articles on exactly what you are saying; if I find a link, I'll post it. But, yes, the actual numbers are not always known, some numbers are hidden, and different bestseller lists count different things. It is really just a marketing tool, now.
Nah, selling a lot of books isn't necessarily an indication of quality.
Most of the books on the NYT bestseller list are total garbage. Let's be real about that. 

The best books I've read recently were never bestsellers and probably never will be. If you're into philosophy look up Semiotext(e). The books they publish are never "popular" but they're always great in my experience (though if you want a neat historical tidbit *The Coming Insurrection*, a book written by anarchists about how civilization is collapsing, ended up becoming a bestseller because Glenn Beck used to wave a copy around on his show and call it "the most evil thing I've ever read", so there's that)

You want real gold find an independent book store, walk to the back of it where nobody goes, and look around in there. 
Have you tried looking up the number of books that they have sold? That would normally be the main clue.
It means during the initial life of a book, it gets free advertising in a widely read medium like the NYT.

It means over the life of a book, all subsequent printings can include NYT Bestseller, which is perceived by book buyers as a strong endorsement by NYT.

It means over the writing life of an author, every book can now include the blurb "By NYT Bestselling Author of...", which is perceived by book buyers as a strong endorsement.

TL;DR: making bestseller lists can be better for your writing career than not making the lists.
To me, it means that the author has written a bestseller. 
Dont think so. If they're nominated by popularity then they're best selling :) 
It points that whoever wrote whatever book is making enough money to get by this year. 

Pretty important stuff, in my opinion. 

Started reading this book last week after hearing it would be a good follow up to Infinite Jest. It's not Infinite Jest, but I still find it very entertaining having burned through almost the whole book this past weekend.
Sweet.
I've been meaning to pick that up. Heard a lot of great reviews for it.
one of my favourites. Profound and hilarious in equal measure 
I may re-read this. Its nice that were not doing a trendy book of the week because of some author ama this time. I read Underworld by Delillo earlier this year. I didn't enjoy it as much.
Excited to participate
Just to provide a counter to the gushing I see.... I detested this book with a passion. No book I've ever read has engendered this level of dislike in me. It's been over 20 years since I read it the 2nd time (was hoping a reread would allow me to find the value I missed the first time), and I have no intention of reading it again.

Please don't let that stop you from reading it. Just remember that if you hate it, you aren't the only one.
Cool.... This is next on my list. And this will force me to speed up on Bleeding Edge, which I've been slacking on, sadly, not because it isn't great...it's a barrel of octopuses... but because I've been junking out on The West Wing and Heroes of Might and Magic 3.
[removed]
I always found a big appeal of Dickens to be his descriptions. Tale of Two Cities is one of the best examples. Try reading the passage introducing and describing Tellsons Bank. One of my all time favorites. 

Also, if it helps, that book is a great tale of death and life, and the glory of (or at least importance of) sacrifice. 
It's a struggle to read a lot of times. It jumps around and Dickens will go on and on about some trivial thing that bores you to death. But, the end is worth it. Honestly the last part of the book is what made it so amazing for me. Chills to this day just thinking about it!
If you have trouble reading it try reading it aloud. Some Victorian novels were meant to be read aloud to ppl. Ppl would get together and listen to readings.

Also remember one key point. The first part will make sense later. 
Go to the will power store and buy some and try reading it again. Only you know, this time use your new will power and just keep reading past the first chapter.
This is a really good story! There's a love triangle. You just need to get further into it. I suppose you can watch the movie first and then read the book. 
I had almost exactly the same trouble.  Skip the first chapter.  It's quite a bit of very flowery wording trying to set the tone for the current setting and political/ economic tension.  Skip it.  Things happen afterwards.
Try watching the movie version first.  In this instance, it could be beneficial, especially if it means reading or not reading it.
The last 3 chapters are absolutely amazing. Dickens was a little over descriptive, when it came to laying the scene in the opening chapter, but if you are able carry on reading through, you will eventually realise why.

In short, It's a tale of love, sacrifice & revenge at a time of revolution. But I'm guessing you know that. 
What were your favorite books growing up? Are they still your favorites? How have your reading tastes changed through your life? 
How do you decide what to write about? 
What is your writing process like? 
Why did you decide to use different aliases? And how did you pick the names? 
Hey Maddie! Thanks for taking the time to do an AMA. When you write fiction, where do you get your inspiration--from your own life, secondhand stories from friends and family, or is it all from the depths of your own mind?
What are your sure fire ways to get through a bad case of writers block? 
Hi! Thanks for your questions today! I'm signing off now to go write a book...but I'll check back later to see if there are any more comments or replies. Thank you! - Maddie
I've written a bit for magazines, but I've done it for free. How much experience do you need before you can make money for it? 
Hi, who are you're personal favorite authors and what kind of books do you prefer to read?
Are tou able to write anywhere, or do you have a "writing space"? I used to write frequently (obviously nothing as prolific as your work), but since I moved to a new city and home, I can't seem to get very much into it because I'm not in a comfortable physical location. What would be your advice for myself, and others with the same issue?
Do you journal at all, if so what do you tend to write about? 

Name me a hidden gem that everyone should read, but no one really knows about. 
I have been a litter scared to jump into binary options, been following for a few months, but once I got enough confidence to go for the shot - it worked. Tks
I think it could be a fascinating story.
Please write it! Not only does your life really sound interesting,  I think you can also help girls in similar situations like yours...
Good luck! :)
Personally, I would. I would say you should check out our [Writing-Related Subreddits](https://www.reddit.com/r/books/wiki/relatedsubreddits#wiki_subreddits_for_writers) from our sidebar. Hopefully they can be helpful as you decide whether or not to write your book, and, if you do, as you begin to write it, hit stumbling points, need feedback, and even eventually publish.

Best of luck!
I know someone who would really like a book like that. Maybe even two actually. When does the book come out?

Any Palestian/Egpytian authors you look up to? Authors you look to for inspiration? Your story has great potential!
I think is great , I shared some of the same values to an extent.i do believe there's a god, just not the one portrait in major religions. I hope we are able to look at the work you're planning on doing very soon.
I think this would be a fascinating book.  Please make sure you let us know when we can read it!
Give it a try !
I got through the first one alright. Listened to it on audio and I was a bit confused for a while. Was it confusing reading it? If you had it to do all over again, would you continue past the first book?
I liked them all quite a bit, but the first was the most interesting for me. It had a unique perspective and it had you piece things together that as a whole were actually interesting. It kind of is a strange experience trying to figure out who is actually the person with the perspective and who is actually a male character (which doesn't actually matter if you ignore it). The other books were not as great, but as far as new sci-fi series go, it's one of the best. 
Personally, I liked the 2nd book best. The interaction of the ship with no ancillary and the ancillary without a ship was well developed. In my opinion, I thought 2 had the most character development.
Whilst i agree that sex shouldn't be relevant when composing a list of books, a title like the one for this article paired up with the content is a tad click-baity. 

I can understand the rage, but the author could at least actually make a list... you know? 

I don't know Jack Kerouac and i haven't read *Lolita* yet to talk about their supposed problems, but i completely disagree with the critique on Hemmingway. His portrayal of a man in conflict, the one i read in *For whom the bell tolls* was quite interesting. The desire to start a life with the loved one was put in balance daily with the risk of getting killed in a military raid of the fascist spanish faction. While i think the description was romanticized, i wouldn't say it was garbage, not at all. 
> The list is a reminder that the magazine is for men, and that if many young people now disavow the “binaries” of gender, they are revolting against much more established people building up gender like an Iron Curtain across humanity.

Are people disavowing the binaries of gender?  I think most people are still pretty down with them.  But it's funny because then the article goes on to **focus on the binaries of gender** so what was she even trying to say?  Hilariously hypocritical and pointless.
Interesting take on that list that men should read, however, I think reading something that might be a little offensive or something different from your view could be interesting and leads to growth potential. Even if you read it and close it and say "yup, crap, just like I thought", at least it was tried instead of just taking someone else's word for it. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/5fl8n8/100_books_every_woman_should_read/
I understand the books for men/women lists, though they are pointless if you don't exclude the books that are equally likely to appeal to either gender (if you don't it just becomes a list of n books everyone should read, for any reasonable n), but this is slightly confusing.  There are plenty of books that aren't *worth* reading, and books one gender is less likely to enjoy than another, but I guess the idea of a list of books one *shouldn't* read is a bit silly to me, especially when divided along gender lines.  
My takeaway is books should not be this
 >In other words, books are instructions, you read them to be a man, and that’s why men need their own list

and should be this instead 
>These books are, if they are instructions at all, instructions in extending our identities out into the world, human and nonhuman, in imagination as a great act of empathy that lifts you out of yourself, not locks you down into your gender.
Or maybe instead of ingesting chick flick novellas promoted by listicles, you could take a crack at any of the hundreds of works of literature referenced during the series.
If i binge-watch Gilmore Girls, the next thing im reading is the Necronomicon
It is probably pretty close to this [list](http://www.psychalive.org/helpful-books-for-teen-suicide-prevention/)
They forgot to mention a suicide prevention pamphlet. I know I'd need one after watching that garbage
I believe her son helped with authoring this. He is quite prolific on Facebook,. (And an all around nice guy.)
>"The difficulty all has to do with the fact that you're writing a story completely out of order," says Bissell. "You have very little awareness of what the gameplay leading up to it and coming out of it is going to be. There aren't even levels yet. You're writing scenes that are planted in the middle of this completely unknown ether."

>"You write out of order because you're developing out of order," adds Fergusson. "You don't want to start with the beginning of the game, because the first things you create will not be as good as the last things you create. So you tend to go to the middle, and you tend to start with the middle and work your way out."

That explains a lot. Most journalism (and a lot of fictional stories) begin with a strong opener or intro chapter before jumping into the meat of the story. It sounds like a lot of modern developers are just throwing whatever they can at a wall and seeing what sticks.

The article even highlights the difference between a modern title like GoW4 and Deus Ex. The latter acknowledges virtually every alternate solution to any situation. Did you skip a sidequest chain? Characters point it out. Found an unintended shortcut? You find something special or get extra information about the world. Killed a major character before you're supposed to? Other NPCs will point out how forward-thinking you are when you meet them later on.
Reading is a pleasing activity that also serves to improve one's thinking.  There really isn't a downside.

I think reading, in itself, is a challenge to your preconceptions and values, since you are constantly exposing yourself to new ideas and different views.
I don't think so; it doesn't feel self-congratulatory to me. It might depend of the reasons for reading, though. If you just pick the biggest and the densest so you can brag about it later, maybe. 

But if you're reading because you want the knowledge or the experience or the enjoyment, it's just like any other non-masturbatory pastime. 
I think that reading a lot can certainly be placed in the same category as binge watching something, but there's nothing inherently wrong with that.  I also don't know that I agree that "gaining knowledge for the sake of it" is hollow.  Any knowledge gained -no matter the motivation- is intellectual growth.  One may not have an immediate use for the information gained, but that's not to say that it won't be useful in the future.  I also feel that more information (regardless of source) can help one develop a better understanding of the views of others -though not necessarily consciously.  
I believe that saying that gaining knowledge that is "hollow" is self-congratulatory is the same as saying that earning money you don't need to survive is self congratulatory.  Just because you don't need it now, doesn't mean that it isn't good to have in the bank.  
Granted, there are some who read a lot simply to feel superior to others, and that is where I would agree with you.  However, asking this question would seem to exclude one from that group.
Also, that topic title may be one the best things I've ever seen.  It's a really interesting thought.  However, even if it is intellectual masturbation, what's wrong with that?  It feels good and doesn't hurt anyone.  
Well then read things that challenge what you think you know. If your concern really is the "hollow, self-congratulatory pursuit of knowledge" (*what?* btw), I totally fail to see how *not* trying to gain greater perspective, information, and personal growth is going to help in anyway.
Mostly when I read any knowledge or pleasure is implicit and hard to articulate. So I have no qualms with excessive reading. But I understand how others might. 
Is exercising a lot "masturbating" or "self-congratulatory?"
Read Camus' **The Fall,** and come back to tell us how you feel about people over-thinking and self-accusing, while doing mostly harmless / good things.

Bonus if you read **the Stranger** as well, and tell us if you think Clamence is really an "improvement," or lived a better life, than Meursault. 

I'm not being snarky.  Western thinkers have a tradition of emphasizing rational thinking and endless examination.  "I think, therefore I am.  But am I a brain in a jar?"  

If you enjoy reading, that's all there is to it.  I live life, I enjoy pleasure, I seek and enable solidarity, therefore I am.  The passionate, fulfillment seeking side of human nature deserves recognition too.
I've always viewed reading as more akin to going to the gym 
Well, you can do it by yourself or have someone else do it for you. You can do it one handed. It's fun. It relieves stress. You can do it nearly anywhere. You shouldn't do it while driving. Materials used to be mostly paper based but have moved to digital content. Yep. Reading is a lot like masturbation. 
No, it's more like therapy, or meditation; it's a solitary activity.  Now, talking about reading is another thing . . .
Haha obviously they've never read the free Kindle books on Amazon. 
got reminded of that feeling I had as a teenager when I would be watching a movie with my parents and then a sex scene would happen; this embarrassed–curious–entertained mix
The one from Tom Connelly is pretty funny.
These really don't strike me as very bad. Some of the language is a little coarse, but I liked some of the imagery. 
I read few books that contain sex scenes, so I don't know good ones to compares these to. Examples?
No mention of *50 Shades*? For shame.
>**Rinpoche's Remarkable Ten-Week Weight Loss Clinic** (published Feb 2016)

>Rinpoche's Remarkable Ten-Week Weight Loss Clinic brings back two main characters from Roland Merullo's beloved Buddha Trilogy (Breakfast, Lunch, and Dinner with Buddha). This time, though, instead of cruising the American road together, Otto Ringling and Volya Rinpoche are part of the famous meditation master's offbeat weight loss clinic, held over the course of ten Saturdays in a New York City yoga studio. 

http://www.rolandmerullo.com/rinpoches-remarkable-ten_week.php
Prisons.
How does shipping and donating to a local university kid from Pakistan sound?
Library?
Rehabs can always use books! 
This is an appropriate place to look. Unfortunately, I can't help you beyond the rule clarification :/
**The Gunslinger by Stephen King** I am almost done with this book, my first venture into the dark tower series. Overall I have enjoyed it but do agree that it can be a little slow at some times. 
Still reading The Opposite Of Loneliness by Marina Keegan
- This is a great book that I haven't finished completely but continuously read and reread passages out of

Rereading American Psycho by Bret Easton Ellis
- I forgot how funny this book is and am excited because I'm just getting to the first victim. 

Still reading Fingerprints of the Gods by Graham Hancock
- It's fun to occasionally touch on things like this 'alternative history'

Starting soon The Picture of Dorian Grey by Oscar Wilde
- I bought this book because it was a collection of Wilde's works, so I figured I would start with Dorian Grey


"The Matchmaker", by Thorton Wilder
It's a play so maybe it counts, I don't like it very much.
**The Way of Kings, by Brandon Sanderson**

I've been a bit of a 'classic lit snob' lately so I thought I'd shake it up with some fantasy. I'm about a quarter of the way through and really enjoying it. He goes a bit overboard with the expositionspren, but the characters, plot and concepts so far have been pretty on point. 

The stories of the few characters introduced so far have weaved together in really nice, subtle ways. It gives me confidence that he's gonna absolutely nail the climax.



**Roadside Picnic,by Arkady Strugatsky**
About halfway through. Really great story and the story behind how the book made its way to western bookshelves makes it even more fascinating-but there's something about the writing style that makes it hard for me to read huge parts of it at a time-and I say this as someone who isn't particularly bothered by Sartre's writing style.I'm guessing that just has to do with how it's translated, as I've heard even the latest translation is somewhat clunky.
**The City and The Ciy, by China Mieville**
**Collected Ghost Stories, by M.R. James**

**If on a winter's night a traveler, by Italo Calvino**
**Mort, by Terry Pratchett** 

my first Discworld book (started using Death's storyline using guide found here [click](http://www.epicreads.com/uploads/blog/Discworld_ReadingGuide_Infographic_EpicReads.jpg)). so funny. i only read on commute so now i must look like a real idiot because i'm constantly smiling ear to ear while on the bus.

favorite quote so far, from the first 55 pages: "EMOTIONS GET LEFT BEHIND, IT'S ALL A MATTER OF GLANDS."
**Sweetbitter, by Stephanie Danler**.  I'm about a third of the way through.  So far it's just about a girl learning to be a waitress. It's kind of interesting but nothing I would really recommend, at least not yet.
**Divergent by Veronica Roth**

I had seen the movie 2 or 3 years ago, which I loved.  I'm enjoying the book as well.
**1Q84, by Haruki Murakami**. An awesome read so far. 
**All The Light We Cannot See, by Anthony Doerr**

I'm really enjoying the quick pace, with the short, alternating chapters, and the writing is beautifully descriptive without being overly verbose. 
I'm reading The Doomed City by the Strugasky Brothers
**Neverwhere, by Neil Gaiman** glad to be reading his first book 
**Behind closed doors, by B.A Paris** 
It's really hard to put down. 
**Memories of Ice, by Steven Erikson**

**The Nature of Freedom, by Graham Cooke**
Surprisingly did not get much of **Ahsoka, by E. K. Johnston** read last week, so I'm still on that. Then it's on to **Headhunters, by Jo Nesbo**. 
Still working on Eye of the World, by Robert Jordan. Couple hundred pages left. Great book. 
I have book ADD so I'm currently reading:

**House of Leaves by Mark Z. Danielewski**

I've been excited to read this for a long time, but it's very challenging! I love a challenge though, so this one is dedicated to my before-bed read when I have time to enjoy it. I'm only about 45 pages in, and keep getting really thrown off by the narrator and his weird stories. I've seen a lot of debate on how to read this novel, but I might just read the Navidson part first and go back later. Haven't decided yet.

**At the Mountains of Madness by HP Lovecraft**

Just a short one, actually its from a collection of short ones I have, that I'm working through on my coffee breaks at work. Really creepy so far! Got a Thing vibe to it.

**The Book Thief by Markus Zusak**

Recommended to me by a younger coworker of mine. Only about 50 pages into it, and, even though it's marketed as "young adult", I must say I really love the writing style and the narrator really hits a chord with me. Heard that it's heartbreaking so don't spoil the tears for me!
**The Water Knife by Paolo Bacigalupi** and **Cat's Cradle by Kurt Vonnegut**
This week I am reading **The Girl with all the gifts, by M. R. Carey** and **A million years in a day, by Greg Jenner** 
Taking a break from **Everythings Eventual, by Stephen King** and starting **Sword of Destiny, by Andrzej Sapkowski**. My friend got me The Last Wish a few months ago and it's the book that got me back into reading. Im really excited to continue on into the Witcher series. 
**2666 by Roberto Bolano**
**The Girl with All the Gifts, by MR Carey**

This has been on my to-read list for awhile. Listening to it on audiobok. I'm only a chapter in. 

**Underground Airlines, by Ben Winters**

Set in today (so there's cellphones, atms, etc) but the Civl War never happened and so there are 4 states where slavery still exists (called The Hard Four). We're following a free black man as he's tracking an escaped slave? As far as I can tell right now, anyways. 
I read **The Sunset Limited, by Cormac McCarthy** last week. It was very painful, very powerful. I'd say more about it but it just feels too close, to personal at the moment. 

I also read **Factotum, by Charles Bukowski**. Absolutely lovely. Bukowski at his best and funniest. There's sadness too, stowed away in a neat little cabin of his heart, and sometimes it comes out. I feel a close connection to Bukowski; some days I'm like him, on others I try as much as I can not to be.

I'm still reading **The Noonday Demon: An Atlas of Depression, by Andrew Solomon**. I've said much about this in these weekly posts, and it's still just as good, as engaging and informing, as it was at the start. I've read little from it lately because I've been having a hard time but I feel better now and I plan on finishing it soon.

Oh, I've started **The Bell Jar, by Sylvia Plath**, too. It's great so far. She writes well, it's very idiosyncratic, and the profound alienation that Esther experiences is very familiar. I'm about halfway through and am a bit afraid of where it is heading, though. 

And then there are like five other books I've ordered, 8238345834 I want to read, and 20 more on my shelf staring accusingly at me from my overloaded shelves. You guys know the feeling.

Having a nice reading week!
**Economics in One Lesson, by Henry Hazlitt**

50% through, and it's living up to its reputation as a perfect introduction and overview of economic principles that everyone should acquaint themselves with.
**Leviathan Wakes, by James S.A. Corey**

This story is fascinating. I'm really enjoying the level of detail that is given to technology and space. The fast-paced, concise writing style also makes this a pleasant read.

Looking forward to seeing how this story unfolds!
The Sellout, by Paul Beatty
**God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater by Kurt Vonnegut**

**The Wallcreeper by Nell Zink**
**Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea, by Jules Verne**
**The City and The City, by China Mieville**

It's about these two cities that exist in the same place but in sort of parallel universes. Sounds a little trite, but it's really well-done imo. There are all kinds of laws governing interactions between citizens of the two cities and travel between them. The plot centers around a murder and the police investigator who's trying to solve it.
Finishing **Love and Hate in Jamestown: John Smith, Pocahontas, and the Start of a New Nation, by David A. Price** in light of Thanksgiving last week. Interesting read!

Next up is **Wild Montana Skies, by Susan May Warren**
All the light we cannot see, by Anthony Doerr

Really great book. Really love the half of the story told from the point of view of Marie-Laurie who is becomes blind at age 6. The way the author has described all the things she feels and not "sees" truly makes you feel blinded yourself and yet so aware of what's happening. Completely new reading experience. 
I have the great, great pleasure of reading **The Outrun, by Amy Liptrot** which is quite possibly my favourite book I've read this year (maybe tied with Lolita). 

It's non-fiction about the author's descent into, and recovery from, alcoholism. It ties in to her relationship with her home (the Orkney Islands), her parents, nature and technology. Beautifully written, impactful, painful and inspiring. Well worth a read - please take this recommendation from me, a humble faceless reddit user.
**Morning Star - Pierce Brown**

**The Emperors Handbook - Marcus Aurelius**
**The Woman in White, by Wilkie Collins**

Taking a Victorian literature class next year, which is giving me the opportunity to read both some classic books that I've wanted to read but never gotten around to and some interesting books that I was previously unfamiliar with. This one falls in the latter category.
**Black Flags The Rise of ISIS, by Joby Warrick**
Muhammad ali, The soul of a butterfly by Hana Yasmeen Ali
Going to finish **The Amber Spyglass, by Philip Pullman**

So far it's awesome!!! Just don't know what to read next
**Clockers by Richard Price**

**Casino by Nicholas Pileggi**
**Leviathan Wakes (Expanse, #1) by James S.A. Corey**

First book in the Expanse series. I'm in the last quarter of the book and it's getting good for me since it's moving beyond the first season of the show a bit.

Also reading **The Complete Persepolis by Marjane Satrapi**

Graphic autobiography about growing up in Iran in the late 70s-on. Very, VERY good.
I just finished **Me Before You, by Jojo Moyes**. My eyes are puffy from crying into my iPad last night, and if I think about certain scenes I still get choked up. I was trying to remember another book that has affected me this way, and although I feel like there has to have been several, I can't recall any at the moment. It was a great story, I was worried that it would be another overrated best-seller but I absolutely loved it.
**The long walk, Richard Bachman**  read it through on the weekend and loved it.

**Thinner, Richard Bachman** currently reading. 
**The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch by PKD**  this is my audiobook read. I'm enjoying it. I much prefer PKD in book form, but I needed a lighter read. 

**The Long Way to A Small Angry Planet by Becky Chambers** More scifi. Kept seeing this recommended. I'm 50% in and I'm liking it so far. The plot isn't as involved as I would like, but it's still very enjoyable. 
**In Milton Lumky Territory, by Philip K. Dick**

Interesting to read a non-scifi PKD book.
**The Dark Tower, by Stephen King**

Finally! I am so happy to finally finish it. And at the same time at a loss for what I should do afterwards. I guess I should read Salem's lot...
**Eat, Pray, Love by Elizabeth Gilbert** motivating and inspiring for single women. 
**Catcher in the Rye, by J.D. Salinger**

EDIT: I just finished 15 minutes ago
I'm currently reading

.Frankenstein by Mary Shelley

Loving it so far, but I'm shocked at how different the original Frankenstein's monster is from most modern interpretations.


.Under The Black Flag by David Cordingly 

Since I'm such a shameless history geek, I decided to pick this one up after reading a sample of it online. The book goes into wonderful detail about "The romance and the reality of life among the pirates." while discussing what pop culture and media have gotten right and/or wrong about them as well.
Cryptonomicon by Neal Stepheson and Moonlight & Vines by Charles de Lint, I usually have 2 books going at a time!
I just started **Uncle Silas by Sheridan** and I am enjoying it so far. It is living up to the hype I read about it. 
Getting started on **The Drawing of the Three, by Stephen King**, and finishing up **Slaughterhouse-Five**. 
Just finished **Tell the Truth Shame the Devil by Melina Marchetta**

I've read a particularly long run of depressing books this year, so I've picked up **The Taliban Shuffle by Kim Barker** as a potential break from misery. 
**The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, by Douglas Adams**

Inspired by [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/5f9xkx/i_did_not_realize_the_hitchhikers_series_is/) from /u/moxius to finally start on this one. I read the first three chapters this morning, really enjoying it so far.

**The Time Machine Did It, by John Swartzwelder**

Finished this one the other day. Very short read, funny as hell. The plot's not anything to write home about, it's mostly there to act as a vehicle for absurdist comedy. John Swartzwelder was a writer for The Simpsons in what many consider the best years of the show. The main character in the book, Frank Burly, is pretty reminiscent of Homer Simpson -- dim-witted, but generally well-meaning, and also pretty self-aware about his dim-wittedness. So it's basically Homer as a private detective, solving a mystery involving (you guessed it) a time machine.

Thoroughly enjoyed this, for how dumb it was.
I'm on a bit of a non-fiction bing the last week or so.

**Sonny Boy, by Annejet van der Zijl**: a book about the relationship between a Dutch woman and a Surinamese man in the 1930s and 1940s. Decent book. 

**The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks, by Rebecca Skloot**: I just started it yesterday, but it is very interesting.
The Rise of Ransom City by Felix Goldman. Really enjoyed the last one. This one has a very slow start, to the point I was starting to get disappointed. But then it kicks off and turns into a fun read just like the last one. 
Finishing: 
Horns, by Joe Hill. Going to watch the movie after I finish. 

Starting: Small Great Things, Jodi Picoult. My mom and I have been reading her books at the same time ever since My Sister's Keeper and this one has so much potential so I hope it's amazing! 
**But Beautiful, by Geoff Dyer**

Never read anything by him before. Am enjoying it so far, though (about a third through).
**The Invisible Man by H. G. Wells**
**Morning Star, by Pierce Brown**

**Barbarian Days, by William Finnegan**

**Red Platoon, by Clinton Romesha**

Finished:

**Dead Mountain, by Donnie Eichar**
re reading NOS4A2 by Joe Hill.  just in time for christmas.  me and bing are finally gonna be able to head down the st. nick high way to christmasland.
**women who run with the wolves** by clarissa pinkola estés and **how to hang a witch** by adriana mather

i'm almost done with **swing time** by zadie smith. i love her work but it's taking me so long to finish this one. something isn't doing it for me but i can't pinpoint what it is.
War&Peace 😆
Horns, by Joe hill.    I am 26% of the way through and really enjoying it so far. This is my first time reading anythinf by this author.
**How to Hang a Witch, by Adriana Mather**

I'm often let down by YA these days but this was a great read. The author is descended from Cotton Mather (of the Salem Witch Trials; he aided in the hangings of victims) herself, so you can tell she did her research well and really invested herself into writing this book. Halloween is over, but it's still autumn, so it's a perfect read for this time of year. Premise: Sam Mather, descendent of Cotton Mather, moves to Salem from NYC and it seems like the Witch Trials are repeating themselves as deaths + weird things begin happening and she starts getting the blame. It's got a Salem setting, a spunky heroine, no silly love triangle (thank god), ghosts, tons of historical info on the Witch Trials, cooking and magic spells, family drama... Overall, it was just a really fun read.
**The Nix, by Nathan Hill**

Continuing this one as I started it last week. I usually don't tackle books of this length but the good reviews had me too interested not to. Luckily it's a quick read so far (slowed a bit by the holiday and family visitors). 

One of the few criticisms seems to be the unnecessary tangents about minor characters or unrelated stories about the characters; however, I'm quite enjoying "getting to know" all of them deeper than at a surface level! Really enjoying it so far!
I'm reading *Eidolon*, a short story collection edited by Jonathan Strahan and Jeremy G Byrne. I got it from the library and thought it would be alright but not great, but it's actually amazing. Gin by Holly Phillips is my favourite so far. 
On Thanksgiving night I finally finished Alexander Hamilton. Took a while to get through reading only in short stretches, but it was an illuminating biography of a Founder about whom I knew next to nothing before. 

I've just started reading **Mythology, by Edith Hamilton.** I bought it on clearance at Books a Million a little while back. I find it really easy to just pick up and read for a few pages at a time. It's useful to have at least a basic familiarity with classical mythology in order to understand the countless references to the myths made by authors over the centuries. 
**Ex-Patriots, by Peter Clines** 
Yesterday I finished **Lord of the Flies, by William Golding**.

Scary stuff. I can imagine a group of boys behaving like that when left unchecked. We have a saying here that summarizes the experience: *"Good play brings forth evil play."* It basically means that, when a group of kids is playing together, you can generally assume that it will end in disagreement and, more often than not, fighting.

This week I'm going to start **Watchmen, by Alan Moore**. It's a graphic novel and not a book in the traditional sense, so I hope that's okay (according to the subreddit rules, I mean). I've already seen the movie, but that was a long time ago. I'm quite impatient to get through the working day so I can go home and dive in!
**Ethan Frome, by Edith Wharton**
Little Brother, by Cory Doctorow
**Journey to the end of the night, Céline**

I feel it's gonna give me depression.
**The Catcher in the Rye, by J.D. Salinger**

**Superman: Earth One Volume Three, by J. Michael Straczynski and Ardian Syaf**
**Tong Wars, by Scott Seligmann**
Harry Potter : and the half blood prince - JK Rowling 
**The City and The Ciy, by China Mieville**
**The Story Hour, by Thrity Umrigar** 
**The man who spoke snakish, by Andrus Kivirähk**
**The Plague, by Albert Camus**

I'm not very far in but I'm starting to think he created the plague to play with a few existentialist concepts, such as how people act when cut off from the outside world (quarantine), how people accept their fates (death from the plague), how people deal with having loved ones taken away. An interesting concept and I'm excited to see how it plays out.
**War and Peace, by Leo Tolstoy**

**On the Road, by Oliver Sacks**

**Brock Biology of Microorganisms 14th Edition, by Madigan et al.**

Mother night by Kurt Vonnegut. The black humor is actually helping me deal with the election results. The madness of us electing such an unlikely president is made not so horrible reflecting on the very real atrocities committed during WWII.
Fates and Furies, by Lauren Groff 
**The Book Of Life, by Deborah Harkness**

It's the 3rd book in the A Discovery of Witches trilogy. I liked the first book, not so much the second book, and I'm not really feeling this one either. 
**IT, by Stephen King**  still, long book and not reading a lot, should be reading for a couple more weeks.
**The Sellout, by Paul Beatty**
Just finished **Tell the Truth Shame the Devil by Melina Marchetta**

I've read a particularly long run of depressing books this year, so I've picked up **The Taliban Shuffle by Kim Barker** as a potential break from misery. 
4 days off lazing about w/ 2 kids makes for a bad reader it turns out. Didn't read much but I'm finishing up [**Here I Am by Jonathan Safran Foer**](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28116847-here-i-am), book. Solid novel, funny and crushing, never mind his personal life, he's a great writer.  
  
[**Swing Time by Zadie Smith**](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28390369-swing-time), audiobook. It's my first Zadie Smith, looking forward to it.
**The Last Days of New Paris, by China Mieville**

It's surreal so far, takes a good amount of concentration to remain lucid. 
I've just started Warm Bodies by Isaac Marion. 

I watched the movie a few months after it came out but never read the book. I'm glad I finally picked it up though. Marion's wordage is fun and funny. In a dry and sarcastic kind of way. 

I really enjoy the male voice in stories. This book solidifies that. Especially since the female voice dominates in the romance genre. 
The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy, by Douglas Adams. It's a lot, but I'm following the advice offered early on: Don't Panic.
I'm reading *Hillbilly Elegy by JD Vance* on my phone, using that app that shows you one word at a time really fast.  It has without a doubt increased my reading speed.  I'm also reading *The Paper Menagerie by Ken Liu*.  For that one, I'm reading a paper book that shows you 1-2 pages at a time.
**The First Fifteen Lives of Harry August, by Claire North** had it on my to read pile pretty much since it came out in paperback and it's one of those I wish I'd read sooner.
**Sharp Objects, by Gillian Flynn** Enjoying it so far. Everything seems very surreal in the town
**Commonwealth, by Ann Patchett** 
Halfway through and I really like this one. Dysfunctional families always hit close to home for me. 

**The Summer Before the War, by Helen Simonson** 
75 pages in to this, really liking this one too, but I a sucker for historical fiction, especially when there's a little bit of romance involved lol. 

**Why We Came to the City, by Kristopher Jansma**
Have not started this one yet, so not sure what to think of it.  
**The Hanging Tree by Ben Aaronovitch**
**Beneath the Beautiful Forevers by Katherine Boo**
I went to India and wanted to read something that gets beneath the surface but that wasn't the usual (Shantaram).  It is a fantastic book set in the Mumbai slums and completely brings the whole place to life.
**The Black Widow, by Daniel Silva**

I am over 1/3 through and, so far, it is excellent. However, the plot reminds me strongly of John le Carre's *The Little Drummer Girl*, which I read several years ago and is my favorite le Carre novel, so far.
**Red Seas Under Red Skys, by Scott Lynch**

I've been meaning to finish this for some time, and I'll have it done by late tomorrow night, and then on to the next, and after that the dresden files! 
**The Emperor's Soul, by Brandon Sanderson.** I'm not sure how this book connects to Elantris, but it was a wonderful story. It was a perfect length to read in one sitting, and I even timed it and clocked it in as a 2 hour read. Really cool concepts here. I love how Sanderson blends fantasy with sci-fi, first by establishing a fantasy world with set magical laws, then proceeds to do to those laws what sci-fi does to real world scientific laws.

**A Crown Of Swords, by Robert Jordan.** I do love spending a weekend getting cozy in bed and losing myself in the sprawling world of the Wheel Of Time.

**Infinite Jest, by David Foster Wallace.** Only 2/7 of the way in. So far, so good. I wish he would stop talking about people constantly salivating, but whatever, you gotta fill 1000+ pages somehow.
Infinite Jest, by David Foster Wallace

Wonderful read. My fellow redditites got me curious, and I thank you. 
Pride and Prejudice, by Jane Austen
**Cujo, by Stephen King** 
**The City and The City, by China Mieville**
The kind worth killing by Peter Swanson

The association of small bombs by Karan Mahajan
Currently reading:  

**What If?, by Randall Munroe** - fun, silly, told in short installments, a nice book to pick up when I have five minutes of downtime.  

**Gladiator, by Dan Clark** - "Nitro" from the 90s TV show *American Gladiators* talks about his years of steroid abuse: how it started, where it got him, and what it's done to him.  

**The One Year Chronological Bible NKJV, by Tyndale House Publishers**:  Jesus has come [spoilers](#s "and gone, and then come and gone again"), and now Paul seems to have put himself in charge.  He's writing letters to the various congregations around the Mediterranean, with what I feel is a significant amount of personal interpretation.  I'm through Galatians\*, which means I'm almost two weeks behind schedule, but I'm confident that I can turn it around and finish by December 31.   

\* tldr on Galatians: Strict adherence to the Old Testament laws is neither necessary nor sufficient to be a good person.  Being honest, kind, charitable, and forgiving makes you a good person.  
**Smilla's Sense of Snow, by Peter Høeg** 

Still chipping away, made some good progress over the past week, the middle of the book seems good but it is meandering a bit. I'm very sure that people are trying to hide some things, but why or what they have to do with the start of the book I am entirely unsure and it is taking awhile to get there.

**The Facts in the Case of the Departure of Miss Finch, 
by Neil Gaiman**

Read through this over the weekend, it seemed very hearkening back to old pulpy comic tales. Really liked it, but then I pretty much love anything Gaiman.
The Fishermen by Chigozie Obioma
Lords of the North, by Bernard Cornwell. This is book 3 of the Saxon Chronicles. Just read the first two and could not put them down. Great series so far.
I'm working through **Humboldt's Gift, by Saul Bellow** and reading short stories by Flannery O'Connor.
**Only Time Will Tell, Jeffrey Archer**

Saw a classmate reading this one.
He told me it was very good, and damn this is great! Really like the way the story is told.

I finished **It, by Stephen King**.  Took me awhile; I put it down a few hundred pages in because it wasn't really working for me.  But King's long novels are slow burners, so I stuck around to see where he was going, and it ended up pretty good.

Next up is **Siddhartha, by Herman Hesse**.  I never read one of his books before, cracked this open at work today and it's what I'm reading now.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, by J.K. Rowling
Just opened **Crime and Punishment** by **Fyodor Dostoevsky**. Definitely looking forward to reading it, I think I'll enjoy it. 
**Aurora, by Kim Stanley Robinson**
**Jonathan Strange and Mr Norell, by Susanna Clarke**

Now abou 64% in and it's picked up a lot. Really can't wait to see what's happening with Faerie, the Raven King and all the other developments. Will also have to watch the BBC show once I'm done.
**Night of Knives, by Steven Erikson**

Finished Midnight Tides last week, and after some internal debate and persuasion from r/Malazan I decided to venture from the main series and go to Night of Knives before returning to Bonehunters.
100 Years of Solitude by Gabriel García Márquez. I've wanted to read it for a while now and so far it has lived up to everything all my friends have said about it.
I just finished **Hidden Figures, by Margot Lee Shetterly** and **A Local Habitation, by Seanan McGuire**, both of which were awesome. I'm currently reading a present I've gotten my mom, **In the Unlikely Event, by Judy Blume**, and I don't know what I think about it yet. 
I'm reading A Planet of Viruses by Carl Zimmer and then I will be reading Parasite Rex and Dark Water.
**Lamb by Christopher Moore**
**The Name of the Wind, by Patrick Rothfuss**
**A Doubter's Almanac by Ethan Canin**

So far (I'm about 1/4 in) it's very good. The only caveat is that some of the side themes -- the politics of academia and the only loosely explored mathematic research of the protagonist -- get in the way of the real human story that seems to be at the heart of the book.

and  

**LaRose by Louise Erdrich**

So far (I'm about 1/3 in) it's excellent. Erdrich writes beautiful sentences, and while the key event of the of the book is heartbreaking -- it's no spoiler since it's on the jacket copy and the second page of the book: a child is accidentally shot by his family's neighbor -- the story is still compelling and while heavy, not hard to handle. (Perhaps, it might be harder for a parent.)
**Born a Crime, by Trevor Noah**

**The Darkest Child, by Delores Phillips**

**The Ultimate History of Video Games, Steven L. Kent**

and just finished **Hex, by Thomas Olde Heuvelt**
**In the Garden of Beasts: Love, Terror and an American Family in Hitler's Berlin, by Erik Larson**

Just trying to get a sense of what things might look like here in America soon (kidding, sorta). Anyway, very captivatingly written.
**The Historian, by Elisabeth Kostova**

This was a book choice from my book club, I didn't know anything about it but it was not what I expected.  In a good way.  I find myself reading it and listening to Baroque music and Opera.  They seems to fit as a pairing!​
I am reading **Gravity's Rainbow, by Thomas Pynchon**, again. The re-readability of this book is unfathomable. I've always been guilty of rereading favorite novels an unhealthy number of times, but I think I might be seriously addicted to Pynchon's writing. Just tackled Infinite Jest in an attempt to kick it & now I find myself back on Pynchon. It's really, really good. Help please.
**The Psychopath Test, by Jon Ronson** and **Dr Jekyll & Mr Hyde, by Robert Louis Stevenson**
**The Murder on the Links, by Agatha Christie** I caught Poirot this weekend on Netflix and have started to read the novels.

**Black Panther: A Nation Under Our Feet Book 1, by Ta-Nehisi Coates**
**1Q84 by Haruki Murukami**

This came about via a bookclub I joined about six months ago. Being the first novel I've read that was translated from Japanese, I found it to be a very interesting read.

One of my life goals is to visit Japan, so it has been fun learning more and more about Japanese culture. This book is a rather cerebral fiction novel that toys with the concepts of reality. I'm about halfway through and have been having a hard time putting it down. 
Finished reading :
**The Road, by Cormac McCarthy**

Started reading :
**Heroes of the Frontier, by Dave Eggers**
**Victoria by Daisy Goodwin**

Decided to read it in anticipation of the series making its way across the pond to replace Downton Abbey.  So far I just want to knock a lot of mens heads off and smack the Queen a time or two.  LOL
Just started **The Essex Serpent, by Sarah Perry**
**Memoirs of an Imaginary Friend: A Novel, by Matthew Dicks**

So far this is really interesting. The narrator is an imaginary friend to a young autistic boy which is a really novel point of view. 
PowerScore LSAT Logic Games Bible. Wish me luck...
**Blood Meridian, by Cormac McCarthy** 
**The Lucifer Effect: Understanding How Good People Turn Evil, by Phillip Zimbardo**

**The Gene: An Intimate History, by Siddhartha Mukherjee**
Almost done with **The Tidal Zone, by Sarah Moss**, and just started **Swing Time, by Zadie Smith**.
**Whirlwind, by James Clavell**

I love this series so much. Noble House was such a fantastic read that I was afraid to start Whirlwind out of fear it couldn't hold up. About 400 pages in and I'm really enjoying it.
**Jailbird, by Kurt Vonnegut**
I read *Slaughterhouse Five* in high school and thought it was good but a little to intense for my prudish young mind, so didn't read any more Vonnegut. I'm trying to atone for the sins of my youth. I'm about 50 pages in and it's pretty mild but interesting. 

I just finished reading **Howl's Moving Castle** by Dianne Wynne Jones which I enjoyed hugely. Now to finally get around to watching the film. 

Also this week I finished reading **Grunt** by Mary Roach. I love Mary Roach's writing. Well, *Spook* was lackluster. But I loved *Stiff*. And *Grunt* was as good as I had hoped.
**Winter of the World by Ken Follett**
I really like it so far, though not as much as the first book. I just finished **The Return of the King** a few days ago and really needed another 'big scope' story - this is hitting the spot perfectly so far.
I also have a soft spot for WWII fiction as I majored in history at University. 
So good pick so far!
**The Bear Comes Home, by Rafi Zabor**

Final book for my Music in Fiction class. Fun read thus far, the message it delivers seems a bit more plain than some of what we've read already in the class but I can live with that.
I just started **Imagine Me Gone, by Adam Haslett**. I hear it's depressing but looking forward to the writing. 
Well, I finished *War and Peace* last week. I started: 

**The Russia House, by John le Carre**

and I dived back into trying to finish

**India: A History, by John Keay**


**Letters From Earth, by Mark Twain**
**Radiance, by Catherynne M. Valente**

Still an interesting scifi book. The patent hoarding Edisons make a nice parallel to our modern day era of patent hoarders. Of course, the main mystery is what happened to Severin Unck and the towns that vanish without a trace. Definitely excited to see where the last half of the book takes me.

**Scrappy Little Nobody, by Anna Kendrick**

This is my current audiobook and it's very enjoyable. There's a brutal honesty to every section that I love. You definitely get the feeling that Kendrick is still grounded in reality and her anecdotes are always entertaining. 
Finally finished **Gone with the Wind, by Margaret Mitchell** which was quite a roller coaster. I couldn't really root for any of the characters, and every time I started to get really drawn into the story Mitchell would through in some blatant racism or spend 3 pages on a super biased description of the historical events happening around the characters, but somehow I kept coming back in hopes of getting sucked in all the way with how she described the tie to the land and history that Scarlett felt. I'm glad I read it, but at the same time I think this goes in the "never again" pile.

Next up is **The Good Girls Revolt, by Lynn Povich** I loved the Amazon series so I'm excited to get a deeper take on that story. 
**Wrecked, by Maria Padian**
**Don't Look Back, by Gregg Hurwitz**

This is one of the November BookCaseClub selections that I am finally going to start.

I finished Radiance last night.  It was a pretty interesting read overall.
**Outlander, by Diana Gabaldon**

I have to read the book before I watch the series!! 
I'm reading **White Fang, by Jack London** to my son. 

I will be starting **The Gunslinger, by Stephen King** for the group read over at /r/LetsReadABook

I'm working on **The Whaling People of the West Coast of Vancouver Island and Cape Flattery, by Eugene Arima and Alan Hoover**
**The Secret Agent by Joseph Conrad**

Reading it for University, it's quite good so far.
**The Day of the Jackal, by Frederick Forsythe** I usually prefer character-driven books, and this has more of a "procedural" feeling but I do like it anyway. I'm learning a lot about de Gaulle and French politics of the 60s, especially pertaining to Algeria. 
**The Devil in the White City, by Erik Larson**

This is a bit slow moving, but I'm enjoying it nonetheless.
Finished **Of the Abyss, by Amelia Atwater-Rhoades** her first foray into adult books vs the YA she usually writes. I thoroughly enjoyed it and can't wait for the remainder of the trilogy to come out. 

Started **Slights, by Kaaron Warren** its quite strange and I feel very disconnected from the main character. I THINK its supposed to be a bit like that...I hope. 
**Hyperion by Dan Simmons**
Still reading **I Am the Chosen King by Helen Hollick**.
I finished reading **The Bluest Eye, by Toni Morrison** today. I absolutely loved it. It's a great commentary on the self-hatred and internalization black people face because of racism. Although it was published in 1970, I think the content is still relevant today.

I'm also reading **Fool, by Christopher Moore**. Love anything by Christopher Moore and so far this one is just as good as others I've read of his. 
Finished the last, so now it's **Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones, by Brandon Sanderson**
"Upstream" by Mary Oliver
I just ordered the communist manifesto it will be here Tuesday, I'm also going to finish Dantes inferno again. 
This sex scene from *Miss Smilla's Feeling For Snow*:

> Standing in the middle of the bedroom, we take off each other’s clothes. He has a light, fumbling brutality, which several times makes me think that this time it’ll cost me my sanity. In our dawning, mutual intimacy, I induce him to open the little slit in the head of his penis so I can put my clitoris inside and fuck him.
A posy of sex scenes. Sounds good.

I haven't read *Endymion*, but isn't the sex that Kassad has on the Star Trek holodeck on steroids in *Hyperion* just middle-aged wishful thinking? (Is 41, Simmons's age when he wrote it, really middle-aged?)
I don't have anything in particular; I just don't like it when authors do everything but use the actual words. You know, like "His callused fingers slowly caressed my thighs, and then they found their way into my lady spot/my sanctified secret/my 'down there.'" Ugh.
That's amazing, my first thought upon reading the title was that same one from Rise of Endymion because of that baffling segue into the description of the cat!
Some of the sex scenes in the clan of the cave bear series were a bit much!!
Ugh, 50 Shades of Grey. I read the whole series and it's not written very well. It seems kind of immature, childish, shy (?). 
As a former soldier I really enjoyed this read, tugged some feely strings. 
Loved this book, elegantly readable and a very unique perspective.
Good to read alongside David Jones's *In Parenthesis*, his memoir of the first two years of the Great War. Both are poets, but their books couldn't be more different. Graves's is urbane, witty, readable. Jones's is bitter, heart-rending and forces you to read until you can just begin to understand the suffering and horror. I love them both.
* Truman Capote

* Aldous Huxley

* Hunter S. Thompson

* John Updike

* Norman Mailler

* James Baldwin

* Charles Bukowski
I think these criticisms are pretty valid.

>That isn’t writing; it’s typing.

This also shows how other writers tend to be pretty jealous of each other.  These more traditional writers saw him as a hack, and they hated he got famous from it.  
What do y'all think of him?  I've read 6 of his books and consider him my favorite author.
A few of those writers seem like people who dislike pretty much everyone
I have never read Jack Kerouac, I need to give it a try. 
Even so, there's a Norman Mailler's text where he says a bunch of  inteligent things about the beats. I didn't find it online, but you can read it on the Penguin's Portable Beat Reader.
Much obliged!
The beat writers = shit.
The American people should decide what is offensive and what is not by let's say either buying the book or not why is that such a hard thing to do I thought this was the land of the free 
It's kind of unclear, from the article, whether it was the author who recalled the book, or the publisher. If it was the author, well, her book, her choice. If it was the publisher, hm. 

They literally distributed some copies of the book before suddenly deciding to recall it. They accepted to publish it, printed it, had it reviewed. The "last thing any company wants is their name associated with a product most people agree is utterly terrible" doesn't stand, since only people reviewing it before it was released had the chance to comment on it. So someone must have gone out of their way specifically to make sure the book wasn't distributed, and *that* does sound like censorship to me.

It should be up to the people reading the book whether it's offensive (or, you know, utter crap) or not, and even offensive/crappy books shouldn't be censored, in my opinion. It's not the content of a book that's the problem, it's whether the people reading it are capable of critical thinking or not.
Where did Justina Ireland learn the craft of writing?

>Candlewick’s decision to pull the book came in the form of a terse email: the author was pulling the book to work on it further. School Library Journal tried to dig deeper, but according to the publisher there was nothing else to say: the author, eE. Charlton-Trujillo, had decided to pull the book. The end.

So...it was the Publisher who decided to pull the book after the author decided to pull the book?  

As to the quality of the book in question... 

>That last thing any company wants is their name associated with a product most people agree is utterly terrible. That is not a smart financial move.

Sounds legit...except

>...review magazines had given the book stars. 

and 

>From your starred reviews for your authentic “black” voice by ostensibly white reviewers ...


Fuck me, I hope she didn't get paid real money to write this.
The TLDR of the situation: “When We Was Fierce” by E.E. Charlton-Trujillo has been “cancelled” shortly before publication. It was literally yanked off the shelves of libraries that had already received finished copies. 


I’ve been stunned at how little media attention this situation is receiving. *A book was taken off shelves because its content was deemed too offensive.* This is the definition of censorship. But it seems like my fellow readers aren’t even aware this happened, so I felt the need to submit this link and spread awareness. 

The push to censor the novel was led by Justina Ireland (author of the above article and also of YA novels that compete with Trujillo's) and a group of her far-left extremist followers on social media. Here are some more links about the censoring, if you want to learn more: 


[From School Library Journal: ] (http://www.slj.com/2016/08/diversity/when-we-was-fierce-pulled-as-demand-grows-for-more-ownvoices-stories/) This article was originally tagged with the keyword “censorship” on the SLJ blog. Following an offended outcry from readers, this tag was removed, and SLJ has issued an apology.


[A statement from E.E. Charlton-Trujillo explaining her reasons for writing the book: ] (http://www.candlewick.com/book_files/0763679372.ban.1.pdf)


[An article about the “cancellation” by the blog Reading While White](http://readingwhilewhite.blogspot.com/2016/07/when-whiteness-dominates-reviews.html)


Also.... I realize this is a touchy subject, but please, *please* keep the comments in this thread civil and based on logic, not outrage. I’d like to talk about the issue of *censorship.* Please don’t let things get so heated/nasty that mods start deleting comments. 



So offended by the language in the book that Ireland uses the word "asshole-ish" to critique it. Great strides, great strides.
More identity politics. Just what the world needed.
Offense is subjective

It's not. The government is censorship. Businesses don't have to host your views. Are you really so entitled you think people are required to publish your works?
Do they have a unique cover? Or do they have the standard cover we're all used to?
I think that final line was probably meant pretty ironically. After all, Germans at the time were in denial about some of the darker activities going on around them, and probably said things like, "that couldn't happen, not in this day and age."

Sidestepping your thornier points about who's-the-baddest-baddie-in-history (it's probably Genghis Khan), I'm very glad that this novel had such an impact on your significant other. I hope that you and she can share plenty of deep, fascinating conversations about this and other issues explored through literature.

Edit: credit to /u/wecanreadit; I had said "sarcastically," but "ironically" is much, much better.
It's irony. By the time you've reached the last sentence, you know the author pretty well. And you know that sometimes authors write the opposite of what they mean for satirical effect. You *know* we have to take this with such a big pinch of salt there won't be any salt left.
> "Of course all this happened a long time ago, and nothing like that could ever happen again. Not in this day and age." This sentence utterly disturbs me

I'm pretty thoroughly certain that's the point, it's meant as absolute hyperbole with a dash of sarcasm, to inmply exactly the opposite of what is said. The entire book has gruelingly played out a heart-wrenching story, the whole thing is meant to be personalized as cautionary.
Seems like it's satirical/sarcastic. Also, isn't it a YA or younger book...maybe the author was trying to be sunny and not have all these cynical teenage readers.
 Please try to not get political in here/ My gf
You have a whole life of reading ahead. There's never such a thing as being caught up, there will always be more to read :)
My list is like this. I feel like I need a whole extra life after this one to read what I want to. :)
You can join /r/52book to challenge yourself/chat with others or may be reading the same books that you are/you want to read. 
My to-read list currently sits at around 550. I try to only read books from the list rather than impulse buys, but I add about two books for every one I knock off. 
That's about where I am. None of the books I'm reading right now are even on the official "to-read" list. 

Since I've started counting I've done around 55 books a year. 
I have over a thousand books on my to-read list on goodreads and it grows weekly, sometimes daily. My biggest regret in life is that I won't be able read everything! i feel u, bro.
Jesus, thread is 7 hours old and nobody has taken the time to just put the list from the article in the comments?

The Wretched of the Earth by Frantz Fanon

Malgudi Omnibus by R.K. Narayan

Flowers in the Mirror by Li Ruzhen

Samskara by U.R. Ananthamurthy

Absent by Betool Khedairi

Palace Walk by Naguib Mahfouz

On Black Sisters' Street by Chika Unigwe

So Long a Letter by Mariama Ba

Dhammapada, Buddhist Text
really surprised there are no Japanese authors here. always thought the Master of Go by Yasunari Kawabata was a pretty easy read and very evocative of Japanese culture.
I feel embarrassed because I initially misinterpreted Western to mean cowboys, and I thought it was a very odd distinction to make, talking about all the great books people should read that have nothing to do with the frontiers of the old west.
Well I'll suggest some Latin American books:

Pedro Páramo by Juan Rulfo

Aura by Carlos Fuentes 

Jorge Luis Borges' short stories are amazing. 
I'm bad at remembering stuff I've read, but these authors are great. 
The Master and Margarita by Mikhail Bulgakov is superb.
'In an antique land' and 'Calcutta chromosome' by Amitav Ghosh. Fiction based on history written so well that it encouraged me to seek out the actual history behind the stories. And I was pleasantly surprised how well researched the books were before the creative licence was applied.  
Edit: Thanks shepster13 for noticing, changed the title from ancient to antique.
The Tao
Things Fall Apart - Chinua Achebe
I'm shocked that no one has mentioned Snow by Orhan Pamuk, especially for students...
I can't believe there aren't any Chinese Classics

-Han Feizi by Han Fei

-Mencius by Mencius

-Analects by collection of Confucius' disciples

-Romance of the Three Kingdoms by Luo Guanzhong

-Journey to the West by Wu Cheng'en

And some of my favorites not listed 

-Alexiad by Anna Komnene

-Hong Gil Dong Jeon by Heo Gyun
>Bhuddist

...
I dont know if it's been suggested but 'We' by Yevgeny Zamyatin.  Published in 1924, a solid book if you enjoyed '1984'.
If Byzantine counts as non-Western, then The Alexiad should definitely be in there.
How is The Three Kingdoms not on this list?  It has had effects on nearly every Far Eastern country and is required reading in the majority of those countries.  Many Westerners know the book through games.  The book is incredibly addicting once you get past the sheer number of names and people (Illiad level name drops).  A must read for just about anyone delving into historical fiction and Chinese history.  The best part is that the Chinese have done an amazing job and a lot of effort into translating this into English.
Blasphemous that The Three Body Problem by Liu Cixin is not listed here. 
Aside from Mahfouz and Narayan, many of these picks are rather abysmal. I suppose a lot oft his can come down to the idea that they just state "students" and don't specify students of a particular topic, but for the instance of actual literature, many of these picks are not by leading 20th century authors or even remotely indicative of what's been happening in literature from other cultures.


No Kalidas?    
Abhijñānashākuntala, ...    
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abhij%C3%B1%C4%81na%C5%9B%C4%81kuntalam    

Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe:

Willst du die Blüthe des frühen, die Früchte des späteren Jahres,
Willst du, was reizt und entzückt, willst du was sättigt und nährt,
Willst du den Himmel, die Erde, mit Einem Namen begreifen;
Nenn’ ich, Sakuntala, Dich, and so ist Alles gesagt.
Strange list and Reddit commentary.  No Japanese novels on the original and on Reddit Haruki Murakami over Mishima Yukio on a must read list? Or Kawabata Yasunari? Or Natsume Soseki? Or Tanizaki Junichiro? I like Murakami's work, but come on.
Is Latin American literature considered Western?
Everyone should wrestle with Dogen's Shobogenzo at least once.
This is a good opportunity to mention The Famished Road by Ben Okri. Although it can be a bit slow at times the images and atmosphere it creates still resonate with me years after having read it.
Buru Tetralogy by Pramoedya Ananta Toer, most prominent and famous Indonesian writer who spend most of his life opposing authoritarian government. 
to be clear, this list is of books that students should read but are currently not prominent on student reading  lists.  that is why The Art of War isn't on here.
Art of War - Sun Tzu
I didn't really like this list, tbh. Of course, I do recognise that things like this are extremely subjective, so I'll throw in my two cents:

The White Tiger - Aravind Argida.

Most books by Haruki Murakami.

Chronicle In Stone - Ismail Kadare (Yes, Albania is geographically in the West, but I [as someone whose parents are from said country] think Albania is completely [or was at the time of writing, in 1971] culturally separated from the West).

The Art of War - Sun Tzu (This might seem antiqued and slightly weird, but I really think it is fascinating. Although, if I were a first timer, I would not dive into it not expecting a challenge).


If Russian counts as non-Western, I would also say The Brothers Karamazov by Dostoyevsky. 

E: The formatting is terrible, I know.

E2: The down-vote button isn't a disagree button.
The Vendor of Sweets (1967), by R. K. Narayan
I've read "Waiting for the Mahatma" by R K Narayan which is also set in Malgudi. An excellent book which actually includes a fictional portrayal of Gandhi himself. I need to find time to read the other Malgudi books. 
Commenting to read all of them
I'm a pleb, but its still shocking how 
i am completely ignorant of non-western books/authors. I realized any example I could think of, of a non-western author was  colonial or an expatriate/admirer. I know its most likely me, but is it me, or is it them?

edit. its me.
Why not Persepolis? 
If you like mythology I highly recommend **Journey to the West - 	Wu Cheng'en**
Interesting article, as well as the the good suggestions and insights here in the comments. Bookmarked. No matter where you live, it's all too easy sometimes to forget to look past your own borders and consider another person's perspective on the world.
malaysian novel ; Saga by Abdul talib Mohd Hassan. I'd recommend this to anyone
Surprised I didn't see Rumi's Masnavi on the list
Out of all the Sutta Pitaka you choose *Dhammapada?*
I would suggest *In the Buddha's Words, an Anthology of Discourses from the Pali Canon.*  There is no discourse in the Dhammapada, and mere inspirational verses fail to show the teachings of Dhamma.  The Buddha taught the doctrine through discourse, not reciting verse.  Bhikkhu Bodhi's translations are very accurate and approachable, with highly detailed citation and explanation.

Reaching forward in time to approach the other extreme, I'd suggest the simple but illuminating read from the insightful D.T. Suzuki, *Zen Buddhism, Selected Writings of D.T. Suzuki.*  If you think you're deeply interested in Mahayana and further doctrinal and aren't afraid of heavy books, try Mahayana Doctrinal Foundations Expanded, which will also provide an accurate look into Zen, Pure Land, Vajrayana, etc.
This looks like an intriguing list.  Glad Fanon is right at the top.  He's my go to for like basic post colonial thought.  I hope the bit about the documentary and the little girl is an exaggeration.  
I'm also disappointed to see that no Murakami books are listed. Additionally, "Things Fall Apart" by Chinua Achebe should be on the list in my humble opinion. 
We'll, I've read one of those, Fanon. Though I'm decently well read in 20th c French-language lit, especially post-colonial African and Caribbean, Asian lit represents a huge gap in my lecture.
Anything by Murakami 
Kokoro by Natsume Soseki
The point is whether we could find good translations or not
Madame Blavatsky's The Secret Doctrine
The Nag Hammadi
So ironic that you don't read any of them in the original/sister language
They forgot "The Art of War" by Sun Tzu. Every young man should read it at least once.
What about Bulgakov's *Master and Margarita*?

A Mirror for Princes - Kaikavus

I highly recommend this book, its phenomenal. Written by a lord in the 12th ir 13th century CE during the period of Muslim dominance it is essentially the precursor to Machiavellis "The Prince." It is truly a great work of literature 
I'd add State of War by Ninotchka Rosca. It's a book set during a dictatorship in my country. 
I can't recommend Cao Xueqin's classic "Dream of the Red Chamber" enough--worth the length and gives a huge insight into late pre-modern China, featuring surprisingly post-modern sensibilities. Great English translation out there as well.
If I were to suggest a non-western author for students I'd say Mikhail Bakunin
All Dostoyevsky, but especially C&P and TBK. 

The Three Body Problem by Cixin Liu.
Free links?
Was kinda hoping that Osamu Dazais amazing book no longer human would be on that list... 
>*'Li Ruzhen picks up gender roles, caresses them, dresses them '*

I may read Li I will certainly not be reading Sabrina Mahfouz.
malaysian novel ; Saga by Abdul talib Mohd Hassan. I'd recommend this to anyone
So Long A Letter is going on my Christmas list. 
I feel like the art of war could go on this list
The Sympathizer belongs on there. Even if it was a book written in America, it is definitely not a western book, that's about as good as you can get when it comes to identity exploring fiction.
Norwegian Wood, Haruki Marukami should be here as well.
Also forgot ol'snake-eyes, Jack Elam iirc. 
I like how it's a short list with no pretensions toward being comprehensive. Leaves room for so many more ideas and so many fewer arguments! 
The God of small things by Arundhati Roy should definitely be on this list. I've read it multiple times and it still has me enthralled through every read 
they forgot 120 days of sodom and story of the eye....essential....
I'm surprised that the Tao and Journey to the West isn't on this list.

Also, Kautilya's Arthashaastra, the Panchatantra, the Hitopadesha and the Jataka tales need to be on such a list.
If we're going to include non-fiction/works of spiritual relevance, there's a slew of stuff that needs to be on here, not just the Dhammapada.
If I were making a list of Western works every non-Western student should read, it would look something like this:

* *Iliad*

* Parts of the Old/New Testament

* *Aeneid*

* *Divine Comedy*

* *Shakespeare*

* *Moby Dick*

* Poetry of Emily Dickinson

* etc.

You know... the things that will help a student understand the foundations and appreciate the highest expressions of Western culture. If I were making a list for the non-Western student with the sole aim of emulating this Guardian list, it would probably look something like this:

* *Uncle Tom's Cabin*

* *Beloved*

* *To Kill a Mockingbird*

* *The Colour Purple*

* *Little Women*

* The Book of Job

Apart from that last and very out-of-place selection, the works on this list may be timely, they may express things we want to say about the modern world, they may be ripe for a Marxist professor's intended course of study, but they are of a decidedly lower calibre in terms of literary merits than what *every student* ***should*** *read*. I can't be certain of this, having not read any but the *Dhammapada* on this list, but considering that I'm an avid student of non-Western philosophy and history and have not even *heard* of some of the authors--much less the works--I would be surprised if the analogy is not apt.
Art of war?
I stopped reading at "a space on her shelf".
"Non-western books". Yeah, sure. 5 of them are written in a European language!

That leaves 4 of them. Among these, two were written by authors born in the British Empire.
the guide of a chinese microwave. you'll never know how to make your dinner in china if you don't have this handy book
As an avid reader who has in possession a great collection of literary works, I feel that it is my duty to inform you unenlightened lot that recommended literature in this post will put you to sleep faster than any drug. Especially the Dhammapada. Please, how boring and cliche. 
No Murakami!? 
One Hundred Years of Solitude..Spanish author. 
When I saw non-western I thought it meant books that don't take place in the West. Like cowboys and Indians western.




I live in a Dollar General. 
Dean Koontz: screwed again.
The Bible
Cool! Where can I get them for free?
[deleted]
Yeah, no thanks
after reading the comments, I don't like this post.  I've got a list of history books from a thread over 2 years ago with 150 books on it, and another lost in my emails with 40 or so must read western fictions...

Look, everyone, I have a job, responsibilities, games, chores... I don't have time for this, link the Cliff's notes or something. :)  

Hopefully my lists survive long enough so I can read all this when i am old.  Would it be ironic if I go blind just as I have time to read?
The Bible should be on that list.
What a joke .these writers don't have even a century.since all important books are non westerners.fuck me right 
I hate how people generalise students when it comes to book reading (and other stuff...) 

I mean, if someone doesn't have an interest in books (e.g.), they just shouldn't read them. I read scientific articles and non fiction (faculty books, mainly on physics due to my profession/education), and that is all I needed during the last 15-20 or so years.

Nobody should be forced to read about uninteresting stuff like Robinson Crusoe or however that racist bastard spells his name. I mean, it ok if you like reading and find that shit interesting, but there are lot better aspects to focus on in school than book reports. Fuck, I hate books. 
I think a Kobo Mini will be just what you are looking for; cheap, full featured ereader that will fit in your pocket.  The kobo ebook store is pretty good, plus you can side-load epubs and pdfs files.  
I would go with one of the smaller mini tablets, like a Samsung, you can put nook, kindle, and/ or overdrive apps on and have books available from multiple sources. It should at least fit in jacket pocket or small bag. 
Why not just use your phone?
Maybe get a bookbag? Carry two or three options? That's what I do (though I also have my wife's old iPad and download books to it all the time).
I've yet to see one in person but the Kindle Oasis is supposed to be pretty small.
Musk is also a huge fan of the *Culture Series* by the late Iain M Banks. After Banks died, Musk named two space drones *Just Read the Instructions* and *Of Course I Still Love You* after ships from the books. As a huge Culture fan myself, this made me smile. 
I started reading super intelligence. Got like 60 pages in. Super dense
Dude believes we're living in a computer simulation. 
"If you get up in the morning and think the future is going to be better," ...you're probably a confidence man during these hard times,  or else a televangelist or a bartender or a pole dancer. Just turn to the person on either side of you on the bus or the train, they'll tell you all about 'the future'. There is only Right Now. No book purchase necessary.
was this based on a true story?
I don't have a smartphone, so I guess I won't be able to read this story. Oh well, maybe I'm better off sticking to books.
Have you seen the Tarkovsky's *Solaris*? I'm interested to know how the book compares to the movie.
I actually finished Solaris like a few days ago as well.

Really liked it too, the only gripe is that it can get a bit too technical for it own good about its own made up science. But overall, its very enjoyable and has a creeping dread that always encompasses everything. 
Sometimes it's not all that hidden, but that does not mean there are not lessons to learn in any story. "Not all is what is seems." "Love sucks." "Love is grand." "Crime doesn't pay." "Crime does pay."
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child was pretty bad, but mainly because of the fanfiction elements. There were very few stage directions and it felt weird reading it in play form, considering the only other plays I've read were Angels in America and various Tennesee Williams pieces and other classics it felt weird reading it as a play.

But the worst book I had to give up on was "My Own Words" by Ruth Gader Ginsburg. I tried audiobook format and it was a bunch of recorded speeches, applause and background noise and all, tied together by occasional biographical bits. I don't want to hear some speech RBG gave at a gala even if it is her own words. I'm sure it's better in written format, but it just didn't feel like a book.
*Hot Pterodactyl Boyfriend*. Okay, yeah, the title says it all, but sometimes books with odd titles can end up being gems. Not this one. Damn curiosity!
I love Jason Statham and I love sharks. I saw he's starring in a bad-looking movie about a giant shark and it sounded right up my alley. I figured I'd snag the book it's based on to read on vacation. 

Unfortunately, instead of buying "Meg: A Novel of Deep Terror" I accidentally bought "Mega: A Deep Sea Thriller". It was so laughably bad that I almost couldn't believe it. It wasn't until I did some post-book research (because I couldn't believe they were making a movie of this trash) that I found out I had gotten the wrong book. 
The Lovely Bones. One of only four books I've ever abandoned without finishing, and the only book I've ever abandoned when I was more than 60% through.
**Armada** by Ernest Cline. Just no, a big fat no.
I gave up on *Room*, by Emma Donoghue. I suppose isn't a *bad* book. I can see why people like it (especially fans of Cathy Glass's tragedy porn). I acknowledge that, objectively, it's creative and well-written. But I absolutely could not stand it. I couldn't have pushed through another page of meltedy spoon and having some more from the yummy left even if the winning lottery numbers and a cure for cancer were on the other side. I get the feeling that the grating narration was the point, but for me it wasn't worth it.
"The Girl on the Train". Can't understand the hype/praise! Absolute drivel!
I'm gonna get some flack for this, but The Martian. Tried too hard to be funny.
Angels and Demons, by Dan Brown.

Really hated this piece of crap. It was boring and reptitive throughout and I felt like putting it down so many times. Don't think i'll be reading many books from him in the future.
Cursed Child omg what a turd that was.  Also I adore David Mitchell, but I had to abandon Black Swan Green.  I've read all his others and loved them.  De Zoet is one of my all-time favorites.  
Absolutely the worst thing I read this year was Margaret Atwood's *Angel Catbird*.  Clearly Atwood is at the point where she can do what she wants, but I don't know if it was the story or the artwork or the random cat facts throughout that did me in, but it was just a mistake.
Beautiful Disaster by Jamie McGuire. Awful writing, and romanticizing controlling and abusive behavior. I was seriously floored by how abusive the relationship is and how it is portrayed as acceptable and romantic. 
*Girls* by Emma Cline was disappointing to me.  I had always been fascinated with the Manson murders, so I thought a fictionalized account would be something I would like.  It wasn't awful writing, but it felt like a YA coming of age novel with some swearing and a few graphic scenes.   None of the characters had any depth, in my opinion, and there was too much "telling" instead of "showing".  
I didnt read a bad book this year.....but I read a terrible book last year and it was Inferno by dan brown......I used to be a fan of his books but damn did that book suck.
Mr. Penumbra's 24 Hour Bookstore. 

Mr. P was cool, the bookstore was neat, but dear god if the main character was a real person I'd punch him in the balls. So whiny and pretentious, and the entire thing sounded like the author had just discovered Google and was trying to brownnose his way into a job there. 

Edit: ahh totally forgot it was a guy - fixed!
*Raise the Titanic* by Clive Cussler.  Absolutely terrible. I'd never read one of his books before and heard this was a good one.  I hate to think what the others must be like.  This was absolute garbage.

Runner-up: *The Girls* by Emma Cline.  Stunningly bad writing made it almost unreadable.
There are so many *kinds* of "worst." I'm'a talk about two.

I found a copy of *The Dosadi Experiment* by Frank Herbert in a used bookstore. It's a minor classic! By a major author! It's gotta be at least okay, right? No. Two hundred pages of people arguing about the Nature of Consciousness, and Herbert didn't know anything about the subject so it's all just techno-babble. Then at the end they've accidentally manufactured God.

And then there was *The Traitor Baru Cormorant*, which is the book I most hated this year. Y'know how everybody hates *The Road*, because it's horrible and awful and incredibly well-written? Yeah, that. Don't read *The Traitor Baru Cormorant*, you'll hate it. But read it, it's really good. But don't, you'll hate it.
Likely a Harlequin novel I picked up on a whim while waiting in the library. *The Infamous Italian's Secret Baby*. With a title like that, how could you go wrong?
The Underground Railroad. Piss-poor prose written at a high school level of ability, a gimmicky title and plot tie in that are covered I maybe 4/300 pages total, character lacking any detail; personality or physical features, and a plot that's entirely based on action. It's pseudo literary fiction that desperately wants to be a thriller and is written like one. 

The entire thing is a poor Toni Morrison rip off. Whitehead deserves no acclaim or awards. 
The magician. My friend recommended it to me, and I  didn't know what to expect. I was hoping for something along Harry Potter, but I was way off. I found it boring, didn't like any of the characters and when interesting stuff happened, I didn't really cared. My friend still loves the book. I guess it just wasn't a book for me. 
Joe Hill's new book The Fireman was a huge disappointment, and I have always been a HUGE fan of the guys work. I'd say it was the worst book I actually finished this year.
The After Series by Anna Todd. It was just too much back and forth.. couldn't finish it.
Vathek by William Beckford. I generally like gothic novels and the premise sounded interesting, but oh my is this awful. 
The Hanging Tree by Ben Aaronovitch. 

I usually love his stuff. The Rivers of London series is one of my all time favourite series, Mr Punch is one of my favourite characters. I was probably too hyped for it tbh, seeing as it kept being delayed. It was just too predictable. And the big reveal towards the end just fell flat for me. After that particular plot point being built on for so long I wanted more, it’s like he dragged it out for so long and just nah. It felt like one of those books where it could have been so good but Aaronovitch just couldn’t pull it off himself. 
A Little Life by Hanya Yanagihara, only book so far this year that I had to abandon. I thought I was going to be in for a treat given all of the overwhelmingly positive reviews that I'd heard, but after giving up 400-odd pages in (gave it every chance to get better) I genuinely can't think of a single redeeming quality to this novel. Ridiculous characters, ridiculous manipulative story arc, awful writing, 500 pages too long. 

Probably the worst book I've **ever** read, let alone in 2016.
*The Heart Goes Last* by Margaret Atwood. The first third of the novel is a brilliant take on dystopian/speculative fiction, that most of all feels incredibly real given the situation we're facing more and more with prisons and the economy.

Then the book goes completely off the deep end for the remaining two thirds as she tries to make it a zany black comedy. And it just doesn't work at all, it was far too quick a gear change to keep me interested.
I should have figured this out before I started reading, but the Immortal Instruments series. So bad. Tweenie, a bad love triangle, angst, and bad writing. Finding out that Cassandra Claire has been accused of plagiarizing makes so much sense now.
I joined a book club this year and for November we're reading "You are a Badass: How to Stop Doubting Your Greatness and Start Living an Awesome Life." It's the first self-help book I've ever read, and it has convinced me that the people in my book club are crazy for thinking this was worth reading. 
I read a number of James Patterson's "Bookshots" and they were all so bad. Little Black Dress by Emily Raymond was the worst of the lot. I don't even know what the hell that was supposed to be - some kind of weird Mary Sue sexual fantasy. The description made it sound like a thriller, but it turned out to be a more grammatically-correct 50 Shades of Grey.
I'm trying to finish my Goodreads challenge for the year, and I buy books at a discount through Bookbub and Goodreads notifications. this has led to a few disappointments which I felt obligated to finish: "Veronica", by Mary Gaitskill, was just... terrible. trying way to hard to be artistic and shocking, and it just fell flat for me.

"Keep Your Friends Close", by Paula Daly and "The Good Neighbor", by A.J. Banner, were both touted as Gone-Girl-esque. they were not. I'm going to start skipping any book description that starts that way. They were boilerplate "this wife thinks she has the perfect marriage... but does she? (dun dun duuuunnnn)"/bitches be trippin'.

"The Angel of Losses", by Stephanie Feldman. another one that tried much too hard to be artistic and magical. I read it back in January, so I can't recall what exactly rubbed me the wrong way; I just recall being profoundly bored by the entire thing.
I finally got around to reading Clariel and didn't like it, or any of the characters in it, and despite starting out hopeful to read something a bit refreshing, well... I can't say I enjoyed any part of it.
**Me Before You, by JoJo Moyes**. This book was awful. The characters were drab and boring, and nothing seemed to happen throughout the entire book. The supposed to be sad ending wasn't sad at all for me because I just did not care. 
The Butterfly Garden by Dot Hutchinson wasn't very good. Like Criminal Minds, I can appreciate it as entertaining simply because of the gratuity. But other than that, the ending was clumsy and the characters were shallow. 
Oh boy. I'm an English major taking two lit classes at once right now, and I've got a good one.

In my Music in Fiction class, a class which has actually introduced me to a couple favorite 2016 reads, we read the novel "An Equal Music" by Vikram Seth. If you recognize that name, it's because he was previously the author of "A Suitable Boy," a very celebrated novel during its release. I had never read anything by him before, and only vaguely knew the name.

So, An Equal Music is about a professional concert violinist whose main character traits boil down to an intense feeling of longing for an ex-girlfriend who he was with a decade before the novel takes place (he's somewhere in his thirties). We learn that he was the one to break things off, abandoning her without a trace, and then continue to endure his cancerous victim complex for several hundred pages. he reconnects with this woman, who is now married and has a kid, and immediately begins trying to guilt her for moving on with her life. They have an affair, and then the woman realizes that what she's doing is wrong, and she leaves. The protagonist is distraught, comes to terms with it,a nd finishes on a very numb emotional note. He hasn't learned anything. He hasn't even ever acknowledged the fact that he's been a petulant man-baby for acting as though his ex "betrayed" him for having lived ten years of life in the last ten years, instead of just staring morosely out windows for a decade. Nothing of value is gained. Set it aflame.
I Am Pilgrim.  Hated it.  Far too long, far too pleased with itself.  Just couldn't get into it.
Ready Player One

What a joke of a sci-fi book.  It was a nostalgia porn book for those who grew up in the 80's but written in first person and with the prose of a teenager.  I mean I'll read a young adult novel but this one young child levels of simplicity. As a lover of sci-fi I was so let down.  More so than any other book I've ever read.
I *loathed* two books this year: **A Heartbreaking Tale of Staggering Genius by Dave Eggers** and **Me Before You by Jojo Moyes**.  Holy hell, I struggle to remember the last time I read a pair of books so insufferable. 

*Genius* was intolerably twee, ponderous under the weight of its Diablo Cody-esque, self-congratulatory, faux-modest bullshit narrative. I hated every second of Eggers's pretentious "I am pretending to be self-deprecating whilst being the most obnoxious self-aggrandizer in modern literature." Good god. So contrived, so dull. I am shocked that so many people love this book. 

**Me Before You**... Farcically contrived. Like reading bad FanFiction. Writing about supposed young people by a person I am convinced has never actually met a young person. This one threw me back to the days of the Stephenie Meyer heyday, it was so awful. 
I finally got around to reading *Catcher in the Rye*. It was beyond bad.
this year i re read *Memoirs of a Geisha* which i hadn't read since i was fourteen, and thought was pretty good. i had fogotten most of it and thought, why not refresh myself?

famous fucking last words. 
MOBY DICK. 

First you get like 100 pages of Queequeg being cool and using his spear as a fork and shit, then it suddenly turns into the worst thing ever. I know so much about 19th century marine biology and whaling practices now, and I wish I didn't.
What We Talk About When We Talk About Love by Raymond Carver and Ice by Chelsea Camaron. The first one bored me to death and the second one was so dumb it made me angry. 
No Country for Old Men. I love me some McCarthy, but he steered too heavily into the realm of the apocalyptic prophesy. In his other works, violence always was something bigger than just violence, but here it serves as a vehicle for Cormac to proclaim the imminent death of everything. In hindsight, it makes sense that The Road, a post-apocalyptic novel, came next after this. 
 
I'm not saying everything he writes must live up to Blood Meridian, All the Pretty Horses or Suttree; it's okay to sometimes drop the ball and that's exactly what he did here. However, it doesn't really fill me with enthusiasm to read The Road, the last unread McCarthy for me.
Uprooted by Naomi Novik. It starts off interesting and then turns into a giant mess.
Ready Player One. So hyped, yet just filled with awful writing and characters thinly veiled with nostalgia.
I could not get through Phillipa Gregory's new novel. Two sisters, two queens maybe? It was terribly boring and the writing style was similar to YA novels. I felt dumber trying to read it. Very disappointed. That, I think, was my last PG attempt. 
Granted I haven't finished the book yet, but *Loney* by Andrew Michael Hurley is by far the least interesting book I've read this year. There's some good writing in there, but at about 225 pages in, I really feel like I should be past the stage of 'hints' about what the story is going to be about.

The author also has this talent for completely killing momentum and suspense by putting in these seemingly random flashbacks (and I know there's more to them, but they're boring). It's just not holding my attention at all.
*Tree of Smoke* by Denis Johnson.


 The types of books that win the Pulitzer Prize or National Book Award tend to fall into two categories for me: 1) books I adore or 2) books that I respect as quality works but don't really enjoy. *Tree of Smoke* introduced me to a third category: books that have lots of unusual words and flowery language but don't really have anything to say. Johnson spends more than 700 pages spinning the wheels, never developing characters or themes into anything meaningful or even interesting. But his book as all the right tropes for a book to be effectively marketed as "important" to contemporary America, and the publishing world bought into all of it. If there's a silver lining to my experience with *Tree of Smoke,* it's that I know now that I should not continue reading a book I don't like just because of its acclaim. I won't make that mistake again.
Urth of the New Sun.  I can't say I was a huge, huge fan of the Book of the New Sun series in general, but the first four were enjoyable enough.  The fifth book though felt like an afterthought with absolutely no direction to its plot.
Forsaken Power by KJ Colt. The first two books in the series were decent, the third book being the one where everything started to go downhill. I purchased and starting reading the fourth book just to see what would happen and everything became so ridiculous that I was physically irritated by it all. Only book I haven't finished this year.
Her by Harriett Lane.  I think she forgot to finish the book or got bored as I was & said hell with it.
A Separate Country by Robert Hicks - I'm sure it is very historically accurate but my god it is plodding, overly detailed nonsense. 100's of pages of nothing happening. The guy is probably a knowledgable historian - judging by what I've read about him - but he can't half mangle a story beyond comprehension.

Unfriending My Ex by Kim Stoltz - Fuck if I know what the point of that book was. I get it... she's addicted to social media. Why am I supposed to care? 

The Collector -John Fowles. Finally finished this and wasn't impressed at all. It's all about class and the writers worry that people were being raised up beyond their ability to cope. Basically it seems like the writer is a very upper middle class guy feeling the lower classes nipping at his heels and wants to say they need to think about whether they wouldn't be happier at their original lowly station because if they try to attain any success they will destroy what they prize as signs of their success. I'm pretty sure he claimed he was trying to say the opposite but if he was trying to say something else he wasn't successful. 

Love of Blood - The True Story of Notorious Serial Killer Joanne Dennehy by Christopher Berry-Dee - this was absolute dross. Offensively badly written and rather insulting to the victims, kept wandering off on weird tangents and poorly researched. It seemed to have been mainly pulled together from press reports as he couldn't get anyone involved to actually talk to him. Looked into the writers credentials - can't find any information on why he thinks he's qualified to write about crime other than advertising himself as a criminologist on TV since the 90's. 

I've read a lot of crap this year it seems. Luckily I've read even more stuff I've loved. 
The only book I've given one star on Goodreads so far this year was *After the Circus* by Patrick Modiano. I'm still trying to decide if there was simply something lost in translation, because it was originally in French and referenced a time period in France that I'm simply not familiar with, but didn't go into enough detail to explain what was going on. It seemed like nothing really happened, and when the narrator should have been feeling emotions, he seemed completely detached and disinterested. I didn't see the point of any of it.

I might actually be angrier at *Pretty Girls* by Karin Slaughter and *A Partial History of Lost Causes* by Jennifer duBois. The former started with an interesting premise but quickly turned totally cliché (woman married a man with a ~secret life~ which was very cringeworthy and tragedy-porny). The latter was more promising, had an amazing title and could have been a really fascinating post-Soviet political intrigue. Instead, the two main characters were so abysmally self-absorbed that I ended up hating them both and the plot fizzled without taking advantage of any of the interesting opportunities of the premise. The lost potential still makes me furious. 
Forest Gump by Winston Groom was pretty bad.
Slathbog's Gold - yeah it's a YA book but boy o boy does the main character suffer Chosen One syndrome and then have it ramped up to infinity.

There was, literally, no obstacle or dangers. It was just a hobbit rip-off of a kid who knew nothing about adventuring or magic or sword fighting or other languages and within 200 pages he is a master of them all. For no real reason...well actually his sword fights for him.
**The Girls, by Emma Cline** was so overwriten and chaotic that I gave up on it. I rarely give up on books.

**A Certain Age, Rebbecca Ray** for some reason this book is called Pure on goodreads, like they changed the title later or something. Anyways about a 14 year old with a shitty hippy family who gets involved with an old man and stuff. A disturbing coming of age story. What was really disturbing was how bad it was, so much filler, so many unnecessary sentences, the book should have been cut in half. 400 pages of boredom.
Uh... A couple of the short stories in the Jungle Book I guess. Mostly just boring.

Yeah I haven't really read much that I haven't enjoyed or found fun. Only really started picking up massive reading the latter half of this year.
The Meursault Investigation. Please don't claw my face off
[Matchbox Theatre](https://tintededges.wordpress.com/2016/08/01/matchbox-theatre-thirty-short-entertainments/). I picked it up because it was pretty, and it was the most banal, cliche, trivial thing I've ever read. 
Diary of an Oxygen Thief by Anonymous. Holy crap what a piece of garbage. Narrator jumps around so much and none of his side stories even contributed anything to his main story. It's been a bestseller at B&N for so long I thought it had to be good. Lesson learned. 
I actually thought Tig Notaro's 'I'm Just A Person' was pretty underwhelming, but I'd hardly call it bad. I've only read 5 books, and it was the weakest of the lot.

Klosterman's "But What If We're Wrong" was kinda inessential too.
The Shack by William Paul Young - I missed the hype wave that came with the release of this so called 'life changing' book a few years ago and finally got around to reading it. My friend told me it was a murder mystery with Christianity undertones, like Chronicles of Narnia...but it's actually a bad Hallmark movie fan fiction.


I'm actually impressed with how trite, boring, and one-dimensional the author wrote the characters of God, Jesus, and the Holy Spirit to be. And it's hilarious how Young builds his foundation of world rockin' realizations by making Jesus a Jew with a big nose and a dislike of religion, and God a big black southern mama named Papa (SO RADICAL). This book is preachy garbage with no plot or direction. The dialogue is weird and forced, the use of similes is sophomoric, and the main character Mack is only interesting because his daughter was murdered. A giant meteor would have been a more interesting ending to this (lack of a) story.  I could go on and on but I've already written too much. Young says he never intended to write a book which is very, very obvious after reading whatever The Shack is. 


I'm glad that people found solace in this book, I really am. I believe in forgiveness and love for others but those are things I already had learned before reading this.
The Buried Giant by Kazuo Ishiguro.
I wouldn't call it a BAD book, but it definitely wasn't good either.
I wanted to like it so much, but it just went....nowhere. And reading Axl calling his wife "Princess" in almost literally every sentence he said to her nearly drove me nuts. 
*Village of the Full Moon Curse* by Daniel Griffin is your standard vampire vs. werewolf story set in rural Alaska, but with worse dialogue and ridiculous mythology.  I chose that one expecting it to be bad though; it was the least popular novel in my library's Overdrive catalog.  
Bull Street by David Lender. 

It was pretty dull with shallow characters. I was just in a big mood for a financial thriller and picked it up on a whim. I think I'll be staying away from other Lender novels in the future.
sophie's world is the worst book i've ever read, sophie is an obnoxious asshole to her mother and friend joanna, alberto knox is a douche to everyone at the end of the book. Ok so you know some philosophy that does not make you special sophie it is not like you cured cancer, should not a philosopher help the people around him with his knowledge instead of being an asshole to everyone especially his mother and friend. the writing was poor and bland. I hate this book so much, i removed it off my shelf.
In terms of me actually thinking it's bad, *On Anarchy* by Noam Chomsky was pretty horrible. Droll, aimless, dull writing style just makes it a complete nightmare to read, regardless of your opinion on his politics. It's like watching one of those history VHS tapes your teacher used to wheel out with a huge CRT TV in school. 

In terms of my just not liking it, but appreciating why some people might, *Mrs Dalloway* by Virginia Woolf actually seemed to drive me a bit loopy. Unrelentingly miserable and difficult to read and comprehend. If I'm going to put a lot of work into understanding something, it had better reap some rewards. Dalloway didn't feel like it did, for me.
I did not finish I Let You Go because the plot twist was just too much and made me angry.  I also thought the Woman in Cabin 10 was bad.
The second books to The Passage and The Left Hand of God. Man... I.. I can't even. 
Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind by Yuval Noah Harari‎

I love reading about this topic, and started off the book on a good note, but by the 2nd chapter I could tell the author was a gay man on the far left side of politics EDIT: Oh and a vegan. I am not against either of the two, but I just found too many connotations and inferences in a book with no relation to either topic. The author also used some theories which had already been refuted at the time of writing. 
Exodus by Leon Uris

Suffered from the author's attempt to push his on view point of who is right and who is wrong. Too many important moments hinged on assumptions I wasn't prepared to make, so the whole book fell flat and felt like a moral lesson.
"Blues People" by LeRoi Jones. Awful criticism, awful history.
Easily *Same Kind of Different as Me* by Denver Moore and Ron Hall. Badly written, smarmy, and self indulgent
Ghostland. It wasn't the worst thing I've ever read but it had so much promise. It starts off great and then falls into the same, repetitive thing: here's a cool ghost story, he's the real story, here's a lot of stuff you might find interesting, some theory, but probably could skip.
Attempted to re-read "Lord Foul's Bane" by Stephen R. Donaldson; I'd happily plowed through the first two trilogies in high school.

I must have had a lot more free time back then.
Looking for Alaska..... 
"Today Will Be Different" by Maria Semple. The main character was incredibly unlikable and the story was outlandish.
The slow regard of silent things, just couldn't bear with it... too abstract
Honestly, I really disliked The Cursed Child. 
The Widow by Fiona Barton. It was hyped as the one of the next Gone Girls. I felt stupid after reading it. I only finished it because I wanted to add another book to my Goodreads challenge. Thank goodness it was just a library book.
There's a couple that I read this year that really disappointed me:

*Rat Queens Vol. 3: Demons* - I read the first two volumes right before this one, and I really enjoyed them.  I felt like the third one took a complete nosedive.  The plot was confusing and a lot of the characters seemed so different than how they were previously written.

*Ruin and Rising* - This is the third book in the Grisha series, a YA fantasy novel that centers around a magic girl/chosen one.  I don't read a lot of YA but I thought the Russian-inspired setting would be interesting, and I'd heard a lot of people really liked the main villain.  I love well-written and complex villains.  The first book was good, the second one was okay, and I felt like the third one was a huge waste of time.
Outline by Rachel Cusk. So much acclaim!  I could barely stay awake and get through it.  What am I missing?
Fool Me Once by Harlan Coben.
I had read one of Coben's book ('Stranger') about 10 years ago. I didn't remember the plot but I remember I liked it then. Fool me Once was dissapointing. Which Coben's book could you recommend? If I ever read something as boring as Fool me Once, I'm afraid I'll avoid Coben's stuff.
Metro 2023 by Dmitry Glukhovsky.

Initially, I was excited to read this book as the concept seemed very interesting. This book was less about the metro and more about generic characters repeated, continuously saying the same crap. I felt it ended so poorly and abruptly, when it did I was simply relieved.
11.22.63 by Stephen King. Holy shit did that book take a dump about halfway through. I couldn't finish it. 
Zen & the art of motorcycle maintenance: boring story line and the writer seemed cocky almost.

Naked lunch: the lingo was so terrible and confusing I couldn't even finish the book.

The gunslinger: incredibly boring story where basically nothing happens for 95% of the book. This book being so bad was cemented in my mind when I read the 1st 30 pages of the next book in the dark tower series and was blown away by how much better those 30 pages were compared to the entire 1st book.
Crosstalk by Connie Willis. 


Actually it may not count here for this, because I quit reading it before finishing. It was completely mind numbing, poorly written, had all sorts of internal inconsistencies, and was generally awful. 

It's been a long time since I've read something I hated so much. 
I didn't have any total duds this year actually, I think the only ones I was pretty "meh" on were The Wicked + The Divine and Revival, both graphic novels. Basically everything else was 4-5 stars, even with a significant increase in reading for me to hit my challenge goal (albeit a totally unimpressive number, I've been reading in the single digits the past several years).
For me it was *Brave New World*, By Aldous Huxley (I know, I know, sorry), and *Tinkers*, by Paul Harding. Both of which had me scratching my head the entire time, with little desire to figure out what they were really about. 
I didn't have any books I really disliked, but my least favourite is propably The Gunslinger. However, I am now reading The Dark Tower, so even though the first one was not so good, I kept reading and I enjoyed the rest
I have two:

**I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream** by Harlan Ellison. It's a collection of sci-fi/fantastical short stories by . The title story is *phenomenal* and decades ahead of its time. Unfortunately everything else in the book is juvenile crap, like the kind of stuff a 19 year old who lives in his mom's basement would write.

**Love-Lies-Bleeding** by Don Delillo. It's a play, and while Delillo is a hugely celebrated novelist, as a playwright, he leaves a lot to be desired. It's just 2-3 characters alone in a room talking at each other without ever talking to each other. Even worse, the whole thing is really just an 'issues' piece about euthanasia. Stick with his novels, this was junk.
This Is Where It Ends... I actually couldn't wait for this to come out because I heard interesting reviews and it has a really cool cover (I know, I know). This book is terrible! I rarely don't finish a book, but this thing sucked so bad it actually made me angry. Consider yourself warned.
I started reading Fight Club and I think it's terrible. I ordered it used for a couple bucks and have been tempted to throw it in the trash. Great movie. Absolutely shit novel.
Yes! Another thread passes with no mention of anything I've written! SUCCESS!

Ahem. Anyway ...

After looking back through my goodreads ratings, the lowest rating I gave this year was a one-star score to the book *Dragon Thief*. I just ... where to begin?

I mean, I can excuse a little wish-fulfillment. A little. Main character is a master thief who, after months of searching, has found a dragon's lair and is intent on pilfering it. Instead the dragon pilfers him, and after learning he's a master thief, decides he's a great addition to her collection.

And from there ... ugh. The plot had no overall goal or aim, meandering aimlessly. Magic powers and capabilities are handed out as needed to produce deus ex machinas—though to be fair, they're hardly explained anyway, so it's hard to tell.

All in all it was a mess of a book. I'd read another by the author before and found it decent, so I was willing to give this one a chance ... and was disappointed pretty heavily.
My science textbook
So I'll probably get a lot of flack for this, but "Satanic Verses" was terrible. Should I go back an reread it? Am I being too harsh? 
Siddhartha... what a... mess of book, I get lots of people like it, but I just couldn't handle it
Fahrenheit 451

God, what a shitty book. It tried *so hard* to be 1984. It failed miserably. The characters were awful, they didn't have any substance, it never really explained how the society works, and the end came out of nowhere. 
Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe

Just no. 
I don't read books, but this year I decided to check on 50 shades of gray. I must say it's fascinating. Two paragraphs in I gave up, thinking I could publish my own book.
If this is the wrong subreddit, could someone please send me in the right direction! 
Thank you so much 
Has anyone figured out what this thing actually is yet?
I agree with you about the ending. 

It wasn't as hard hitting as it's made out to be though I don't think - after all the hype I was expecting something absolutely soul crushing to read and it definitely didn't live up to that hype. 
I read this book when I was a teenager and again as an adult. I really liked it. 
Thank you for sharing. I've not read this book yet but it's been on my list and I think I'll make it a top priority book for 2017.
Margaret Atwood did an AMA here [you might want to take a look](http://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/2qprzk/i_am_margaret_atwood_author_of_the_handmaids_tale/) :) [Here's a link to all of our upcoming AMAs](http://www.reddit.com/r/books/wiki/amafullschedule)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/books) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I hope you're enjoying it! I read the book not too long ago and loved it.

I think of part 1, the Captain Trips section, as serving three functions: development of the books' main characters, weaving their story arcs together, and fleshing out the Captain Trips superflu and how devastating it really was by going into detail about its spread and describing the many deaths from it. The stuff about CT itself is *very* entertaining to read about, but in my opinion it is ancillary to the first two functions of part 1. SK could have started the book by saying: "A superflu wiped out 99.8% of the population. These are the survivors." and go from there, and the actual plot of the story would remain largely intact (no, I am NOT suggesting that he should have done this; I think the story that he told was done masterfully as is). However, it would *feel* so much less epic and would really be a much less satisfying read if he did this, IMO. 

In short: in Part 1, the author goes into flashy, fun, well-written extra detail about the victims of CT that *may not* be crucial to the plot itself, but *is* crucial to the scope of the novel. 

I don't think you're necessarily 'reading superficially', it's just the nature of the storytelling for this particular work. If you're looking to read with a more critical eye, I think that there will be more material to work with in the latter portion of the text. Without spoiling anything, the book becomes more cerebral and thought-provoking as the story develops. Ultimately, whether there is potential for *The Stand* to be analyzed on a deep level or not will depend on one's sensibilities. 
It's a dense book. I revisited it years later and understood a lot more of the context than I originally did, especially in regards to Flagg's and Abigail's respective motivations. The opening third is probably my favorite in all of King's literature, and I love the descriptions of events happening throughout New York as people succumb to Trips.

The Marvel comic tie-in series also shows a lot of world-building and expands on certain elements of the books, from what I've read so far.

There's also the 1994 miniseries which dials some stuff down (the "human zoo", some of the more unsavory elements) for a really good 4-part story.
I haven't read it in 25-30 years, but I liked it.  It would in #3 position behind Salems Lot and It for best King books 
The beginning is definitely the easier section to read. That book has such a long journey that it can't possibly all be interesting to read about. I recall getting pretty bored about 2/3 through but still slowly chopping through it. And the ending is good so it's all worth it. Hope you enjoy!
Just wanted to note there are actually two versions of The Stand. The original and then the "uncut" version which restored a few hundred pages of the original manuscript.
I enjoyed both versions - and they are, of course, vastly superior to the various movie/tv mini-series variations.
I'm reading The Stand right now, too, and I just finished part one. It's my first King book and I honestly think it could be the best book I've ever read (or a close second behind Bright Shiny Morning by James Frey). The storytelling is amazing, the characters are easy to follow (I don't like Rita or Harold, though), and the descriptions of events are flawless. I love this book. 
I'm re-reading the uncut version now - I first read it in high school and I can see that there were a lot of things I missed or didn't fully understand the first time around.  One of the things I like about King's work is his treatment of characters, and The Stand may be one of the finest examples of this.  He has a real talent for seeing people, I think, and that really comes through in his work.  His characters are people we could all know in real life; we can relate to the situations better because those people could be our neighbors, our parents, our friends, us.  The Stand weaves some incredible realism into a weirdly supernatural story.  And as one of the commenters has said, there is more material later in the story that may provide some interesting "thought food".  
Obviously the answer is simple: time for the US to become part of Britain again. That would solve all of these problems. 

It was a good run, I think. The United States was a fun idea. Thanks for all the fish.
 
>It was previously restricted to the UK, the Commonwealth, Ireland...

Ok, makes sense.

>...And Zimbabwe.

Can someone explain why Zimbabwe is included? It seems random.
On another note, Barnes' new book... should I read it?
This American who loved The Sellout can agree with this sentiment. 

Though maybe it won't. Only time will tell. 
Barnes (who is a wonderful writer, by the way) has a conflict of interest here, since the more competition there is the more difficult it is for him to win.

On the other hand, I see nothing wrong with the Booker being restricted to the Commonwealth, and nothing wrong with it being open to all novels in English. The award just needs to decide whether it wants to be a regional or a worldwide award, and both choices are fine.
It's gotta be exclusively about book sales. Personally, since they've allowed Americans, I've consumed the longlist, bought some, libraried some, downloaded them. I'm so fond of the award, starting in 2017, I'm gonna go backwards and try and get to as many of the previous nominees and winners as possible.  
  
But at the same time I agree with Barnes.
Basically: Bitter old man is mad that nobody had heard of him until he won and now feels that his new novels will no longer win because of Americans. Hardly.

His argument is pointless. The National Book Award is for 

>to raise the cultural appreciation of great writing in America

So Britain falls nowhere into that.

The Pulitzer

>The Pulitzer Prize is an award for achievements in newspaper, magazine and online journalism, literature, and musical composition in the United States

Again, specifically the US.

The Man Booker was always just about awarding the best English language book. The whole "Empire only" thing is outdated literary criticism that asserts that the U.K. is regularly producing the only important *real* literature compared to the US' output. 
Agreed.
Shut your computer down 30 min before bed. Grab a book and read during that time instead. 
Honestly, what you're describing is just discipline. Making yourself do something you don't want to do because you know it's good for you is a life skill you're going to need to figure out.
Try to find motivation from yourself, not an external source. For me, when I find myself not reading as much, I'll focus on: wanting to learn more, improve my vocabulary, spend less time in front of screens, work on my imagination etc... I have also found once I am in the groove of reading it is much easier to keep it going. Find a book that really sounds fascinating for you and then go from there.
The most important thing is to discover that reading can actually be really fun. Don't worry too much about what your school or your parents think you should be reading. Be honest with yourself, don't try and convince yourself you want to read Dostoyevsky if you don't want to, if you want to read something about shotgun wielding vampires go for it. There *are* books out there that you will want to start reading and that you'll enjoy reading. You just need to forget about what you think you're *supposed* to read, for now at least.

 As a gamer you might want to start with a videogame tie-in novel. There are plenty of those, set in the Universes of games such as Halo or Dragon Age. You could even start out by listening to an audiobook, then transition to reading the text after a few chapters, once you've become invested in the story and just want to know what happens next.

All you need to concentrate on is developing a taste for the act of reading by finding the stuff *you* enjoy, then you'll find you can't help but want to read more, and eventually you'll find yourself helplessly wanting to read deeper, more 'important' books after the thrill of the lighter stuff wears off. It's like gaming or anything else. You probably enjoy way more complex and deep games than you used to, don't you? But if you'd tried to force yourself to play the deeper, more complex games first you probably never would've got into gaming as a hobby.

The reading logs and the (what I'm guessing from my own experience of schooling) pressure to read stuff that doesn't excite you sucks and sadly that might just have to be something you're just gonna have to push through but if you really want to be a reader just forget all that stuff. Forget how respectable the stuff you're reading is and forget how much of it you're supposed to be reading. Just try and find the stuff that *you* enjoy reading (which I promise, *is* out there) and it will all flow effortlessly from there.

Alternatively just tell your teachers you read through this entire long ass comment and they'll surely give you an A.
Figuring out how to change your habits to suit what you need is the most important skill you can learn.  It's honestly something that only you will be able to do.

We can give advice, I'm sure that many will, but you are the only one that really know what drives you.
make a rule for yourself "I will read for 15 minutes and then do whatever" stick to that rule. 15 minutes is not that much time, you can 'suffer' through 15 minutes before hopping on the computer. 

as you become more comfortable with reading expand the time to 30-60 minutes, or do 2 sessions of 15, whatever works for you. 

you may also do page amounts, like "i will read a chapter" or "i will read 20 pages" try different ways, stick to what works for you.
I wouldn't. Reading for pleasure is much different than reading for requirement, and if someone doesn't already feel like reading it isn't worth the effort to hound them into doing so.

If you have required reading for school treat it as homework. Carry the book with you and sneak in a few pages during downtime in class, while waiting for the bus, or whenever you have a few minutes to kill.
Honestly, I'd start basic. Read some good trashy novels, like some with bad romance or something. The plot and characters are easy and its like watching a soapie, eventually you can start moving up a bit and find out where your interests lie. Alternatively try and find some books similar to the games you play, since they seem to peak your interest.
Short stories.
I always recommend The Hobbit as a great first book.
find a subject matter that interest you and chose a title about that. If reading on a screen is easier for you, get the kindle app and read on your phone
You need to find the right book. Don't be afraid to go off the beaten path or try anything -- ANYTHING -- that catches your fancy. Once you get engrossed by the right story, you won't have a problem maintaining discipline.

Also, it's fine to admit that reading just isn't for you.
Find a subject you're very interested in and then find a good book about it, let nature take its course. 
A trick that I used to do is read a minimum of 5 pages every day. Everyone can find time to read a measly 5 pages, even just right before bed or woke on the toilet. I find that I usually become interested in what I'm reading and will exceed the 5 pages naturally. And if not, you'll still end up reading about 8 books a year which is way more than most people.
Try listening to audiobooks in the car or when you have down time throughout the day. That way you're using time you wouldn't spend in front of the computer anyway. 
There's a difference between reading for work and reading for leisure. To read for work, you simply accept that it's something you have to do. As another commenter said, that's just discipline. 

For leisure, I really don't think reading is intrinsically any more worthy a hobby than gaming or anything else. Which is to say, if it's something you *want* to do, pick up something that interests you - perhaps something based on the lore of your favorite game or something that inspired it - and if it's not, then don't worry about it. Hobbies should not be forced. 
For me, It was the witcher books. I sunk hundreds of hours into the games and then decided to read the books. I'm going to be honest though, why is your mom making you fill out a book log? That automatically would demotivate me from doing something.  
This essay has some practical tips: http://nicolezhu.github.io/52-books-in-52-weeks/
Find a subject you are really into and start reading books in that genre. For me I was 40 years old before I started reading and now 4 years later I sometimes read 4 hours a day. I started with ufo and alien books and have now branched out to other subjects. My kinde goes everywhere with me . If I can read just a sentence while out somewhere I will.
> It is an heretic that makes the fire,
> Not she which burns in't.

http://shakespeare.mit.edu/winters_tale/winters_tale.2.3.html
Heresy in Russia is a strange thing. Didn't a whole bunch of Russians got themselves excommunicated for crossing themselves with two fingers instead of three as their Patriarch commanded?
That picture of him was actually taken in color then, it wasn't colorized later.
If you're 555, then I'm 666
Little known fact - He was originally going to title War and Peace "War, What is it Good For?"
I think the truth is none of us really know but there's a certain virtue in being a seeker and honoring the honest seeking of others. This is the heart and mind the church has lost, at least the most visible elements.   St. Augustine around 400 AD said the church is always in need of constant reform and I think Tolstoys heretical definition helps bring about those reforms.   
"What it Means to be a Heretic"

Explaining this seems like a job for the Inquisition of the Warhammer 40K Imperium.
Looks like the model for the cover of the giver
So much could have been done with this topic, but this is just somebody's high school book report. :/
Reminiscent of Hegel's dialectic, especially towards the end, the idea of continual contradiction in search of more complete communion. I wonder if he was influenced.
At the same time, Tolstoy wrote a book about a woman dying from an abortifacient overdose. I want to say that the sort of irony he used, makes reading his "personal thoughts" a lot like panning for gold.        
Maybe I'm part of the minority in this opinion.
> For instance, he postulates figuratively that “if we know that there was a church, which in the year 51 decided to receive the uncircumcised, this church made its appearance only because there was an other church, that of the Judaizing, which had decided not to receive the uncircumcised.”

I have never understood why circumcision, or the lack there of, was any sort of indication of anything other than surgery.  How it could have any bearing on spiritual or religious beliefs is quite beyond me.  But so are a lot of things about various religions.
That is so poorly written I just bailed. Fuck that. If you can't write, don't.
I know I sound like a prick but I don't care. When there is a very blatant grammatical mistake in the second paragraph of an article presenting itself as being academic, I can't get past it. That got by the writer, spellcheck, and the editor?
i clicked the link thinking to myself: "why the hell there is a beautiful girl posing in the thumbnail?"
So, basically he says that people only disagree when they have something to disagree about. And when everyone believes in a church as the ultimate arbiter of truth and thus the ultimate argument by authority, then when people disagree they may form a new church.
What's the best translation for *The Kingdom of God Is Within You*?
>An understand or, at least, a varying perspective of heresy is of value to the intellectual because it speaks not only to the church, but also to life in general. In other words, it provides a conceptual foundation for analyzing the current conception of the world and its relation to dissenters of today’s popular opinions.

This hurt my brain. 
Leo Tolstoy really liked kids. Sometimes he would get a whole room so full till there was no where to even place a step, and he's still yelling "MORE! MORE!"
Leo Tolstoy is a hack, and War and Peace is one of the most overrated works of literature in world history. Let's face facts: the only reason anyone tackles all these pages and all these characters is for bragging rights. It's flat, impenetrable, meandering and stultifyingly dull.
Leo Tolstoy really liked kids, there were times when he'd wake up early catch a kid, and keep petting him on the head, and petting him, until he was called for breakfast.
Tolstoy is no different than any other religious zealots who believe only they are the ones comprehending God's divine meaning.
I kept all of my physical books.  Have around 1600 of them.  I still buy physical books for author's that I follow or series that are still ongoing (Song of Ice and Fire for instance).  

I switched to kindle because it made it possible to share books with family.  I got kindles for my father, mother, sister, and uncle all on my account.  Now whenever one of us buys a book, everyone has access to it.  We all live in different states hundreds of miles apart so physically lending paper books isn't practical.  

I actually listen to more audiobooks than anything now.  I have hundreds of audible books.  Very convenient.
I bought a Kindle after moving 3 times in 3 years and moving all my books, which were mostly novels.  

I gave tons of books away and dropped the rest off at a used book store, save a small amount of my favorites.  

I don't regret it at all.  

I rebought some books later, but for the most part just let them go.  
I keep my books, I still buy them. Kindle is for travelling, and for books that I can't find physical copies of.
I converted to kindle about 3 years ago and since then,  my physical book collection has become just that.  A collection. I love the appeal of physical copies. First editions and rare books amaze me. But for convenience and the love of reading,  the ease of e-books is brilliant. I've recently started looking into buying rare and first edition physical books as a hobby,  I'm not sure I would have thought about that without my shift to e-books
I kept most of them, I still like to re-read my physical books and probably wouldn't re-buy them all. I like the kindle because I can travel with lots of books to read and a lot of books are really cheap.
sold them to a used bookstore and at a yardsale.  Kept a small bookself of favorites, especially beautiful ones, and picture based books.
Kept them because nothing beats the feel of a good book
I only use kindle to read books on the go. I still prefer physical books at home.
Kept anything I would want to save. Donated a bunch to NOLA post Katrina and donated some more to prison.

Got to deduct them from taxes and it was easy and efficient for me. The used book market seems to be really dead and hard work.
Amazon has out of copyright books that you can download for free on your Kindle. I swapped 150 physical classics for the Kindle version that way. 

Amazon also has a Kindle Matchbook program that gives you a reduced price on the Kindle version of certain physical books you have already purchased from them. The nice thing about this program is if you bought the physical book as a gift for someone else, you can buy the Kindle Matchbook for yourself. 
Donated to local libraries and friends
well... I dont ever re-read books... so it wasnt an imposition for me.  I guess you would just keep your old books to re-read if you do that sorta thing, no worse off then you are currently. 
A few years ago I got rid of a bunch of my books (to make moving easier). I sold a few of the higher-value ones on Amazon, and donated the rest to a local thrift shop that uses its profits for charity work. Another time I donated a bunch to my local library so they could sell them at their annual July 4th Book Sale event. Some used bookstores will buy used books, but expect them to be picky and not pay a lot.
Mine are mostly in storage.  We've given away about 20 large boxes (as heavy as we can carry) already, and have about 30 large boxes of books that we can't bear to part with yet. (mostly my wife can't bear to part with them, but I'm guilting of wanting to keep some).

If we had all of the books available in ebook format, I'd give them all away today.  My wife still has to have hard copies of some of her favorites, even when she knows she'll never re-read the paper book again. EVER.  

>Did you buy them again?

A lot of them, yes.  Some we were able to find free, or at very low costs, others, we paid $10 or so for. I'll bet I've paid out $60,000 in books, ebooks, audiobooks, and movies based on books since I've gotten married.
I gave some away, and kept many others.
I donated most of mine to the local library. I kept some of the hardcovers, especially those with collector possibilities. I never read a paper book if the ebook is available.
I use to be involved in trail work. You work and live in the back country for 6 months out of the year. Because reading was so vital to keep one's sanity, and I always had a collection in my vehicle back at the office, I always seem to become the crew's librarian somehow each year. Darn bastards never returned shit. Either way, I talk up my favorite books and push them on people constantly, thus my collection dwindled by giving them away. Kindle is a great selfish way to keep my collection to myself. 
I gave books that I had no interest in re-reading to the library for the annual book sale. I still buy books that would not be good on a kindle (anything heavy on graphics). Occasionally, I have repurchased books for Kindle that I already have in hard copy if it is Amazon deal of the day or a bookbub deal or if its a favorite author and something I would tend to re-read.
* They're still on my shelf, though I'm thinking of donating a few at this point (since I know I'm not rereading them) or maybe boxing them up for my younger relatives.
* The presumption that just because you have a Kindle you burn all your non-Kindle books is flawed. You can certainly convert over but I'm certainly not going to re-buy a ton of books just to get them on the Kindle.
Sold them to a used bookstore and gave those they did not want to a local library and literacy program. 
I bought one fairly recently - about a year ago. It was strange at first because I wanted a new book, but I also wanted to HAVE that new book. I moved over the summer and gave a lot of old ones away and had to really ask myself what I wanted to keep. 

Basically, I settled on continuing to read pulpy fiction and science fiction books on kindle, because physically owning them didn't bring me any satisfaction. But I still buy physical copies of special books or the types of non fiction books that I collect. Particularly history books. They look good on the shelf. 
I still have them, and occasionally I'll add some and donate others.  E-readers have their benefits\*,  but so does print.  Unless your current books are getting in the way, I agree there's not much point in disposing of them just to buy them again.  

\* the built in dictionary makes e-readers fantastic for vocab building and foreign language reading. 
Kept my favourites, currently I own about 70-80 books. The rest, I gave them away to friends, colleagues, libraries and homeless shelters.
Kept most, sold some, donated some. The real change was on intake as I now buy mostly eBooks and at a much slower clip.

I have not re-bought any books I owned. I don't think I will either.

I still have a physical library of.... 7,000 or so.
Donated them all to a second hand shop. I move a lot, so glad I don't have to drag boxes of books around with me anymore! 
I keep them. Not in one location, granted - I've been in college for a few years now, but my parent's home is still where the bulk of my 'old' books are.

 Any physical books that I have recently purchased or recieved are ones that I've read, or frequently refer to certain passages of, so they sit on an easy-to-reach shelf. Same with nice-looking books, or expensive ones. 

The kindle is for book series, travel, and bulk novels. A deal has to be really, really good to beat the convenience of having an entire novel series in my pocket, along with 4 other options to choose from. 
I sold some, gave most away to the local thrift store, put some in storage, and gave some to friends.
Keeping them, and buying physical copies from book I read on my kindle. Should not do that but i feel like its so wrong to have just a "digital" edition :S
Even before I got my Kindle, I would sell old books to Half Price Books. I still keep a lot of books for reference, but I get rid of novels since I don't usually reread them.
I do all my reading on my Kindle now, but I still have all the physical books I had before, and might buy some physical copies of books I've read digitally that I really enjoy. It's nice having a physical version of it to page through, or lend out to friends and family.
My iPod and hardcopy libraries are very different. The only reason for the minimal overlap is that some books I had in hardcopy were available for free as part of buying something else I wanted from Baen later on.

Not everything is available as an e-book, so there will always be a need for both forms. Also, hardcopies don't need charging, and can be read in bright sunlight.
I let friends take what they wanted, then threw the rest in the trash.
*The Stranger* is basically a reductio ad, well, absurdum. It takes an absurdist character (i.e. someone who believes that there's no deeper meaning to be found in life) and, with the the help of extremely unfortunate events, makes a statement about how people like Meursault would fair in society. 

Camus once said that *The Stranger* is about how "any man who does not weep at his mother's funeral runs the risk of being sentenced to death." While that was obviously a hyperbole (which he later expanded upon) you can see this sentiment in the story. 

If Meursault's feeling and actions were more in tune with society, he would've condemned Raymond for beating his girlfriend and thus wouldn't have associated with him. This would've prevented him from even getting into the situation with the Arabs. Likewise, if he had shown remorse and guilt regarding the murder, he could've probably convinced the chaplain to put in a good word in court and save him from the death penalty. He could've easily claimed to have been emotionally unstable and generally confused following the death of his mother. But he didn't, because he wasn't. 
Mersault, to me, is not a sociopath. He's a guy who sees things from a different perspective, and society ostracizes him for it. How dare he not show emotion in the prescribed way, even if it isn't in his heart? Surely he loved his mother, but in his own way. 

As somebody who's autistic, I see a lot of myself in Mersault. We have feelings. We have empathy. We just show them in different ways that society's conventions don't often pick up on. Mersault has a sort of disconnect with the "normal" people around him. Though they all come from the same place, he is a stranger among them.
To me, Mersault is living his life in his own way, but the society around him sees him living it in their own perspective which leads to the conflict.  His relationship with his mother I don't believe was loving or caring, so he wouldn't feel that was during her funeral. But no one else knew that, so they just thought he was an ass.  
One comment I got on your question even though there's not much of a real response here is that: the way I was taught the book was that the sun in his eyes was really kind of just a substitute for there being a real reason for him doing it, at least in terms of how he articulates it.  For real, there's obviously, beyond the limits of his character, a whole sort of atmosphere of criminality that he enters, but it seems to me that saying the sun was in his eyes kind of precludes any reason he himself could produce having to do with that.

I read the book in high school, too, in French class.  My teacher was French and her main preoccupation with the book was that she saw a comment on the death penalty.  I think the idea is that these apparently insubstantial reasons, e.g. the sun in his eyes, are what lead to a really material punishment i.e. getting executed.

I don't remember it too well, but the death penalty at the time in France was sort of starting to get significantly questioned, so honestly given the historical perspective I think a reading of the book informed by the gravity of the particular issue at the time might give some useful insight if you're having trouble piecing together a meaning for yourself (in college I got into Reader Theory, so I do think your own interpretation is really important, though, but that doesn't figure so significantly in high school level literature).

So, at the end of the day, it might be a little less useful to Pathologize Mersault as a Sociopath, though it's important to recognize a bit of disconnect with other people, sort of signified in his inability to articulate his motivations as anything reaching anyone else (this is what you're identifying as his neglect of the Truth).  And, further, there's of course the idea that what went into committing the crime was sort of meaningless*, and the punishment was, then, completely disproportionate (even though there is some types of changes he goes through at the end, if I remember correctly), which I'm only saying is how I understand it because I was taught the book as primarily a criticism of the death penalty.

* Take this in a more complicated direction and ask yourself, can anything be truly meaningless?  Particularly if something apparently meaningless ends up getting you killed.  That type of question might help you expand on your "needs to find meaning in everything but neglects the truth" statement.

Edit: one last thing on the death penalty.  I think we also read a brief thing Camus also wrote about another application of the death penalty where he said something along the lines of the crime was kind of insignificant [Edit: actually I'm thinking about it and I think he might have said it was kind of heinous], but the execution suddenly gave it a new meaning it didn't necessarily have before, and actually left the people who had watched the execution feeling sympathetic towards the person who was killed, when a moment before they were all out for blood/justice about what he had done.
The Meurseult Investigation by Kamil Daod is a really interesting critique of The Stranger. Its written by an Algerian writer about the brother of the man Meusault killed, as he tries to come to terms with his loss and understand why Meursault killed him. 
The sun glinting off of the Arab's knife hurts Meursault's eyes. He needs to stop the pain, and he happens to have a gun, so he pulls the trigger. Then he pulls it again and again. 

There is no additional reason to what he does. It doesn't "represent" anything. It isn't a metaphor. In fact, Meursault is pretty detached from everything that happens in his life, except for sensory input. He is *extremely* in tune with sensory input; he is very observant. He is obsessed with things like heat, physical comfort, sexual pleasure, simple laughter, a pretty view. He can find heaven in a single afternoon people-watching on the porch; he can find hell in a blazing hot afternoon at the beach. He is not particularly concerned with yesterday or tomorrow; he cares about right now. 

The difference between Nihilism and Absurdism is chiefly that of attitude. The Nihilist rejects a meaningless world; the Absurdist accepts it. To Camus, life was like rolling a boulder up a hill, only to have it tumble back down again. The only smart thing to do was to accept it and embrace it: choose to live an absurd life. 
I just read this book and finished it about 3 hours ago. I also read it for school, specifically my IB English Literature class. Meursault is ... odd. He is inherently alien, he is the stranger after all. I've heard someone describe the range of human emotion as a scale between 1 and 100, with most people going between 30 and 70 most of the time. On such a scale Meursault would usually hover between 45 and 55, and that's being generous. I feel like the word sociopath is a broad term that we externally apply on people, perhaps too often, but I do think that if Meursault had his trial today, people would definitely use it to describe him. That does not however mean that Camus had that very idea in mind when creating the character. Let's be careful to apply our current culture's archetypes onto characters that come from a different time, as we may lose some intricacies by doing so.
 Meursault's distance from the average person does affect him, I think that this in combination with his fear is what fills him with so much hate by the end of the book. The line "For the first time in years I felt the stupid urge to cry" because "I realized that everyone in the room hated me" really struck me. Unlike the prosecutor would have us think, I don't believe Meursault is a pure monster. I am sympathetic to his character, despite his many "antisocial" qualities there are things that make him likeable (besides of course simply being the main character). Meursault takes joy in many things in life, despite his overall subdued and weak emotions. Unlike Raymond for example, Meursault rarely thinks about hurting people or getting any sort of revenge, which is part of the reason his murder is so perplexing. As a side note he has a few hilarious lines "She told me to call the police, I told her I didn't like cops". A big question I had from early on in the book was if he had always been the way he is, the answer to this comes in two parts. Firstly, he does say that he was full of all sorts of ambitions when he was a student, but he was forced to give them up and found him self happy enough without them. Second, and more importantly he let's us in on something very telling during the trial: "I had never been able to truly feel remorse for anything". This to me is a key part of his character, he simply goes along with life, whatever happens to anyone. His mother's death was a mildly bad day to him. Only the threat of imminent death, the end to the life which it is in his nature to simply float through, and what he perceives to be the hatred of all of mankind, can get truly stir up intense, soul-wrenching emotions in him. We don't know what happens to Meursault for sure, my sympathy for him makes me hope his appeal is granted, as that is at least somewhat plausible, but ultimately this story is not really about his very end, he could die the next day or 30 years from then. The story (at least when focusing solely on his character, and not any statements it may be making about socienty as a whole) is rather about his emotional arc, from being incapable of feeling anything other than content, irritation, and desire to full of desperate hope and misanthropic hate. If he survived, it's hard to say whether this change would be permanent, I think that is more left up to us to think about. As far as the murder itself, that does perplex me more than anything else. Perhaps that was the result of Meursault reaching an emotional height he wasn't used to, he was extremely stressed, all his friends were scared, and he saw the man he may have perceived as causing it all sitting right in front of him. He didn't understand taking such an action, it was so unfamiliar to him, that he externalized the cause, blaming the physical irritation he was experiencing for his actions. That's just the best I understand it.
Why do you like him less as a person? Genuinely curious because your post makes it seem like you'd like him more at the end of it all. 
Yikes, "moments that make you doubt their soul at a fundamental level"? Could you give some examples please, of such moments?
Haven't read it, and don't plan to, but I heard his interview with Terry Gross and I have to say I was impressed with his linguistic abilities. 
You should really check out the recent CBS Sunday Morning piece on him, really interesting.
If only Noah was funny!   Even remotely as funny as Jon Stewart (or Stephen Colbert).   Perhaps the memoir inadvertently explains why he isn't, even if it is the tail wagging the dog.
I remember loving Wells's short stories, so I would like to read this one some time. I googled it, just to check whether it's available online It isn't, as far as I can tell, but I'll be happy to be put right if anyone finds a link.
One of my favorite books, seriously. Love it and have read it multiple times.  

You cannot read this type of book constantly expecting the characters to have modern ways of thinking. It's outrageous to think that people 400+ years ago should be worried about stalking, sexual harassment, or human rights. 

The society is a totally alien one, and we can say it's awful now, but we can't judge those people against today's standards. Women were married off for profit, then they took lovers, and the rich ones gave (their husband's) money to their poorer lovers. A destitute beggar might be pleased to have a roof and a blanket and maybe even a hunk of cheese that would make him grateful enough to be treated like a puppy by his new master. Servants took pride in their ability to serve with distinction and also in their masters - weird maybe, but true. Just look at a show like Downton Abbey - some of those servants really care about their bosses and feel like their master's impressiveness rubs off on them.

Secondly, it's meant to be humorous and fun and exciting - everything is exaggerated and slightly ridiculous and over-the-top. And that way Dumas can be poking fun but still pointing out the issues - like the ongoing war with England, and the struggles between the King and the Cardinal, and it was published in a time of unrest - not long before the French Revolution - so these are issues his readers would respond to.

Last, I think you missed quite a lot of character development, or at least the gradual deepening of each character's personas. Right from the beginning we see D'Artagnan's father telling him to fight duels at the drop of a hat, and we see that he's always a powder keg about to go off. But slowly he's given the chance to think about things and he comes up with wonderfully intelligent plans and stops rushing around like a pinball. He becomes a partner and a friend and a leader. Athos gets his tragic history and nobility, Aramis gets his secret lover and his religious beliefs, Porthos his embarrassing lover and manipulations.

None of them are meant to be perfect - they're all kind of messed up. But they all have redeeming qualities like honor and bravery and a sense of adventure and loyalty to each other. Only D'Artagnan can be expected to change very much - the others are all grown men, established in personality and set in their characters already when we meet them.

tl;dr - sorry I went on a rant. I think you maybe missed out on the humor or it just wasn't your kind of humor, which is totally okay. And you were too distracted by the differences in the society, which is also totally understandable. I'm just bummed you didn't like it.
I'm not going to defend the book, obviously it offended you. But personally I liked the way it humorously portrayed the "gallant" Musketeers as faulty human beings, at a time when testosterone was king and people were just as narrow as- well, as they are now. And like now, they were caught up in ridiculous ideas of proper behavior which at the time were blindly followed.

Another book of historical fiction that also pointed out the vagaries of local culture was _Shogun_ by James Clavell. Maybe it's a sign of how far we have come that you would find these treatments of the past offensive.
It was different than what I recall from movies. I expected a different ending. But I liked the end. 


This is one of those stories that works better as a movie than as a book. All the swordfighting and action scenes seem to be more impactful in a visual format than as words on a page. And I'm saying this as someone who prefers a book to its movie adaptation 99% of the time.
It's been awhile since I've read that book, a least two years now. But I definitely remember enjoying it. I think it was the plot more than the characters that caused me to like it. And I think you're right, a lot of the things that happened seem wrong to us now, but back then would've been normal or even encouraged. I would recommend reading The Count of Monte Cristo also by Dumas if you haven't read it already: great story and the main character is very interesting. 
Try cross posting this to the horrorlit sub, they are great at stuff like this. 
I am surprised thanks
It only sounds snooty, to me, when people say they'd rather read for knowledge and then proceed to say that fiction is a waste of time. That sounds condescending to me. Saying you like to read for professional knowledge and because that's what you enjoy sounds perfectly reasonable. The only thing that honestly bugs me is when people tell me that what I read is a waste of time. 
You could just say that you want to but you don't have time because of your course. I think that's a fairly reasonable excuse.
I think you say basically what you said here. Just be direct and don't over explain yourself. Something like, "I love to read, but I mostly stick with nonfiction." is enough unless you are pushed for explanation. 
Do you watch movies?
Just talk about it like you would fiction. No one goes around saying "I only read fiction". It sounds weird. Instead say you're really into biographies or history or engineering or whatever. 
I used to think this too for a very similar reason based on my field of study. It wasn't until I had a really enlightening literature professor who had us really discuss the themes and ideas in lit. We were reading The Metamorphosis by Franz Kafka and we took an almost philosophical and psychological look at it. It was a great way to learn about the human experience of feeling exiled in your own home, or negative personal changes. 

Firstly you are having a somewhat condescending and arrogant thought which is why you know you come off as such. The arrogance is thinking that there is nothing to be learned from fiction. You just have to learn what can be gained from fiction, and when you know this it will be believed. Then you will be more comfortable in talking about this. It's ok to like or even prefer non-fiction, but try to honestly appreciate fiction as more than just mindless entertainment.

**If you have the time to read non-fiction books for pleasure (and even personal knowledge not related to school work)
 then you have the time to read fiction books.** I think you may have convinced yourself that there is not much to be gained from fiction, but there really is. 

Now on communication, this is another area where fiction will help. It is so much about human experience that reading fiction may improve your interpersonal skills, understanding of others, understanding of life, and even communication skills. You have to be more human and less academic perhaps.

On actually saying it
I think if you say it in a positive, happy, casual, personal, properly toned way that it will not sound condescending. It is possible to learn things from fiction as well, especially about human experience and life, but also history and science as non-fiction books can have facts in them.
"I *really* enjoy reading non-fiction books, it's a big part of my field of study, but I also do it for pleasure and I *really* enjoy learning about different topics"

edit: It's hard to fake being genuine, which is sort of what you are trying to do. That is sort of arrogant and condescending. learn that fiction and non-fiction are different but equal. Thinking one is better is arrogant.

edited-ed: I am not trying to say you are a bad person, and I think it is thoughtful to not want to seem arrogant but it comes from thought. positive thoughts = positive people.
I have a friend who is the same as you. It isn't a problem - it just means we don't talk about novels (me) or political science books (him).
How is that even snooty? Personally I look down on people who read only nonfiction. Jk. But if you've had negative reactions when saying this, then maybe it's the way you're saying it dude. 
I think just saying 'I'm really into nonfiction-thats what I tend to almost always read' is all you need to say. The only way this gets weird is when people then go on to talk about fiction as if it is inferior or as if you cannot learn real things from it. I don't think it's snooty to say you read nonfiction because I don't see nonfiction as superior to fiction. Fwiw I'd say I read 60% fiction 40% nonfiction. 
I think it's that there's a correlation in your field between vocabulary, choices in reading, and arrogance. I'm deffo not saying you, I realize that could come off the wrong way. I've just run into so many people who are soooo pretentious about literature. I guess I'd say my tip is to not say "I only read non-fiction", instead just mention your favorite books and its up to who you're talking to to know they're non-fiction. Nothing wrong with liking what you like! 



My other comment is, I really hope Foundation by Isaac Asimov is on that list of fiction classics of yours :)
First I think you are over estimating how condescending your preference sounds. Anyone you are having a "relevant literature conversation" with will understand. But for your peace of mind, just express that you enjoy learning and are strapped for time, so non fiction suits you. 
Just say that real life is full of really cool, engaging stories too. Maybe you find the fact that they actually happened to be fascinating. There are tons of people and events throughout history that played out like a really good novel. 
Book people are funny. I know plenty of fiction readers that look down on non-fiction as an inferior art form. It requires much less of a reader than fiction. In the new world of rampant anti intellectualism, just mentioning that you read at all seems to be enough to have people consider you pretentious, so i say fuck 'em. Don't be afraid to do you. I prefer stouts and lagers over ales. No harm done. Beer is beer my friend, so sidle up to the bar!
Well I think it all depends on how you're approaching this issue. Like what others have said, there's no need to justify, or rather there is no need to be defensive about your reading preferences. I have a friend who has a really different reading preference than I do. She enjoys reading non-fiction ( to which i do share similar interest in). However, when it comes to fiction she enjoys her classical literature, whereas I'm more of a fantasy buff and I know she has no interest in that whatsoever, and, to an extent, all other genres of fiction that i enjoy reading. Nevertheless I've never seen her as being a "snob" for only reading the classics, nor does she attempt to justify why she doesn't like to read fantasy (or any other genres). Basically, in a nutshell I believe that as long as you tell others how much you enjoy your subject matter, be it fiction or non-fiction, I don't see why you should further justify why you don't read certain types of books. It becomes condescending when you turn your nose and belittle others for reading/enjoying content that you don't but since you've established that I don't see how that is problematic.

I suppose what I can suggest, since sometimes even the most well meaning comments can be misconstrued is that rather than saying "I prefer reading non-fiction" be more specific. Non-fiction is an extremely generalised genre and so many sub-topics could be placed under there. If you specify your area of interest it could give people more context for instance saying "Oh I'm really passionate about ancient civilisations so I enjoy reading books about that". You can't really question someone for having an interest on a particular subject.
Why are you pointing it out?
I'm not really into fiction.

sounds alright to me.
Saying "I'm not into fiction, I prefer to read and learn about new things for enjoyment".  
If you tell people you are much more interested in non-fiction, and they are judging you based on this, its not you who will be the condescending one.
In my experience, the people who make a big deal out of what you read are the pretentious ones. Enjoying nonfiction is something to be proud of. Not everyone has the temperament to get something out of nonfiction. More power to you!

But, in my opinion, a book can only be properly vetted after you've given it a try. I've been surprised by books I expected to hate!
I don't think there is a way. People who think that there is little worth in Fiction are arrogant and fools who are limited in their world view to the point of stupidity. 

There are many kinds of facts and many kinds of truths. Not all of these can be found in a factual book about your given subject. 
I wouldn't worry about it. Considering the points of contention in many fields of study (history, architecture, economics, etc.) you might as well be reading fiction anyway. That is, unless you enjoy reading pure mathematical proofs..
Don't say, "I only read non-fiction, but I'd be happy to pass your fiction recommendation on to my butler."
Why specify what category you read at all?  If you do specify that you read but only non-fiction it is going to come off snooty, because it kind of is.  If someone asks you what you are reading tell them.  If they ask you whether you have read x, y, or z then tell them whether you have or not.  

I will tell you that once you are actually working in your field you will start running out of non fiction books you find interesting.  I blew through pretty much all the important books in my field in about 3 years.  More come out, but it didn't take long to realize that they had little to no new information in them. 

And then you will realize you need diversions from your field.  I don't care how much you love your field, do it for 20 years day in day out and you are going to get bored with it.


There's no need to explain yourself. If someone notices this and asks you why you avoid fiction, you can just shrug and say something like, "Haha, yeah, reading for work takes up a lot of time."
I live in the real world, I read books to go to other worlds. 
I'm pretty much the exact same way; I really like learning something or getting a more indepth understanding of certain topics by reading and felt that was the best use of my reading time. I actually hadn't really picked up a fiction book in a few years even though when I was a child and as a teenager I read fiction all the time. As an adult, at some point I was getting burnt out by university/constantly absorbing technical information, and gave science fiction a go. I ended up really liking it, and this year I've been pretty split with non-fiction/science fiction reading (with a few other genres of fiction here and there, after similar vetting practices).

Anyway, as long as you're not ACTUALLY condescending about it, it shouldn't really be that condescending. Just forego the explanation about it being an optimal use of your time ("I really like non-fiction." or whatever should be sufficient).

EDIT: a word
Be self deprecating: "I have a bad habit of only reading non-fiction. Somehow I just can't leave the library without a new non-fiction to read". 

Whether or not that's true is immaterial. But it's what I say even though my problem is the opposite where I'm always in the fiction area. 
I tell people that I need to avoid fiction because I get sucked into the story and it becomes difficult to get back to my own life again. Funny thing: the fiction readers get it, and understand the concept of getting sucked in. They will nod in agreement and then go off on the last time that happened to them...and you're off the hook.
I don't understand why you think it sounds snooty, rude, or condescending? To me it just sounds ignorant, as if you did not even appreciate the spiritual value of fiction.

Considering what you have written, you could just say "I wish I had more time to read fiction, as all my time is taken reading for my profession".
As a graduate student in the humanities/social sciences, your situation sounds a lot like mine. If the conversation ever ventures to this topic,  I just say (mostly truthfully) that I've been ruined for reading fiction and I no longer have the sensibility necessary to appreciate it. I was once a fiction reader, but now I find myself no longer seeing the value in it - which is not to say that there is no value, but that I don't appreciate it as I should, and that's totally my fault.

This is kind of a negative direction to turn a conversation - so be aware of that, and that as u/cyn1cal_assh0le says, it's probably better to focus on why you want to read what you do read. 
You can refer to the movies for this one. Just liken it to preferring documentaries above all else.
It's associated with building language skills, which can be good for communication and brainstorming ideas. Supposedly it builds empathy since t gives you a chance to see into others' minds and hearts. And depending on how critically you read, it might sharpen your wits too.

Twelve hours a day sounds like a lot though. There are other ways to build emotional and linguistic intelligence, and there are other forms of intelligence (logic, creativity, etc.) for which reading alone won't do much.
It's creatively demanding. You have to imagine up a mindscape as you read; This involves your brain a lot more than, say, watching TV where the environment you're observing has already been made for you.
AFAIK studies show early reading is strongly associated with increased adult intelligence. 

My experience (anecdotal, yes) is that people who read are smarter. Or vice-versa. 

I know you all know what I'm talking about, quit the false humility.
> I'm reading classic novels about murder and affairs that are no different than the soap operas my mom watches.

Depends on what you view as a "classic novel", but the best of classic fiction should be *very* different--far better--from today's soap operas. Why? Good writing should easily surpass soap operas in terms of psychological realism and insight, subtlety, thematic composition, literary devices (metaphor, particularly), transmission of content along with the basic story, linguistic richness and beauty, and other features. 

> I'm no more "well rounded" as I would be if I just watched 3 good movies or played through the story of 3 good video games.

If all three forms are equally "rounding", then you're right. But historically, movies and games have not had the tradition of being as mentally enriching as books described as "literature". 

>  I worry that I miss some major pieces of these stories if I don't consider myself wiser than I was before, because that seems to be the effect it has on others.

It's like working out--you don't get bigger/stronger perceptibly after each workout. It's cumulative. By reading good writers, you are gradually exposing yourself to many cultural patterns, and causing your brain to "run" those patterns, which changes it. This has the effect of doing things like: not taking the world at face value, realizing things are often more complex than a naive person might think, and generally not resorting to simplistic black and white thinking.

> The MOST I could see is that reading gives you a wider vocabulary, but I don't often find myself using any bigger words than people around me. 

See above for my refutation of the "MOST". Re: vocabulary, you *shouldn't* often find yourself using bigger words than those around you, for three reasons: 1) many such words are like condiments--you add a little at the right time (but you still want to have that dijon mustard for those moments) and 2) it's good to match those around you, or at least use your vocabulary judiciously, unless you want to alienate them 3) it's generally more natural to use such vocabulary words in *writing* more often than *speaking* (unless you are a professional speaker or noted wit/raconteur). 

> Even with nonfiction or historical fiction, the things you learn are incredibly nuanced about one specific topic and never come up in actual conversation or even on Jeopardy. 

That's certainly not always true. In almost all cases, reading a book on a topic will give the basic information about that topic *in addition to* the more nuanced or miniscule details. In fact, it will likely repeatedly present the basic information to the reader (by necessity), thereby cementing that basic information in the reader's memory. Almost any history book on World War II will continually reference at least *some of* Roosevelt, Churchill, Hitler, Stalin, events of the late 1930s and early 1940s, the situation in Germany and France, the Manhattan Project, Einstein, Tojo, Hirohito, Mussolini, et al. and etc., as it advances the book. Along the way, all that is becoming more and more familiar to you. Cut to 12 years later at a cocktail party, and someone brings up the war. Now you're not as lost as many college students. It feels "obvious" to you that WWII took place in the 1940s and involved Europe, U.S., and Japan, etc. Keep in mind, many college students have no idea of any of that (sadly). 

These things also don't come up in conversations if you only have really limited conversations. But that is not the only kind you can have. But you have to have them with other people who are equally "well read".

Finally, keep in mind, intelligence is not just knowledge or being well-rounded. In fact, that's maybe the least of it. It's problem solving, pattern recognition and analysis, emotional processing, aesthetic processing, proportion detection, short and medium-term memory, creativity/generativity, verbal command, integration of complexity, etc. Good writing can accelerate all that. It's not the *only* stimuli that can do it, though. I'd argue that other people, nature, math, working with objects, and intelligent music, dance, visual arts, martial arts, film, and other media can do it, too. But reading is a particularly amenable form to nitro-boosting one's mind.
Books are active entertainment, TV is passive.

You have to actively put in effort to get enjoyment out of books where you don't have to do anything to get enjoyment out of TV or movies.  Yes, the better movies and better shows put in enough that you can make it active, but they are generally harder to find than a book that does the same.
It's probably a historical throwback that still plays into modern perception. Back when literacy rates were lower, being able to read was somewhat a status symbol and a sign of a high education. 
I don't know. I know that I read because I am dumb.
To me it is a very active hobby. And I know that seems weird. While on the surface, playing video games or watching TV seems to have the same effect of story telling as reading, there is a huge difference. When you sit down and watch a movie or show it happens to you. You passively experience it. I know it seems that playing video games is not passive but I'll touch on that later.

But with reading nothing is happening to you. All the stimulation comes from yourself. We have to actively choose to engage our brains in a way that we don't see with other media, like video games. Yes we get to make choices with video games, but the experience is powered by external stimulation. We have to power our own experience when we read, and I think that itself attracts certain types of brains. 

On top of that, these days we need to choose lack of external stimulation over stimulation in order to be drawn to reading. In the same way that most people know that a few minutes if meditation is good for the brain, but avoid doing it in favour of being stimulated, stimulation is addictive and most people give in to that. It is easy to sit back and watch TV, but you have to want to read in order to read. 

Even for me, I struggle to fight the urge to put on a movie regardless of the fact that I know I will enjoy reading more. I think the ability to make the choice to engage our brain comes along with the desire for mental exploration that comes with intelligence. Learning something can be driven by classes or tutorials, but actual learning takes place inside our own brains. Intelligent people seem to consistently choose learning, and I would say in a broad sense, that drive for learning and internal stimulation is intelligence.

That being said I know lots of people who are smart and have PhDs and who don't read (they seem oddly proud of it too) but I don't know many people I percieve as dumb who read. I do know lots of less intelligent people who listen to audio books, and I think that is a similar argument but I don't need to get into that.




Literacy changes the way you think. Writing things down forces a clarity and organization of thought that the ephemeral spoken word does not. When you read a lot, you're exposing yourself to this way of thinking on a regular basis, and it changes the way you organize and format your own thoughts.

The human brain can hold about 7 items in its short term memory at once. For some people it's a few more, for others it's a few less. When you use written symbolic representations of thought, that number explodes. And you can later use those symbolic representations to aid your short term memory. For example, without the ability to count, the difference between 20 and 30 of something is hard to reason about. But once you understand numbers and have concepts of those symbolic representations memorized, you can reason about that with no difficulty. Now extrapolate that to more deep concepts. At high reading levels, a single word can convey as much meaning and nuance as several paragraphs of less good writing. If you're reading classic novels, you're getting insight into the human condition that your mom is absolutely not getting from her soap operas.
because smart people like books. books make you smart the same way sweat pants make you fat. reading doesn't make you smarter.
Reading involves patience, concentration, complete focus, a strong vocabulary, strong comprehension for complex narratives, the ability to identify themes and symbolism, the ability to identify with the time period in which the book was written and a whole lot of other things.

TL;DR -  reading is strongly related to intelligence, work ethic and other redeeming traits and OP is not as smart as his/her parents say.
This is precisely the stereotype that intimidates new readers, in my experience anyway. I've tried to encourage my siblings and friends to read, even suggested books that I'm sure would interest them but no, they all think you need Buddhist monk like concentration and a high IQ to get through books, couldn't be further from the truth.
As far as intelligence goes, I'm not much better off than someone who watches TV or plays video games as entertainment. Maybe my vocabulary is broader and I might be able to put my thoughts on paper more easily, but other than that there is not much difference. However, reading goes far beyond mere intelligence. When you read, you are putting yourself into different situations, ones you may never experience otherwise. When you read, you find yourself thinking of the world and the people in it in ways you've never thought of before. TV can give you some of the same outcomes but you are not able to connect as emotionally as you would a book; a book takes longer to read, has more detail and insight into a character, etc. All in all, nearly all forms of entertainment have their benefits and we should never assume that someone who doesn't read is dumb, or someone who constantly reads is a genius. We all take away something different and become better people in different ways. 
The whole 'readers are smarter than the rest of us' idea really isn't true. I think there are masses of really smart people out there who, for whatever reasons, aren't spending any of their free time reading. 

When people throw that 'you must be really smart' thing in my face, it always strikes me as a rather juvenile accusation, a criticism, from people who are somehow intimidated by the idea of formal education. 

I've always believed you should strive beyond whatever you believe your academic potential might be, just in case the bullies in school were totally wrong and you amaze yourself, but a lot of people don't share that thought.   
I definitely think reading improves my vocabulary, especially if it's in conjunction with working on my vocabulary outside of reading (I still go OOOH! VOCAB WORD! when I read one of my middle-school vocab words). My sister was a voracious reader as a kid (and still is), and she would routinely mispronounce words that she'd read in a book and picked up enough context to know what they meant, but she wouldn't know how to say them correctly because she'd never heard anyone say them out loud.

Although I lack evidence, I suspect that reading has helped my grammar too. I wouldn't pretend it works this way for everybody, but there are times when I can read a sentence and know that it's wrong and how to fix/improve it, but I can't explain exactly what's wrong with it. Most of that I attribute to reading; I've read "correct" sentences enough times that I can pick up on "incorrect" sentences. 

I also disagree that you can't become more well-rounded or learn something from a work of fiction. I read essentially zero non-fiction as a child, but a bunch of books I read were based on or mentioned actual historical events, and I was able to pick up a lot of relevant/useful information. My favorite YA series is fantasy and taught me nothing about actual events, but I could relate to, learn from, and was inspired by the main character. Books I've read have put plenty of new thoughts into my head and shaped the way I perceive current policies and how they might impact our future. As far as adult books -- right now I'm reading Cryptonomicon. Besides teaching me persistence (sorry to anyone who likes this book ... it's only been intermittently entertaining to me so far), there are bits in there about algorithms, how data is randomized, and what people can learn from both imperfectly randomized data and perfectly randomized data. No, I'm not going to become a hacker tomorrow, and yes, it's a random thing to know just a tiny/outdated bit of information about, but I definitely think my horizons are just a smidgen wider today than they were two weeks ago, thanks to reading this one book.

Now, if you want to argue that you can become just as well-rounded and learn just as much from watching things as reading ... I don't disagree with that. You can learn plenty of history and fear plenty of dystopian futures and find plenty of characters to emulate and absorb plenty of random factoids from shows. I guess it's just a matter of DO people learn/fear/emulate/absorb when they watch shows, or are most people like me, and they just want to zone out and watch someone else's drama unfold for a while so they can forget their own? Not that you can't read books for their zone-out value too, though.
In terms of entertainment books are no different than movies, tv series, games or podcasts. Hell, I would argue that other medium prove to be more entertaining for most people. 

But when it comes to gaining new information nothing comes close to  the bandwidth of information that you can get via reading. Lectures, talking to people, listening are far slower at transferring new info to your head. 

Reading doesn't inherently makes you smarter, it's the ease with which new info can be gained that makes you smater.



As you said its an association. Associations are rooted in both fact and absurdity in equal measure. But those who read more have other qualities and habits also associated with intelligence. 
Reading broadens your horizon and you can learn a lot. (Always depending on what kind of books you read of course). 
I always like to view reading as some sort of mental gymnastics. Reading requires higher order thinking (to process/grasp the abstract concept/experience being delivered in the text) and the ability to picture what's being described. As a reader, one needs to interpret everything present in the original materials by themselves from scratch. On the other hand, all the interpretations of the original materials/concepts have already been done when we're watching a film or a TV show. To me, it's the extra process of interpreting readers go through that makes reading a special and rewarding activity.
Consider the fact that 25% of adult americans cant read a newspaper headline
Reading requires intelligence. You have to be learned, and have a certain vocabulary. A movie, for example, you can show to anyone, whether or not they can read. But a book not so much. You have to be educated.
I believe that a part of it is that intelligent people can look at a work and immediately know what it is, whereas those that are not readers need to sound it out. 
He has a way of telling the emotional truth that will make the sequence of reading irrelevant. It might be more "logical" to read them sequentially, but he is a highly skilled narrator, and he will take you to the heart of the story before you know it. 
I haven't read Home but I am kind of familiar with Bolitar and Cohen.  
Most of the time he repeats the essential stuff (his friend is rich, his secretary is an ex...).  
It should be completely fine, I myself picked up a few Bolitar books without a specific order or anything.
only thing ill say about this book is you'll need two bookmarks
I enjoyed Infinite Jest, although I'll be the first to admit that a LARGE amount of it went over my head and I had to google quite a lot. Be sure to read the definitive jest wiki alongside it, and perhaps you might also find it useful to look at infinitesummer also :)
Just read the book every day and don't stop.
Read every page and every footnote a few years back, and it took over my life for about a month.  An excellent read.  Wallace was the master at humor wrapped in an overall sadness.  The world is much poorer without his presence.  It's a very dense read, but hang in there.
I read it with reddit on r/InfiniteSummer June to September this year. I kept a (very detailed) [reading journal](https://wecanreaditforyouwholesale.com/1990-2000/infinite-jest-david-foster-wallace/) that might be of interest. It's in 13 sections, matching the 13-week reddit project.
Nope. Nobody else. Especially not the entire subreddits devoted to the book or the hundreds of people commenting on threads about him that you'd have seen if you searched. 
Homeless children should not be a thing.
[x-posted](https://www.reddit.com/r/UpliftingNews/comments/5f16rr/a_bronx_librarian_has_been_bringing_a_suitcase/) r/UpliftingNews
Not 100% sure, but I think people assumed she was a terrible mother because of what her kid did. I think its the same reason that A Mothers Reckoning (the book by Susan Kelbold) was popular. People want to know what causes these shootings. Some is morbid fascination but for others its actual concern. Maybe their own child or child's classmate is going down a questionable path. People want to know when it is simply a trench coat, black nail polish,  and a love for "violent" video games versus an actual murderer. Some people feel comfortable in blaming the parent even though that isnt always the case. I think also people blame the parent sometimes because they think that the parent should have known their child was a loose cannon and got them checked in to a psych ward.
1. Parents are considered responsible for their kids. 

2. The angry mob needs someone to blame after the killer is dead/incarcerated. 

3. People need to know what causes these incidents and parents are a really easy target right after guns and religion. 


She continued to live in the same small town where the family had lived before Kevin's fateful night. That meant she was constantly bumping into people whose own children had been murdered by her son.

After any kind of tragedy, a natural human instinct is to find someone to blame. In the case of a teenaged killer, a not-uncommon phrase heard is "I blame the parents". So it's not completely surprising that someone grieving for the loss of their own child in such awful circumstances would harbour anger and resentment against the mother of the killer -- especially as her own son is still alive, albeit locked up.
I've only seen the movie, but I thought it was because she hadn't, like, publicly denounced him if that makes sense? She goes to visit him and seems to still care about him despite what he did. 

So I figured it was one part "you raised a monster and visit him in prison" and one part "why are you still here as a constant reminder of our pain?"
The book is all about nature vs nurture and the mother's narrative. In the beginning of the book she has been home alone with baby Kevin and he won't stop crying. She actually says 'he's doing it on purpose' and the husband looks at her like she lost her mind. So from the start the mother / son are opposing forces and the whole book is examing their inherent persons versus life influence. It is hard to like a mother who could be so cold to her own infant, even though she loves him. The film does a good job portraying a mother we struggle to understand and thus dislike.
Im sure there are plenty of similar stories in the us from the past 20 years, specially when the kid kills himself after the shooting, the mob needs someone to blame, the families of those lost need someone to direct their anger towards and a dead kid sometimes isn't enough. Parents could be seen as negligent because they failed to see this coming, and failed to stop it. 
In the movie and the book she spends nearly all of her money on defense attorneys to try and get him the most lenient sentence possible. The prosecution tries to paint her as a negligent mother, but she sticks around and fights for him as much as she can to combat this. She feels nothing for him except a deep sense of loathing and abjection, but for the public she must always be the picture of the perfect mother: defending her son to her dying breath.

The other mothers who lost their children and the rest of the community see her fighting for this monster, watch her staying in town going about her life while their kids can no longer live theirs...a huge surge of resentment and hatred would naturally occur. Why should her son get to live while their kids do not? Why does she get to proudly strut around town, showing her face at the store like nothing happened while their world came crashing down? It's not fair! 

They lash out in the only way they know how, sneak attacks on her home with paint, crushing her eggs in the store, actual 5 second confrontations to merely slap her and run away. They can't articulate the surge of feelings or accept that she too is a victim. Her proud demeanor to protect herself only serves to justify more attacks, obviously she doesn't care about the murdered youth, so she must pay.

Hope that helps!
The book is from her perspective, and it gives a fair bit of insight into why people were so quick to blame her. The town hates her because they can see the resemblence between her and Kevin.

She thinks and acts a *lot* like a high-functioning psychopath. She's fully aware that she is supposed to care deeply about her family and be okay with sacrificing some freedom to raise her kids. And she does in fact do what you're supposed to do in a functional society, but it's clear that she gets absolutely no pleasure from helping other people.

She's a pitiable figure in that sense. Most people at least get a warm-and-fuzzy altruistic high when they do the right thing. She's miserable not just despite but *because* she tries to act correctly when there's no reward. And ultimately, it does her no good. People still get the sense that something's wrong with her because she apes emotions that she can't feel, and that shows through sooner or later. She passes her psychopathy down to her son. She can't scare him with fears of ostracization or punishment because, unlike her, he doesn't care about those consequences. And she can't teach him that decency is in his own self-interests because he can clearly see that it isn't.

Seriously, it's a damn good book and you should absolutely read it.
I haven't seen the movie, and it's been a while since I read the book. However, if I'm remembering correctly, she's incredibly non-emotive after Kevin's rampage. She spends money on lawyers, but she doesn't express remorse for what her son has done. I think a newspaper columnist calls her out on her lack of emotions and says something like, "she's acting like her son dipped a girl's pigtail in an inkwell, not like he killed his classmates" (something like that). 

I think the other parents blame her for what Kevin has done, and find her lack of emotional response to it offensive. I think they're lashing out because they don't think she's remorseful. 

There's also a scene where the mother of a girl that Kevin is bullying confronts her, and she basically tells the other woman to suck it up. The girl has a history of eating disorders and Kevin's been making jabs about her weight. The girl's mom confronts Kevin's mom, and Kevin's mom just brushes her off -- she doesn't deny Kevin's behavior, she doesn't apologize for it, she just says "suck it up." 
She has no "evil intent" here, but she definitely has failings.  She is not a good person.

She was not equipped to cope with him and was abusive, which seems essential to creating the broken kid here.
The book is from her perspective. She's irritating to read because shecomes off as narcissistic and verbose. She's also creepy.  Anyone else get these feelings from her?
Bc she was blamed for her sons behavior. 
I think a lot of people commenting didn't read the book. She is an unreliable narrator. If you believe her, from his very conception, she didn't like Kevin. In reaction to his behavioural problems as a young child she breaks his arm.

In one incident her son says he was molested and she assumes he is lying. After his little sisters accident, Ava is sure Kevin is responsible despite the evidence pointing to him actually saving her.

Her ambivalence to Kevin is made worse because she dotes all over her other child.

In interviews Kevin makes fun of his Dad but absolutely refuses to say anything negative about his mother. She was also the only person in the family he didn't kill. Shriver can easily write characters that are absolutely loathsome.
Because mothers are suppose to notice their children are mentally ill and get them help. Or fathers.
It's been about 9 months since I saw the film, but the mother went almost completely bankrupt defending her son in court.  She lives in an old house, drives an old car, and works as an employee at a travel agency instead of as the boss.  The end really suggests that Kevin will eventually get out, since his mother is prepping his room for him.  So he kills and maims a lot of people in the town, but doesn't get life because of his mother.  But what's a mom to do, right?

I've been reading a lot of John Douglas lately.  Kevin's behavior as a child does reflect a lot of what Douglas says about serial killers when they're younger (bathroom issues, escalating violence towards toys and animals), although his actual crime is technically a mass-murder, which ties more closely with a lack of a support structure with serious life issues.
She isn't a nice person.  She's selfish and conceited.  I loathed her.  She was a victim but she also buried herself in the role and refused to acknowledge (properly) that she was responsible.

She also reveals she feels the one thing a parent shouldn't ever feel: say they regret having a child.
People sometimes assume that others have the same secret urges and traits that they have (when they might not).  Fundamentalist preachers, for example, who rail against promiscuity and then get caught in an affair.  Could it be that that some of these people realize, deep down, that they are deficient parents, and assume that Kevin's mother is the same, deep down?  That's it is her fault?  
It's been a while since I saw the movie, but I remember she tried to have a nice relationship with her son. She was never the perfect mother, but she at least tried. Kevin showed signs of psichopaty and other disturbs since early age and she reacted the way most parents would: denial. After all, which mother would accept easily that the child she gave birth to might be a monster? I mean, if it was me in her place, I would have intervened way before that whole mess had the chance to happen (in the moment he killed his sister's pet, to be exactly). But this is me. Most parents wouldn't. Kevin's father blindness was even worse, coming to the point of giving his son a bow. 
i couldn't make it through this movie.   the first half was too slow for me.
The movie was ok. Loved the book! If you look at real life school shootings, it's pretty much the same. The parents are hated and blamed for the actions of their children. Read A Mother's Reckoning. It's by the mother of one of the Columbine shooters. It's pretty good. 
I think there was a sense of 'she raised him to be this horrible monster so she's a bad mother and it's all her fault our children are dead' 

No one really remembers she's a victim too and will continously be victimised all her life.  It's sad.
I read only the book and don't even remember that. Perhaps they overdid it in the film.
That is pretty accurate. We sadly had a massacre inside a school here in Brazil, back in 2011. I live close to the house belonging to the shooter's sister (or some kind of relative, can't really tell)and I remember people tossing stones into her house. 
Most human beings sadly need someone to blame.
If I recall correctly, at the civil trial where they sued her for all her money, she didn't seem to care much. She'd known all along that Kevin would do something horrible, and whether it was a self fulfilling prophecy or not, she no longer had the patience for any of it.
I only saw the movie, so can't comment on the book. I think it's human nature that you focus mainly on your own pain.  It takes a lot of empathy to be able to put yourself in the place of the family that has hurt you so much.  I thought the scene with the mom forcing herself to eat the eggs which were full of broken eggshells was the most gripping part of the movie.  She felt that she deserved the scorn of everyone around her and made herself take the punishment since there was no other penance she could do.
Because she was fucking pathetic
I distinctly remember her saying in the book that the other parents blamed her, and then when she went to court and spent all her money all while looking pretty stoic she was villified by the media
Because she spawned him
It sure got attention when it hit the bookstores in 1961.  You can't really critique it without focusing on what was going on in the late 50's, early 60's.  And that is where many of the major themes are rooted:

1960. The "Pill" is approved for contraceptive use.

1962. It’s been an instant hit. After two years, 1.2 million American women are on the pill; after three years, the number almost doubles, to 2.3 million.  Overseas, it is just as popular.

1964. But the pill is still controversial: It remains illegal in eight states.  Many Catholic countries have taken steps to limit its' use, or ban it outright.

It seems that guilt free sex has its' detractors.

Religion:

The 1960s were a time of explosive religious change. In the Christian churches, it was a time of innovation from the ‘new theology’ and ‘new morality’ of Bishop Robinson, to the evangelicalism of the Charismatic Movement, and of charismatic leaders, such as Pope John XXIII and Martin Luther King. But it was also a time of rapid social and cultural change when Christianity faced challenges from Eastern religions, from Marxism and feminism, and above all from new ‘affluent’ lifestyles.  (abstract about the book The Religious Crisis of the 1960s
by Hugh McLeod)

Now you throw into this turbulent time a man who has no knowledge of Western society, and the upheavals it is going through.  His guide?  A crusty, gruff, cynic named Jubal E. Harshaw, LL.B., M.D., Sc.D. He is described by Heinlein as a "bon vivant, gourmet, sybarite, popular author extraordinary, neo-pessimist philosopher, devout agnostic, professional clown, amateur subversive, and parasite by choice".

It is my opinion that this was Heinlein himself, using a pseudonym.

To me, the book is R.A.H's take on the world around him, and what he sees wrong with it.  He had some points, IMHO. 




http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/350.Stranger_in_a_Strange_Land

Kurt Vonnegut review in 1990:

http://www.nytimes.com/books/97/09/28/lifetimes/vonnegut-stranger_heinlein.html
I'm a huge science fiction fan, and consider myself pretty open-minded when it comes to literature, but... I think this book is very much overrated. I tried very hard to get into it, but I have no clue how it garnered the acclaim that it did. I even read the uncut version!

There was a thread discussing this elsewhere on Reddit where it was described as "some old geezer's sexual fantasy" and I think that description is rather apt. No offense meant to anyone who loves this book, but it's not for me


TIL: 
1). There is an expanded original edition of SIASL, which is the author's preferred edition
2). I have probably read the abridged version
The unabridge version is not really worth reading. It's some 80 000 words longer, but they're largely removing extraneous details and wordy phrasings. There's a few racier bits eft in, but really you're not missing much. The most memorable Jubal Harshaw quote from my reading it, "Love is that condition in which the happiness of another becomes essential to one's own," is also strangely absent. The original published version is more polished, I found. 

I think there seems to be a general recognition that this one - and much of Heinlein - hasn't aged all that well. I liked him a lot more when I was a teenager, and though I tried rereading this one recently, I found the sexual content a little self indulgent and the female characters fairly two-dimensional - hell, most of the character other than Heinlein's author-surrogate figures (Harshaw, Lazarus Long, etc) are flat most of the time. It's interesting to me now as an artefact of the era - as u/ArizonaLad pointed out - but not really as a work of literature. 
This is one of my favorite books and I didn't know there were different versions! It's been several years since I read it (loaned it to a friend and I just know I'm never getting it back) so you'll have to remind me about the Caryatid sculpture... ?
I first read this book in middle school and enjoyed it, though of course I missed a lot of stuff until I reread it a few years later.  

Let me think about the caryatid a bit.
I look at Heinlein as an author who wrote popular work for young men/old boys to writing about having sex with women.  

At first, the stories were about establishing man's place in society through hard work and then became about sexual wish fulfillment of a domineering persona who can gratify his desires at a whim.   

Stranger in a Strange Land is the crux of both of those and as a teenager who was being told to read Ayn Rand's The Fountainhead, Ralph Ellison's The Invisible Man and Heinlein... this won out easily.  
I read the uncut version a few years ago. I don't know what the edited version is like, but the original is divided into 5 parts. I loved the first two and hated the rest, it was incredibly disappointing because I expected to love the whole book. I wonder if the edited version has less sexism and homophobia than the original.
I hope you get an answer here, but if you don't, you might consider emailing the publisher with your question.

Another idea: If there's a book store near you with a good selection, they might have a copy of the newer edition that you could look at for yourself. 
If there's no info, that probably means it's not illustrated. If it *were* illustrated, they would be using that as a selling point.
Hi, I work for Oneworld, so I'm definitely qualified to answer your question.  The new 2016 HB edition does NOT have illustrations. 
Got it looks great
Just a general comment. I have never seen an adaptation of *The Hound of the Baskervilles* that was 100 % true to the book. They all insert things or change how things happen. Urgh!
***Nocturnal Animals*** is the just-released movie based on Austin Wright's 1993 novel *Tony and Susan*. The main plot element of the novel is retained, in a slightly altered form: in *Tony and Susan*, Susan reads the manuscript of a thriller sent to her by her ex-husband, which becomes a novel-within-a-novel, whereas in *Nocturnal Animals* it becomes a movie-within-a-movie. But the ambiguities in Austin's novel have all been removed. The novel's use of standard thriller tropes serves to undermine the reader's easy certainties, but in the movie the tropes are just that, tropes. After the horror near the beginning, nothing very unexpected happens. It's quite an exciting ride, as these middle-class characters (especially Susan) are forced to learn something about themselves. But it doesn't ask the viewer any difficult questions at all.
I will always maintain that the Virals series by Kathy and Brendan Reichs would have made a fantastic TV series. Action/adventure + sci-fi + a beautiful, lush Charleston setting + pirate history + debutante drama? Come on. The show writes itself! 

There are lots of big book-to-movie fails out there (Eragon, Inkheart, The Mortal Instruments) but I think the worst for me will always be Percy Jackson. PJ wasn't *as* big as HP but idk, it got closer than other series. It was HUGE around the world. They could have made *so* much money had they just: cast some fresh YOUNG unknowns, made the movies quickly, and stuck fairly close to the books. Basically...if they'd made them the way the HP movies were made. How does Hollywood look at a goldmine like the PJO series and go, "Yep, let's cast twentysomethings and change the whole plot so we get zero dollars or praise for this!"??? 

Gone Girl was a fantastic adaptation. I was really scared it wouldn't be done correctly but it was beautiful. 

And after seeing the trailer for the Big Little Lies series, I am apprehensive. It doesn't seem to fit the feel of the book, which is really disappointing because it's one of my favorite books ever.
How long do you typically wait after reading a book to watch an adaptation of it? Watching it immediately after kind of ruins the fun for me, since it's much easier to pick it apart even without intending to and realize all the changes that were made. For instance, I read A Scanner Darkly earlier in the year, and watched the movie the night I finished the book. Really wish I hadn't done that. It's a great movie in its own right, but there were some changes to the timeline that were hard to justify narratively or thematically, and they just eliminated a character and put his traits into an already existing character, which seemed kind of like a waste of what the original character was meant to represent. Or at least what I interpreted him as representing.

On the other hand, last year I read "Wiseguy" and watched "Goodfellas" the night I finished it. Couldn't have enjoyed it more. It was fucking spot on. Some minor adjustments to the timeline, but they all made sense for the medium. Those changes were for pacing, and they worked. The changes in A Scanner Darkly made no sense -- they still told the same events, just in a different order that kind of negated some of the weight of the story. I don't remember specifics, it's been a bit, but I do remember it bugging the hell out of me.
Putting this one in a different comment since it's more current, at least to my life.

I finished reading 11/22/63 a few weeks ago and started watching the show shortly after. I'm near the end of the show now, taking it kind of slow. I really enjoy it, but some of the changes just irk the hell out of me.

Like, in the book, the character will say in narration "but I won't do X, because it would interfere with Y and Z." Then in the show, the character does X, completely disregards Y and Z, and it still works out basically the same way. The butterfly effect is a pretty major part of the novel, and while mentioned in the show, doesn't seem to have any real weight or affect what the main character does.

[He does, at one point, say to his partner (whose name I forget, and who he tells the *entire* situation to super early on, completely negating the emotional impact of him telling his lady friend later in the book... I mean, the whole time, you're like "when's he gonna share it with someone?" and he finally does with a woman he trusts and it's amazing, then in the show it's just "this guy threatened me, better tell him the whole thing then make him my partner so the writers don't have to come up with a better way for me to express myself").... anyway, he says to that guy "you can't talk to her, it could mess with stuff" or whatever, but it's after he's already done so many things that could mess with stuff. It doesn't make sense. It's a good show, I love it, but I hate it so much.](/spoiler)
I just finished reading the first *Mistborn* novel the other day. I have yet to buy the other two, but jesus that series needs to be adapted to the big screen. I was practically writing the screenplay as I was reading, it basically writes itself! 

And on the topic of Sanderson (well...) why have we yet to hear any word about that *Wheel of Time* show that some studio allegedly was working on?
Is there anyone here who can see an adaptation happen of The Powder Mage in either movies or TV-series? The books are written so well that I can definitely see a future film of it. And I am already really excited. 
British TV adaptations seem to be the best IMO. I absolutely loved the recent Jonathan Strange and Mr Norrell, all of the Discworld adaptations (but particularly Hogfather and Going Postal), the neverwhere adaptation with Peter Capaldi.

For the worst, I have to say the Sword of Truth show. I loved the early books, I liked the show at the beginning (and it was still better than a lot of what was on broadcast tv at the time), but it went way off the rails very fast. It unfortunately fell in that time just before original streaming content had become a viable medium (it was happening, but pretty experimentally), I think it would have done splendidly if it had been developed a little more hard R-rated as a streaming only just a few years later.
[removed]
Used books are the way to go, my friend.
Thrift shops (including Goodwill, Habitat ReStore, Salvation Army etc) often have a bunch of formerly-popular books at really low prices! Also check to see if your library sells used books in a corner somewhere, or holds a big annual book sale event -- many of them do
There's a site called thriftbooks.com

Great site. Get a lot of my books from there. 
Used books on Amazon, at least if you don't need a perfect copy...they usually run $0.01 + $3.99 for shipping (in the US at least).
Awesomebooks.com - 1 Euro and up.....
Check out all the thrift shops in your area.  Also, garage sales when they're around.

You'll soon have more than you can read!
In the past, I've suggested to my friends who are into books that they should look for second-hand copies of titles from the black-border (modern) Penguin Classics series. Not only can you find them for dirt-cheap most of the time (most stores I go to have them around $1-2 each), but they represent a large portion of historical and modern classics ranging from fiction to history to current events.

They also look very attractive on your bookshelf.
I agree with the Amazon route. It's also semi-easy to find specific editions on there, though Abebooks is a little more focused in that arena. I also visit Half Price Books often. Sometimes I'll find something good at a Goodwill, but I live in a rural area so it's most old Harlequin romances and kids/YA books someone has donated to clear space.
My library sells great books from 25 cents to a dollar. :)
This might be a long shot, but if you live in or near Tennessee, both Nashville and Knoxville have these great used multimedia stores called McKay's.  I've walked in there with $10 and out with 12 or 13 books.  If not, what others said about Goodwill and other thrift stores is good advice.  Also, places like Wal Mart often mark their books way down after a while to get rid of them.  
Why do you want a bookshelf of physical books? Why invest money in something you will most likely use once? 
/r/writing 
I like more when the lead villain has a minion or team-mate with whom they have great chemistry with, rather than using a family dynamic just to give the villain some cohorts. 
As a reader, I've always found the most compelling villains to be the ones who have genuine emotional connections to others on their side, who truly care about those who are with them. If a villain has personal emotional and ideal stakes in the story then this is great. I love it when a writer gives me a reason to care about a villain beyond 'they are evil and believe/want to do bad things'. This could take the form of a family, which would give a possibility for looking at family dynamics, because even though they work together families never get along perfectly. Oppose this to characters like Sauron or Voldemort, who are more 'fairy tail' villains. There isn't much emotional stake for the reader in their arc, I don't truly hate or feel for them. (My opinion's not worth that much to be honest but that's how I feel when I'm reading books)
I enjoyed all of Tolkiens books, but the pacing is very slow.  The first hundred pages of LOTR will be a crawl. 
My favorite book of all time. Such a beautiful piece of literature.
Congratulations.  I enjoyed the books; I've read them three times over the past 30 years.  In my opinion, parts of *The Two Towers*
dragged, but it didn't detract from the story overall.  Enjoy your reading, and good luck on your finals!
Please read The Hobbit first. 

On that note, a friend once asked me what order to read Tolkien's books in. I joked that he should read The Silmarillion, The Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle Earth, the Hobbit and then The Lord of the Rings. He came back and said he had a lot of fun reading it that way.
I loved *The Fellowship of the Ring*, the wraiths are so creepy in it.

I wasn't so keen on *The Two Towers* despite that being my favourite film of the trilogy.

*The Return of the King* I found boring where it concerned Aragorn, but amazing where it followed Sam and Frodo.

If you love the films, you'll at least like the book.
I've thought about using my audible credits to purchase LotR. Do you think it would be a good listen?
Did you buy a book that includes all three lotr books? I had one of those when I was young. It hurt reading it if you wanted to lay on your back in bed because it was so heavy. My edition had pictures on harder paper through out the book as well. In the end it broke apart from too many backpack rides to and from school and it got left behind during a move, something I regret dearly.
The book is fantastic! Like everyone else has said, Tolkien can be extremely wordy, but it's completely worth the read regardless. I personally think excessive imagery helps create a beautiful story. It's not an easy read, but it is absolutely an enjoyable one.

It's like reading a 1000 year old version of the movie script. Very much in the style of Beowulf.
LoTR is one of my absolute most favorite reads. I'm not as big of a fan of the Hobbit, and i think that's largely because I read it after LoTR, so I saw the plot holes a bit more. There are appendices at the end of LoTR that address these a little bit, but I mean, he wrote the Hobbit before really going full on into the world building of Middle Earth so it makes sense that it's not as MUCH as LoTR. Anyway, have a great read!!!! There are parts that make it truly difficult to put down. 
I never read the LOTR books, just The Hobbit. Are there any definitive versions of LOTR, or any to avoid?  Maybe I'll pick up the hardcover versions this week and start. 

Just want to see if there is a print better than others?
Congrats! The books are great. I read them when I was young, before the movies were released. Rereading them after the movies was still quite enjoyable and to your advantage might even help with putting pictures to the long drawn out portions relating to lore and family lines. Stick with it! Even if it slows, it ultimately picks up the pace and is such an amazing read. I stalled halfway through The Two Towers the first time I read them. It just got too boring for a 12 year old and honestly the battle in the movie was wayyy more drawn out and cool than in the book. Hopefully you'll enjoy them and go on to the other great books in the collection. Once you've read those I'd recommend the Tolkien genesis, The Silmarillion. Good luck 
You will find it a little slow at the start. Then it picks up and is great until the middle, where it bogs down so much that you will wonder if you can get through it -- but keep going, it gets better toward the end, and the last little coda about the Shire is worth reading also.
I've read both, Lord of the rings and the Hobbits. I really liked them, and yeah I agree, sometimes it can be dull, so many details. Btw, some people think that his books are just for children. I enjoyed them anyway.
Its definitely not dulI if you really take the time to soak it up. I loved every moment the first time i read  it, and even more so the second. Then the films came along and kind of ruined that to some extent. 

For me, it was all about imagining myself in Frodo's shoes, and really visualising the adventure, and the world it's set in. 

The chapters on the elves and Lothlorien are pure magic. 
He does go into a lot of detail and that's not for everyone, but I love his writing style. I think LOTR books are much better than The Hobbit, it took me three days to read LOTR and three weeks to read The Hobbit. 
If you enjoy it, and you want to know more about the history of Middle Earth, than you should also try The Silmarillion.
To me it was comparable to Melville honestly. Most people find it off putingly slow, but not enough to detract from the enjoyment of the book. 
You know that scene when the Ents spend hours and hours talking and only come to the conclusion that Merry and Pippin are not orcs? That's what LOTR books felt to me. 
Here's the list...

1 The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams (1979)

2 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea by Jules Verne (1870)

3 Dhalgren by Samuel R. Delaney (1975)

4 War of the Worlds by H.G. Wells (1898)
 
5 Foundation by Isaac Asimov (1951)

6 Stranger in a Strange Land by Robert Heinlein (1961)

7 Dangerous Visions, edited by Harlan Ellison (1967)

8 Childhood's End by Arthur C. Clarke (1953)

9 Ringworld by Larry Niven (1970)

10 The Left Hand of Darkness by Ursula K. Le Guin (1969)

11 Neuromancer by William Gibson (1984)

12 Snow Crash by Neal Stephenson (1992)

13 Wind-Up Girl by Paolo Bacigalupi (2009)

14 The Forever War by Joe Haldeman (1979)

15 Slaughter-House Five by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. (1969)

16 The Martian Chronicles by Ray Bradbury (1950)

17 Dune by Frank Herbert (1965)
Could have been 20 or even 25. plenty left off the list. Hyperion Cantos anyone?
'Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep' needs to be on this list. 
I hate how all these list never seem to tell you what the actual book is about, just a bunch of buzzwords, and quotes. However this is one of the few that supplies a link to a synopsis. 
A few months ago there was an estate sale for an old history professor, I was able to grab his science fiction collection (his basement was filled, wall to wall with books, with a bookshelf dedicated to science fiction).  A few of these were in there, which combined with my own collection means I have all of these.

This isn't really relevant other than I lucked out.  
A co-worker of mine lent me Dune one night when I had a ton of downtime. It was the first leisure book I've read in years and made me get a library card so I could finish it. Looks like I'll have to try these other books now
Why is James Franco on the cover of #14 Forever War?
Came expecting another shitty drudge list, was surprised that it is actually pretty good. 

I'd replace Dhalgren with Book of the New Sun, as both are good but the latter is a stronger example. 
I miss Stanisław Lem on the List. "Solaris" was very influential, also the "The Star Diaries" could have been mentioned.
Not a single Iain M. Banks book!
I fucking hate every person who does a website like that. One book. And two hundred banner adds. I'm not giving them all the time and energy it takes to click through that bullshit, let alone the add dollars that come with it.


Ringworld is such a great book. Highly recommend. The sequel is good, but after that gets meh.

I also recommend Niven's book "protector" 
no canticle for lebowitz?

shaking my got dang head
But what about Hyperion???
*Here are 21 of the most influential science fiction and fantasy books.*

So there's room for four more then...
Not a single book by Philip K Dick.  This list is invalid.


I enjoyed the list and the article, but how can you discuss the "prototypical" nature of Valentine Michael Smith from *Stranger in a Strange Land* without mentioning that it's basically a [MASSIVE SPOILER ALERT!] retelling of the story of Jesus Christ?  (A guy comes down from Heaven.. well... space, who is half man and half supernatural, has magical powers, is persecuted but forms a dedicated following and founds a church, then he's stoned to death and his disciples eat soup made from his body.)

I know Heinlein and *Strange Land* in particular is a controversial topic on /r/books, but it really is great, and I highly recommend it to any sci-fi fan who hasn't read it.
I loved *Slaughter House Five* but I never really thought of it as science fiction. I guess it technically is, but I just thought of it as creative autobiography or something 
'Wind-up Girl' is a lot better as a blurb written for a 'best-of' list than as an actual book. Boring as hell.  
Don't panic!
I'd add Hyperion to this list, its soo good
Okay, this list is seriously lacking in the Philip K. Dick department. "Ubik" or "Do Androinds Dream of Electric Sheep?" are essentials.
The Stars My Destination needs to be on every one of these lists
No Iain M Banks, Jack Vance, Gene Wolfe or Philip K Dick.
Anyone that's read Dhalgren, how is it?
No Octavia Butler? She gave so much to a genre that still has huge problem filling the hole her death left.
Good list. I'd add *Ender's Game* or *Speaker for the Dead* too.
I enjoy how many of these are the basis for Iron Maiden songs
No Stanislaw Lem? No P.K. Dick? Not a distant wink to Cordwainer Smith? This is just a best seller list. Sure, some are incredible works, but that seems to be just a coincidence.
You are looking at the issue form the Western perspective

Actually in the Communist Block there was a very well developed Science Fiction genre. Some say it was due to the efforts to compensate for the bleak actual existing conditions by creating bright visions of the future.

Names like [Lem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stanis%C5%82aw_Lem), [Yefremov](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ivan_Yefremov), [Strugatsky brothers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arkady_and_Boris_Strugatsky) mean nothing to a Western reader, while their creations were arguably better than the best examples of Western Science Fiction of the same period.
No Mary Shelley, H.G. Wells, H.P. Lovecraft, or Stanislaw Lem?
Great list!  I'd love to just add on some PKD novels on here but I know he's a bit hit or miss for people.  Also I lean Illustrated Man over the Martian Chronicles.  
I own them all except for The Windup Girl. Anyone care to share their opinion on that book? Should I buy it as well?
Hyperion! My first sci-fi book <3
Happy to say I've read Hitchhiker's, Snow Crash, Forever War and Dune, and they all certainly deserve to be on this list. I think I'll have to tackle of few more of them.

Also, all the responses to this post have helped me fill my list of future reads. You are all awesome.
walter m miller jr's 'a canticle for leibowitz' is not on this list. the list's value as an opinion is seriously doubtful.
I'm not sure if it is in 'most important -> least important'

But if it is, Dune should NOT be at the bottom.

Arguably THE genre defining book.

Also, why no Orson Scott Card? His works on Science Fiction are why he is regarded as one of the top Sci-Fi writers of all time, even if his movie adaptations are.....lacking.....
Asimov's "I, Robot" with its 3 laws of robotics, was more of a genre changer than the "Foundation" books, IMHO.

Any list of influential SF that does not include these hugely influential works is pretty much invalid:  

* Frankenstein
* Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde  
* Brave New World  
* Nineteen Eighty-Four  

And how does a book only published seven years ago *forever change the genre*? I don't think so.

I really wanted to like Neuromancer, but it just seemed so confusing and all over the place. There were times when I had no clue what was going on.
"Wind-Up Girl by Paolo Bacigalupi" 

LOL
[deleted]
Starship Troopers didn't make the cut? 
What about 1984 or Brave New world and stuff?  Are they sci-fi or classified as something else?  Genuinely asking
A failure to mention the grandmother of genetic engineering Anne McCafferre :/
Surprisingly good list, even considering the books that probably didn't have much impact on the genre as a whole, and the missing books that arguably had a much larger impact. 
I still haven't been able to get through Snowcrash or Neuromancer. 
The Canticles of Lebowitz? How can you not have that on your/mine/any list?
Missing at least:

1. Aldous Huxley - Brave New World

2. Philip K. Dick - Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?

3. George Orwell - 1984
The list:  
  
1 The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams (1979)  
2 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea by Jules Verne (1870)  
3 Dhalgren by Samuel R. Delaney (1975)  
4 War of the Worlds by H.G. Wells (1898)  
5 Foundation by Isaac Asimov (1951)  
6 Stranger in a Strange Land by Robert Heinlein (1961)  
7 Dangerous Visions, edited by Harlan Ellison (1967)  
8 Childhood's End by Arthur C. Clarke (1953)  
9 Ringworld by Larry Niven (1970)  
10 The Left Hand of Darkness by Ursula K. Le Guin (1969)  
11 Neuromancer by William Gibson (1984)  
12 Snow Crash by Neal Stephenson (1992)  
13 Wind-Up Girl by Paolo Bacigalupi (2009)  
14 The Forever War by Joe Haldeman (1979)  
15 Slaughter-House Five by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. (1969)  
16 The Martian Chronicles by Ray Bradbury (1950)  
17 Dune by Frank Herbert (1965)  

Every time I see *Ringworld* come up these days, I'm wondering how long until some bright director in Hollywood adapts the trilogy to film. We definitely have the CGI for it now. If properly realized, it could be a sweeping SF epic that blows away everything that came before it. I'd take it over *Star Wars* any day.

Neuromancer is a masterpiece. 
The thing I always found fascinating about _Stranger in a Strange Land_ was how it felt uniquely (in Heinlein's repertoire) a synergy of standard Heinlein storytelling and mainstream high-concept self-importance in the vein of many other books in this list.  Smith as a character, the "grok" idea, and casual cannibalism are all very atypical concepts for a Heinlein novel, but Jubal Harshaw and his gang of friends of conspicuous intellectual superiority?  Very Heinlein.  In this respect, I have long regarded _Stranger in a Strange Land_ as a sort of gateway novel for people to discover the author.
No John Carter.
Kind of surprised The Wind Up Girl is on this list. No Greg Bear or Ian M Banks or Stanislaw Lem?
I don't think they changed the genre but I would love to give a shout out to Harry Harrison and the Stainless Steel Rat books. Man I loved those as a kid.
Starship Troopers by Heinlein would by in my top 10.  And modern sci-fi writer Scalzi's "Old Man's War".
Came to make sure Snow Crash was on the list. Everything checks out
16 men and 1 woman.
Recently read The Wind Up Girl. I'm left questioning how it could possibly have changed the genre. It did not strike me as revolutionary or original in any real way.


I just realised that this is likely to be down voted.  Oh well.
Orson Scott Card, anyone?
The Epic of Gilgamesh is the oldest story in existence at almost 4000 years old and has influenced many (read: almost all) stories since.  As the story of a man who is imbued with otherwordly powers to protect a society I believe it counts as sci-fi, the oldest, most influencial sci-fi.  

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epic_of_Gilgamesh
Why is nearly everything in the comments a complaint? It's a great list. Sure, lots of other great books out there. Inspired some conversation, at least. And I'm inspired to re-read several and check out some new ones I wasn't familiar with. 

Thanks for the list and post. 
I took a class at a SUNY school that was taught by Nancy Kress, a  Hugo and Nebula award winner and because of her I've read almost all of these amazing books. It was so long ago I really don't remember much of the class but she opened up my eyes to so many other sci-fi writers. 
Wow.  As a huge fan of Sci Fi, this list is actually really good.  Honestly most of the time these lists tend to be weaker unknown books.  This is actually a list of books that ACTUALLY changed the genre and stood the test of time. 

I highly recommend any fan of Science fiction to read all the books on the list.  
I'm mad Dune is at the bottom of the list! I'm halfway through the 4th book in the series now, and I can honestly say it's a truly unique franchise. Unlike anything else I've seen in sci-fi/fantasy.
I only checked this thread to see if they included Snow Crash
How is Dune 17...
Never heard of "Dahlgren," so I'm planning to pick that up somewhere. The others seem fairly pedestrian, at least for people who've been reading sci-fi for a while. 
I would have included Starship Troopers, as it was the first Science Fiction book to introduce a non-white main character. 
Important Sci Fi litarature; but not mentioning Perry Rhodan
no "hyperion". list is invalid....
Huh, kind of surprised I haven't seen Frankenstein mentioned by anyone here yet. I know it might be considered as more of a horror book, but I'd argue it's hada pretty huge impact on science fiction.  
I'm sorry but I thought the first Foundation novel was boring and unimportant.  There's almost no description, of anything.  And characters who only last 1 chapter?  I can't remember the name of a single character.  I bought it expecting something epic due to all its accolades and awards.  I finished it thinking, what's the big deal?  No desire to read any of the others.  
I was getting worried dune wouldn't be in this list...
Paolo Bacigalupi's *Wind-Up Girl* seems like the odd man out on this list. Did climate focused scifi really originate with this book? It seems like the only book on the list that doesn't really deserve its slot, but that might be because I didn't particularly like it. It just seems like it hasn't had anywhere near the impact the other books on this list have had, but maybe I've just missed it? 

I'm curious to hear what others think about it. 
Frankenstein by Mary Shelly.....?
To my mind 2001 a Space Odyssey should be in this list. 
I've never heard of dhalgren but I've read all the rest. Off to amazon I go..
No Enders game? Surprised
Ender's Game isn't on here, despite predicting the current state of the internet long before the World Wide Web even existed, among all it's other virtues. Another prediction I noticed today? "Peter means what he's saying when he's saying it, but he'll only *do* things that are to his benefit. That's why he'll make such a good politician one day." Gee, why does a politician saying a lot of outrageous things to get his way then turning around and doing something completely different sound familiar?
Dhalgren sounds super interesting... has anyone here read it?
No A Wrinkle in Time? No C.S. Lewis? Wtf
No Phillip K. Dick. Come on.
upset at the omission of Harry Harrison's Stainless Steel Rat. and my gosh Snow Crash was published in 1992?!? i feels old dood
A little surprised by the lack of John Carter. It was one of the earliest science fiction book series to be written...
My favourite authors are not on the list, therefore the list is garbage.
Can people that have read *Dhalgren* give me their opinions on it? I've owned the book for a few months now, but keep putting it off to read because of the way people talk about it. It seems very daunting. 

And what is it about? I'm still confused on that too. The blurb doesn't really explain shit.
I think Ender's Game deserves an honorable mention. The book itself was intended for adults, with very adult themes, despite most of the main characters being children.

That.. uh, "confusion" between if this was a kids book vs adult book landed it in my hands when I was 11. Totally changed the way I looked at the science fiction genre. Still to this day (27 now) the time Ender spends at the battle school is one of my favorite conceptional memories from reading. 

It was like Harry Potter going through school but with 10 times the grit &  violence (replacing magic with Starship Troopers style science) minus a lot of the fluff.
Fucking cordwainer smith and doc smith.
What - no love for Iain M. Banks on the list? His culture series redefined the space opera  and explored how a post scarcity civilisation would work- not to mention presenting a hopeful view of how AI could co-exist with organic beings (for a change). I'd take him over Paolo Bacigalupi any day if a "modern" addition were needed. Leaving out Philip K Dick also inexcusable as others have pointed out
Three Body Problem by Liu Cixin was one of the best series I have ever read. It also completely changed my opinion on several tropes in scifi.
No Tolkein? LoTR is the greatest fantasy epic of our time according to the cover on all 3 books.
What about Fahrenheit 451, Brave New World.  Also- not a single Critchon (Jurassic Park, Andromeda Strain)? Andromeda Strain influenced entire swaths of mega germ books to come like The Stand.  
you have to be kidin' Dune on place 17? there never was and there will never be a sf. series that unfluenced more people and the genre than Dune.  
Ubik should be on here! 
Neither 1984 nor Brave New World mentioned, while they cram Slaughterhouse Five in there as sci-fi. For shame.
Where is the hero who can post us a condensed list and save us from the clickbait?
No Alfred Bester, no Phillip K. Dick, no Strugatsky bothers? Boo.
Ummmmmm JURASSIC PARK??? WHERE ARE YOU? How can any list like this not include Crichton's revolutionary masterpiece?
No Mary Shelley?  Shameful.
What a sausage fest. Where's "Frankenstein"?
I hate clickbait so much, however I'm glad ringworld was in.
The Once and Future King should be at the top. It opened up Fantasy and Sci Fi. 
I was hoping to see Roadside Picnic and Ender's Game, but those books are fire. Hitchhikers guide, is by far one of my favorite books
How is Aldous Huxley's Brave New World not in this list? It was published in 1932 and is still so relevant to our culture. 
It would be fun to read these in the order of their publication date.
And now I'm done making my Christmas list.
Hum. Somehow disagree with the list. (and read all of them except Bacigalupi). 

No Olaf Stapledon ? As far as an author changing the genre, I just don't see how you exclude him. His two books read contain most of the ideas that dominated science fiction. That is the most baffling absence to me. 

No Philip.K.Dick ? You could argue that he was not a hugely successful author during his lifetime, but is there today a science fiction author whose work has been more used in the mainstream society ? 
Super sad lack of neuronovels, arguably one of the most gamechanging kinds of novels that were created in the last 50yrs.
*when you've only read foundation *
>1. Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams (1979)

Came expecting this.

Was not disappointed.
Stranger in a Strange Land was fantastic. 
[deleted]
Pretty sure Rendezvous with Rama/ Rama II could be included in here. I know that's giving Clarke an extra entry but it's hard to deny the man deserves it!

That series spoke to me more than some more prolific works, it's hard to quantify just what it is about it. I'm pretty sure it's one of the most honest representations of an evolving social dynamic and the horror of humanity in the wider universe with just enough of a glimmer of hope

Ken McLeod's The Star Fraction always struck me as a fantastic exposition of a ai singularity. It might not have been particularly new but it did open up the topic in a way I'd never seen before. Maybe just me though 
Why 17 though? It simply could be 40 or 50 and they could add a lot of masterpiece which they didn't...
I can highly recommend Peter F. Hamilton. Both his Commonwealth Saga and the Armageddon Cycle are an amazing series of books. Currently into the Void Chronicles which follows after the Commonwealth Saga and it's amazing. 
Commenting so I can come back :)
James Franco on the front cover of the forever war!
Never got the feel for The Martian Chronicles. I thought it was very boring and got pretty lost on the story. That's one I would exchange with "Ready player one".

BTW, those books are all quite old, seems like there's no good SF books these days, which is not true at all.
Why is this on Lifehacker and not IO9?  What happened to IO9?
I know it falls under the umbrella of utopian/dystopian, but I would have loved to have seen "We" by Yevgeny Zamyatin on here, if nothing else for its direct influence on "Brave New World" and "1984". Such a great book.
'The stars my destination' and this years arthur c clarke winner - 'children of time' are sci-fi beasts
Does anyone know which book is in the thumbnail?
P. K. Dick´s  books are missing in that list =( 
I'm so glad I read Hitchhiker when I was young, stupid and still in high school. If I did read it with a fully developd adult mind it might of exploded.
read six of those, so far
Not going to lie, I honestly hated Neuromancer and Snow Crash. 

Would replace either of them with Hyperion in a heartbeat. That book is easily the coolest frame narrative I have ever read. 
(Known-space) Larry Niven is my favourite author, and Ringworld is his best known work, but... how did it "forever change the genre"?
Why the fuck isn't Karel capek here? 
He friggin invented the word "robot"!!!
Read all but 3.
The Time Machine, H G Wells, should be up there too.
as cool as slaughterhouse five is, I don't see how it 'forever changed the genre'... Flatland: A  Romance of many dimensions???
Is 1984 not considered science fiction? Thats the only explanation I can think of that would excuse it from being put on this list...
How can PKD not be on this list? 
As I was moving through the list I was getting more and more upset at the lack of Dune... but then!
No Hyperion by Dan Simmons?
I loved Jules Verne, all I read when I was 9 or 10 until I discoveres Calvin & Hobbes
I've always thought Foundation is way overrated.  I found it extremely redundant. 
Missing John Brunner
Hyperion - Dan Simmons
Omitting Alfred Bester takes all credibility out of this list... 
Damn, not a single book from C.S. Lewis' Space Trilogy?
I really think they had a lot of influence on how to properly approach science fiction.
I am both pleased that I've read almost all of those books, and that I haven't read all those books.

Sci fi is my favorite genre by far, and I have my dads banana carton full of books that I found in the cellar to thank for it, from which I procured the copy of ringworld that started it all.

In case anybody with no background in sci fi at all is reading this, most if not all books in this list are very good, and if you read nothing else read the hitchhikers guide series, as it's not just solid sci fi but also extremely funny. Like, when did I last have to set a book aside for a minute because I'm laughing too hard funny.


How is "the time machine" not on here
I agree with most of the list but where the heck is Stanislaw Lem??? Without doubt one of the best science fiction writers. Solaris and Golem XIV are masterpieces.
I have read the first one twice, and the second and last one once. What would be next in the middle?
No lovecraft? Cthulu damn them all
Roger Zelazny's Lord of Light did thimgs with science fiction that is still astonishing to this day. Unfortunately just talking abput the book in almost any capacity is a damn spoiler
I read Windup Girl-didn't think it was a very big deal.  I've probably read 5-6 books from various genres that were better since.  I think Enders Game should be on there.  I'd also recommend one called Saturn Run by Ctein and John Sandford.  I think Saturn Run embodies what makes sci-fi fun and important.
I had my doubts about this list as ultimate lists seldom live up the their advance billing.

Ringworld, a so called "hard science" fiction book is quite often ignored. To get a better feel for it, you should read the short story anthologies "Neutron Star" and "Tales of Known Space"


17 because somebody had a serious problem with Vonnegut being the capstone on a decent list? And seriously, why not Sirens of Titan?
No 2001? It's like the perfect sci-fi book.
Well, I mean, The Coming Race resulted in esoteric cults being formed and quite possibly influenced Hitler's quest for Aryans... but yeah man leave it off the list and put Hitchhiker on there because "42". 
 No Edgar Rice Burroughs ???

 Daft Heathens.
No 'Ender's Game' or any Orson Scott Card books?
Needs Hyperion fitted in somewhere.
No Stanislaw Lem? List can go right into the trash.
Yeah I'm calling bullshit on Wind-Up Girl. Other than that not a terrible list.
I have no doubt whatsoever that we have seen another tectonic shift in the SF world with The Three Body Problem trilogy. Give it five, ten years and people will be automatically including it on lists like these. 
Goddamn, do I hope to be on that list some day.

*Goes back to writing piss-poor books*

.... Maybe I should actually *finish* a book before I get any big ideas.
Missing Edgar Rice Burroughs and HP Lovecraft but otherwise pretty solid list
No Hyperion? Bah!
And The Stars My Destination? Bullshit list.
Possible spoilers: I read the Foundation trilogy and I still don't understand why it's so well-regarded. The basic storyline of Selden's predictive science was really interesting, but when people randomly started developing psychic superpowers it just took a turn for me that it never recovered from. By the time secret organizations of psychically superpowered people start duking it out, I had lost all interest.
No Orson Scott Card?
*Ctrl+F "Book of the New Sun"*

Laaaame.
Great list, I would add Enders Game to the list. Great book IMO
Wow I read three out of the seventeen books.... listed there.
Number 13 will blow your mind! /s
If you're talking about genre changing, you're missing some crucial works here
1. The mad scientist as popularized by Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
2. The 3 laws of robotics laid down by Asimov in Robot series. It's been some time since I read foundation, but I don't think it had references to the laws of robots
3. The struggle to differentiate reality and illusion in multiple Philip K. Dick books like Valid or Man in High Castle
4. The idea that machines can emote! Think "Do Androids dream. Of Electric Ship"
China Mieville's [Perdido Street Station](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perdido_Street_Station) blew my mind when I read it. I wish more people gave it a try. It's a tough read in some ways, but a goodness of mind-bending proportions. 
I'd vote for the Wool omnibus.  
It hit me right in the futuristic, apocalyptic sci-fi. 
I loved 20000 leagues under the sea. I never wanted it to stop! Probably my favorite of Verne's works and I have read 28 of his Extraordinary Voyages. 
Dune is a brain twisting memory game but I still love it. You need a chart to keep it all straight. Didn't they hand out cards to moviegoers so they could keep track of everything?
Many people already mentioned that Lem should be here, but I would like to add one name. I am not sure if it is genre changing, but I think few people know him, and many would enjoy reading his books:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kir_Bulychev


Cheerfully omitting Frankenstein, which arguably started it all.

Also distinctly lacking PK Dick, Bester, Farmer.
How about "The Windup Girl" instead of "Wind-Up Girl". I mean, the cover with the correct title is right there...
No Stanislaw Lem is just...silly.

Solaris is IMO the best example of the science fiction genre because it concentrates on humanity's limitations more than anything. It's also incredibly beautifully written - like reading a painting.
Curious why "The Time Machine" isn't on that list.
Thanks for sharing this! I have to add these to my ever growing list of books 
The guy on the cover of The Forever War looks like bionic James Franco
Good list. 
Slaughter-House Five, so happy to see it on here. 
I am so happy to see Martian Chronicles on this list. It's my favorite and I'm always so surprised at how many people have never heard of it 
H. G. Wells and Olaf Stapledon.
How is "We" always left off all these lists? It influenced a brave new world, 1984 and was the start of the anti utopian books.
Don't know how off of point i am, but it must be mentioned that I believe Kurt Vonnegut is typically overlooked in the SciFi world...In the lit world, he's appropriately recognized for his voice and his nuance... Among SciFi critics, it seems that he's dismissed or unwelcomed... I would think that he would find a shelf alongside Ray Bradbury before JD Salinger... Whereas Bradbury has gotten his recognition, Vonnegut remains an anomaly and difficult to classify... I've never gone into science fiction territory... I've seen it as the realm of pirate gnomes and D&D with 20 sided die... But Vonnegut pulled me in and I'm better for it... He would never be a HG Wells, but his worlds are subtly imagined from micro to macro... His actors are scientifically fantastic in their insipid routine... Vonnegut is thereason I've attempted anything like Dune or Philip Dick... But since we're talking about it, my vote goes to 'I Am Legend'... Richard Matheson... 
Here's an interesting question. As an aspiring writer who has read a lot, but none of these, should I read them? Or should I allow my biases and inspirations to be outside of these books?
Endymion - Dan Simmons
I just finished reading Ulysses literally 2 days ago (took me a long ass time) and I enjoyed it but it was tough. Maybe I'll read this since I liked Ulysses
Found [this](http://io9.gizmodo.com/21-books-that-changed-science-fiction-and-fantasy-forev-1610590701) slightly different, and earlier, version of the list that also includes fantasy.
No 2001?  1984?  Come on, man.
I haven't seen any mention of Brave New World.  I'd say that was as influential and ground breaking as any of them.
I don't know Dhalgren... In fact I don't know much about Delaney at all. Looking at his work I've only read City of a Thousand Suns. And for Arthur C Clarke I would probably have put 2001 on the list instead of Childhood's End.
commenting so I can look at this later
You're telling me The Door Into Summer didn't make the list?

actually I don't know anyone else who has read that lovely little tale about time travel
Stranger in a strange land is mostly about how the main character is great at fucking. 
I was really underwhelmed by the Martian Chronicles. The format (sequence of diary/news article type passages) was a cool and got me excited initially. But what Bradbury did with it seemed to lack any cohesiveness or interesting themes. And the pseudoscience underpinning all the technology came off totally detached from any understanding of basic physics (even of his time).  In the end it mostly seemed like a nonsensical filler of a book to me. 

Clearly the world disagrees with me. What didn't I get?
I hate to be another "why isn't X on the list" guy but

The Stars My Destination by Alfred Bester. Come on.
Three of my favorite books are on here :)
Snow crash is a tough read. It was very goofy to me
Someone please correct me if I'm wrong, but I seem to remember it being announced years ago that Ridley Scott was planning on filming "The Forever War", then I never heard from that again.
I'm a little disappointed that Dan Simmons is not represented here. After reading Carl Sagan's _Cosmos_, in 1999, I needed something to build on its accelerating complexity of the cosmos that "we are all made of star stuff" pointed to. Simmons did this in _Illiad_ and _Olympus_. Granted, he won the Hugo award for his previous work, _The Hyperion Cantos_, but the ideas presented there only really came to fruition in the later works. 
The foundation trilogy is amazing...im glad iv read them a year ago...also a brave new world is a must read
Not a bad list of SF books, but the scholarship is complete garbage.

For example, it claims that the Foundation spin-offs from Greg Bear, Gregory Benford, and David Bring helped launch their careers. All three of them were bestselling, award-winning authors and had been for at least a decade.
Where's JG Ballard?!
Dianetics.  By LR Hubbard
This Perfect day by Ira Levin should be on the list. It's an amazing book. 
Joe Haldeman gets all the points.  Read everything he has written.  It's SF with a soul...
Alas, Babylon 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alas,_Babylon
Thank you for this!  I now know what I'm going to put on my Christmas list.
Heilein and Vonnegut -- Pivotal books
My List:

Dune by Frank Herbert

Hyperion Cantos by Dan Simmons

Neuromancer by William Gibson

Snow Crash by Neal Stephenson

A Canticle for Leibowitz by Walter M. Miller Jr.

Enders Game by Orson Scott Card

Solaris by Stanislaw Lem

The Book of the New Sun series by Gene Wolfe

The Left Hand of Darkness by Ursula K Le Guin

The Demon Princes by Jack Vance

Childhood's End by Arthur C. Clarke

The Mote in God's Eye by Larry Niven

Armor by John Steakley

Lord of Light by Roger Zelazny

Just off the top of my head...I'm sure theres more..


Hitchhiker's I will read over and over again until they build that hyperspace bypass. 
I've tried to read "Stranger in A Strange Land" but couldn't get into it after the first 30 or so pages.  I'm asking anyone who has read it, is it worth going back to? 
I feel like I’m missing something about The Left Hand of Darkness. I read it a little while ago and really don’t understand its impact and popularity. Not trying to start shit, just never had the benefit of discussing the novel with someone.
Commenting 
Love seeing _The Wind Up Girl_ on here. That book is so raw and I just love when a book so effects me that I don't even care if it has flaws or not. 
Enders Game?
What about Ender's game?
Frankensteins Monster (written in 1818) by Mary Shelley) is somehow not on this list and needs to be. It's basically THE first science fiction novel, having come out nearly 200 years ago. and it's still very present in today's pop culture.
I'm so happy that Forever War is on here.
[deleted]
I have just about all of them.  Hitch Hikers Guide sucked IMO..  The Foundation and the trilogy was great..  A few I haven't read as they seem to be more in the realm of fantasy..

I am surprised there are none by Phillip Jose Farmer
[removed]
I'm struggling to see what about The Left Hand of Darkness changed the genre. Do they just mean that it was a fairly good book written by a woman at a time when almost no women wrote science fiction?
Mediocre click bait. Hitch hikers guide to the Galaxy #1, Really?
> According to the BBC:

> "The Foundation series helped to launch the careers of three notable science fiction authors of the succeeding generation. Janet Asimov sanctioned these novels, which were published in the late 1990s: Foundation's Fear by Gregory Benford, Foundation and Chaos by Greg Bear, and Foundation's Triumph by David Brin."

Rubbish. Those writers were chosen because they were *already* well-established authors in science fiction. They were known as "the three B's of science fiction" a decade before the Second Foundation trilogy was even conceived. 

And no 'I, Robot'? That's a travesty. If we're looking for genre-changing books, that's a prime candidate. Before Asimov, robots were primarily depicted as berserk machines who rebelled and endangered their creators, a la Frankenstein (another shameful omission!). Asimov singlehandedly reinvented robots and made them into tools and machines, rather than monsters. 

Where the fuck is Ender's Game?!?!
When I see a list like this but no one is listed more than once I generally think it's a completely bullshit list. This is no exception.
Anybody in here ever heard of J.R.R. Tolkien?
Why isn't Star Wars on the list?
One woman, one black man. And is Samuel R. Delany the only LGBT person on this list? More like a list that made big changes in SF that still avoided making white men think critically about their place in society, even though SF is a great place to do that.
I thought I was tripping for seeing Nicole Kidman in that image 
As I recall from school, he built a fire using a wolf.  
And not a single word about *The Iron Heel*.
I loved London's stories before I knew it. White Fang was my favorite film growing up, had no clue who the author was or that the movie was based on a book. When I grew older I avoided books like the plague, but Call of the Wild reminded me of White Fang so much I dove right in. It was my favorite book for several years.  
I always thought they should have his books on the reading list in poverty-stricken neighborhood schools.  Especially in classrooms with a lot of kids who hate reading.  They might like those books.  Oppression, bullying, rising above etc.  Plus they are just excellent adventures.  
sign-in wall
The book is explicitly written to convey a feeling of confusion to align with what the character is going through. You should probably just keep reading it rather than starting over, it isn't meant to be entirely coherent - it is *supposed* to be difficult to follow.
Devote as much time as you can to get through Benjy's section in one sitting, let that marinate for a while, then reread that section. Make notes in the margins if you need to, and remember that Benjy doesn't recall time in the past sense like the typical narrator does; he describes everything in the present tense, so in one moment he's in the present day, but the next he's recalling a moment from his childhood, and there is no discernable difference in the tenses in narration. It takes a bit of work to get trough that, but it's very rewarding once it clicks. Try to create a rough time line in your head of Benjy's life, and use the big moments as markers. Don't be afraid to feel like you're lost - that's typical, and part of the experience.

Quentin's section is even harder, and I'd try to read that one a couple times through as well. Not necessarily all in one sitting, but understand he is a confused young man and his struggle is centered entirely around the notion of southern nobility, and how he can restore his family's honor after his sister (in his eyes) sullied it. Again, don't be afraid to get lost and confused. 

After that, the Jason and Dilsey sections are much more typical and straight forward. The novel can be a struggle, but just feel it and go through it a few times. Ask questions of those who have read it if need be. But don't give up. It is so rewarding and wonderful at the end. One of my all time favorite novels. Good luck! 
I find re-reading typically helps alleviate most confusion, even if you do it immediately.
Re-reading definitely helps. I'm reading it the second time now and knowing there are two Quentins for example makes it much easier. I'm currently working over the text with a pencil. Being active while reading is a good way to process things.
I also tried to get through it. I get that the disorientation and confusion are intentional, but if something is intentionally done poorly, that doesn't make it good, you know? I feel like there are 2 characters with the same name? Like--why do that to your reader, you felt it wasn't confusing enough as is?

Regardless my last try was 10 years ago so maybe it's time to take another stab at it. A lot of friends whose tastes I really respect cite it as a favorite.
Take notes on what's going on, especially where you leave off.
My father is always trying to get me to read that. Maybe I will.
Yes, it's extraordinary. There's also an equally extraordinary radio series adapted from it, starring Kenneth Branagh.
The thing I most remember from it is a feeling of what it is really like to live in a totalitarian system. If 1984 and the like are powerful parables, this is the naturalistic version.
Yes. One of my favorites. It's been a few years, but what I recall taking away from it was the lengths people will go to in order to survive just one more day. Now that I think about it, I believe I actually had to take a break at one point because it was starting to get too depressing. 
Which one is that? I think I've read them all.  I have been getting him and Linwood Barclay confused lately too
Is it readable without reading the other Bolitar books first? Or should I start with the first Bolitar book?
I generally read the Lonely Planet guide, which has tips on how not to get robbed or killed by the locals.
I just read Bryson's *In A Sunburned Country* and absolutely loved it!!! I picked up his book about hiking he Appalachian trail, can't wait to pick that one up. 
"When I became a man, I put away childish things; like the fear of childishness and the desire to be very grown up."
-C.S. Lewis
"A witty saying proves nothing." -- Voltaire
"Grown-ups don't look like grown-ups on the inside either. Outside, they're big and thoughtless and they always know what they're doing. Inside, they look just like they always have. Like they did when they were your age. Truth is, there aren't any grown-ups. Not one, in the whole wide world" Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at The End of the Lane 
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
   Isaac Asimov
"Never forget what you are for surely the world will not.  Make it your strength so it can never be your weakness.  Armour yourself in it and it can never be used to hurt you." - A game of thrones
The average person thinks they aren't.
Theres a lot of subtle variations out there; but this chinese proverb always rang true for me.

"When you have but two pennies left, buy a loaf of bread with one, and a lily with the other."
"I can't go on, I'll go on." - Samuel Beckett


From a Jewish man on a train to Auschwitz:


“I have more faith in Hitler than in anyone else. He alone has kept his promises, all his promises, to the Jewish people.”

from Night by Elie Wiesel
"Fear is the mindkiller, fear is the little death..."
Two of my favorites are:

Show me a man or a woman alone and I'll show you a saint. Give me two and they'll fall in love. Give me three and they'll invent the charming thing we call 'society'. Give me four and they'll build a pyramid. Give me five and they'll make one an outcast. Give me six and they'll reinvent prejudice. Give me seven and in seven years they'll reinvent warfare. Man may have been made in the image of God, but human society was made in the image of His opposite number, and is always trying to get back home.

Stephen King

And 

society is like a stew. If you don't stir it up every once in a while then a layer of scum floats to the top.

Ed Abbey

“Coming back to where you started is not the same as never leaving.” 
― Terry Pratchett
“I hate a Roman named Status Quo!" he said to me. "Stuff your eyes with wonder," he said, "live as if you'd drop dead in ten seconds. See the world. It's more fantastic than any dream made or paid for in factories. Ask no guarantees, ask for no security, there never was such an animal. And if there were, it would be related to the great sloth which hangs upside down in a tree all day every day, sleeping its life away. To hell with that," he said, "shake the tree and knock the great sloth down on his ass.”

-Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451
In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice that I've been turning over in my mind ever since.

Whenever you feel like criticizing anyone, he told me, just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had.

-FSF, The Great Gatsby
My favorite: 

The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. 
"Manuscripts don't burn."

*The Master and Margarita*, by Mikhail Bulgakov 
"Wise men speak because they have something to say; fools because they have to say something". -Plato
None are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free.
Until lions have their own historians, tales of the hunt will always glorify the hunter - Kenyan Proverb
One who has a Why can bear almost any How.
- Nietzsche
"It is our choices... that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities." 
-J.K. Rowling
"Love isn’t there to make us happy. I believe it exists to show us how much we can endure." Hermann Hesse, Peter Camenzind
'People”—Geralt turned his head—“like to invent monsters and monstrosities. Then they seem less monstrous themselves.'

- Andrzej Sapkowski, The Last Wish


'The mind of man is capable of anything.'

- Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness
“The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven..” 

-----John Milton, Paradise Lost
Children are dying."
Lull nodded. "That's a succinct summary of humankind, I'd say. Who needs tomes and volumes of history? Children are dying. The injustices of the world hide in those three words.
Steven Erikson, Deadhouse Gates (The Malazan Book of the Fallen, #2)
“Anyone whose goal is 'something higher' must expect someday to suffer vertigo. What is vertigo? Fear of falling? No, Vertigo is something other than fear of falling. It is the voice of the emptiness below us which tempts and lures us, it is the desire to fall, against which, terrified, we defend ourselves.” -Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being 

"And now that you don't have to be perfect, you can be good" -John Steinbeck, East of Eden
"The universe is a pretty big place. If it's just us, seems like an awful waste of space" - Carl Sagan, Contact
"Maybe ever’body in the whole damn world is scared of each other." -Of Mice and Men

Feels especially relevant after this past election cycle. People are terrified of each other. 


"So do all who live to see such times, but it is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us. There are other forces at work in this world, Frodo, than the will of evil." 
-Gandalf, Fellowship of The Ring
A poignant one for me recently:

But what you are left with is a premonition of the way your life will fade behind you, like a book you have read too quickly, leaving a dwindling trail of images and emotions, until all you can remember is a name.

Bright Lights, Big City
"The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, and wiser people so full of doubts." 

-Bertrand Russell
"We're made of star stuff. We are a way for the cosmos to know itself." -- Carl Sagan
I just hope, that when the world comes to an end, I can breathe a sigh of relief...because there will be so much to look forward to. -Donnie Darko 

Edit: just realized it said quotes you've read. My apologies.

"That which yields is not always weak" Jacqueline Carey's Kushiels Dart
“Sometimes you are aware when your great moments are happening, and sometimes they rise from the past. Perhaps it's the same with people.” 

**James Salter**
"...day to day, we do not choose death. Because ultimately, death is not the opposite of life, but the opposite of choice. Death is what you get when there are no choices left to make..."

Fool's Errand
Robin Hobb
"Every saint has a past. Every sinner has a future"- Oscar Wilde
To me, that always meant that no matter where I was in life, I always had a chance to change and move forward, because even the best of people had to start somewhere. 
"We do not inherit the Earth from our parents. We borrow it from our children"
I drank what?
-Socrates. 
"Hello babies. Welcome to Earth. It's hot in the summer and cold in the winter. It's round and wet and crowded. On the outside, babies, you've got a hundred years here. There's only one rule that I know of, babies-"God damn it, you've got to be kind."
- Kurt Vonnegut

Also you can open Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy to any page, point at any sentence and have yourself an amazing quote. 
"...weakness is a great thing, and strength is nothing. When a man is just born, he is weak and flexible. When he dies, he is hard and insensitive. When a tree is growing, it's tender and pliant. But when it's dry and hard, it dies. Hardness and strength are death's companions. Pliancy and weakness are expressions of the freshness of being. Because what has hardened will never win."

- Stalker, Andrei Tarkovsky
How fascinating it is to watch the machines of one's own mind play themselves out.

This was flavor text for one of my favorite M:TG cards
"Silence is a mighty noise."

EDIT: Or, "Be ashamed to die, until you have scored some victory for humanity." - I think that's Horace Mann but not certain.
*"it is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing"*
I'm going to have to go for a quote from an author whose politics I actually despise. 

“Humanity does not ask us to be happy. It merely asks us to be brilliant on its behalf.”

Orson Scott Card - Ender's Game


"it does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live" Albus Dumbledore, Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone 
>Sazed shook his head, walking over to stand beside her. “Belief isn’t simply a thing for fair
times and bright days, I think. What is belief—what is faith—if you don’t continue in it after failure?”
Vin frowned.
“Anyone can believe in someone, or something, that always succeeds, Mistress. But failure…ah,
now, that is hard to believe in, certainly and truly. Difficult enough to have value, I think.”

It's something from the first book of mistborn. 
“And now that you don't have to be perfect, you can be good.” — John Steinbeck
"People are like stained glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in, their true beauty is only revealed if there is a light from within."
"Whether you think you can or you can't, you're right "
-Henry Ford
"You are  
what you do  
when it counts."

Facing page to the start of *Armor*, Steakley.
>*“What matters in life is not what happens to you but what you remember and how you remember it.”*

 Gabriel García Márquez

“Happiness can be found in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.” 

Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
"Life is long, if you know how to use it." 

On the Brevity of Life by Seneca 
"What we give to the poor is what we take with us when we die. "
-William Peter Blatty, *The Exorcist*
> Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe

H. G. Wells
“We are like butterflies who flutter for a day and think it is forever.” 
― Carl Sagan, Cosmos
Only after you have lost everything, are you free to do anything.

-Fight Club
“Well, I got to admit I still like a fight,” Augustus said. “They sharpen the wits. The only other thing that does that is talking to women, which is usually more dangerous.”
― Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove
the last line of A farewell to arms. i believe it goes.."..and i walked alone to the hotel in the rain." 
You will never find time to do anything.  You either take time, make time, or waste time.


"Children are dying."

Lull nodded. "That's a succinct summary of humankind, I'd say. Who needs tomes and volumes of history? Children are dying. The injustices of the world hide in those three words. Quote me, Duiker, and your work's done."

*The bastard's right. Economics, ethics, the games of the gods - all within that single, tragic statement. I'll quote you, soldier. Be assured of that.*

- Deadhouse Gates - the second novel of the Malazan Book of the Fallen
"You think that holding someone hard will bring them closer. You think that you can hold them so hard that you'll still feel them, embossed on you, when you pull away."
The truth may be out there, but the lies are inside your head-Terry Pratchett  
"They are in love. Fuck the war." - Pynchon


 "Juggling is hard because the balls go exactly where you throw them." 

(No idea who originally said it.)
*"Its a beautiful thing, the destruction of words."*  -  George Orwell (*1984*)
We accept the love we think we deserve.
If there is such a thing as human perfection, it seems to emerge precisely from how we handle the imperfection that is everywhere, especially our own.

In fact, I would say that *the demand fro the perfect is the greatest enemy of the good.* Perfection is a mathematical or divine concept, goodness is a beautiful human concept that includes us all." -Richard Rohr, *Falling Upward*
The hardest part is letting go of the dream...

On relationships/marriage ending.
"Jesus said, 'Man does not live by bread alone'; I say 'Man does not live by words at all'. Have a sandwich" -- The Transmigration of Timothy Archer. 

It's probably not the most powerful quote ever, probably not even the best PKD quote, but it is something that has been on my mind lately so I'll stick it in here.
I gotta go with this quote from Armor by John Steakley:
"You are
What you do
When it counts"
This above all, to thine own self be true. 
"Why should I fear? neither sea nor storms can harm us, if mighty destiny or the ruler of destiny does not permit.  And then the stinging fear of surviving either of you, is not here - one death will clasp us undivided."
 - one of three main characters, the only ones left in the world, about to make a treacherous sea journey in **The Last Man by Mary Shelley**
Hugh MacLennan's "The Watch That Ends The Night".

"There is no simple explanation for anything important any of us do, and that the human tragedy, or the human irony, consists in the necessity of living with the consequences of actions performed under the pressure of compulsions so obscure we do not and cannot understand them.” 
"You can't look dignified when you're having fun." -Lt. Wes Janson
Opportunities multiply as they are seized.
-Sun Tzu

"It is the unknown we fear when we look into death and darkness, nothing more." 
-J.K. Rowling
&nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  **be here now**
  &nbsp;  &nbsp;  *ram  dass*
"Better sleep with a sober cannibal than a drunken Christian."  Melville, *Moby-Dick*
" And he answering said, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy strength, and with all thy mind; and thy neighbor as thyself."
Some things mean too much to matter.

- Ian M Banks
"What is now proved was once only imagined", *or*

"The cut worm forgives the plow", *or*

"One law for the lion and the ox is oppression".

Blake, *The Marriage of Heaven and Hell*
"Every passing minute is another chance to turn it all around."
'Why don't you put the whole world in a bottle, Superman?'
"I know that I know nothing"
"Blessed are the Greeks"
"Right, as the world goes, is only in question between equals in power. While the strong do what they can, the weak suffer what they must."-Thucydides
"Timshel." - John Stienbeck *East of Eden*
Keep cool but care.
“Within infinite myths lies the eternal truth
Who sees it all? 
Varuna (Wind) has but a thousand eyes, 
Indra (Lightning) has a hundred, 
You and I, only two.”  - Devdutt Pattanaik 
Resist much; obey little. - Walt Whitman
A newborn baby abandoned in the Kenyan capital was saved by a stray dog who apparently carried her across a busy road and through a barbed wire fence to a shed, where the infant was discovered nestled with a litter of puppies, witnesses said.        
The short-haired dog with light brown eyes has no name, residents said.         
 -Joy Williams              
           
Pretty interesting concept

"Go then, there are other worlds than these." Stephen King - "The Gunslinger". I know it's fairly common/popular as a phrase from the series but I love it. In the books, it's like a punch in the gut when Jake says it because he realizes he's going to get left/die. He's so young and so resigned. It's heartbreaking. But in a way, it is freeing. Jake takes charge of the decision and makes it his own and in a way pardons Roland. It makes you think that you can choose to own even the worst situations. If that makes sense... lol
"Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength, mastering yourself is true power." -Lao Tzu (debatable)  
  
"You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life." -Albert Camus
The world breaks everyone and afterward many are strong at the broken places.
"Insofar as the word 'knowledge' has any meaning, the world is knowable." -Nietzsche. 
"We cannot know the future.  All we can do is face it bravely.  We should take heed of those we love and respect.  But in the end, we make every decision alone." (Juliet Marillier, Seer of Sevenwaters) 
"If you trust in yourself. . .and believe in your dreams. . .and follow your star. . . you'll still get beaten by people who spent their time working hard and learning things and weren't so lazy."

The Wee Free Men by Terry Pratchett
 Love is patient, love is kind. 
"You do everything you can to make up for it, knowing that you’ll never succeed in getting rid of the guilt.  You devote yourself to spending every second trying to do better despite the fact that it will never be enough.  And you pray with every single good act you do that somehow when your life is over that your lifetime will come close to making up for the wrong you committed."
"But I don’t want comfort. I want God, I want poetry, I want real danger, I want freedom, I want goodness. I want sin." -Aldous Huxley, Brave New World
Nobody's perfect. Well, there was this one guy, but we killed him....
-christopher Moore from the book Lamb
(My all time favorite book) 

And 

If it doesn't challenge you it doesn't change you
-Fred Devito 
"There are three things all wise men fear: the sea in storm, a night with no moon, and the anger of a gentle man." Patrick Rothfuss, Wise Men's Fear
"If chickens knew what was in store for them, they would never hatch from their eggs." -Richard Russo
"When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves" - Vicktor E. Frankl
"So are you to my thoughts as food to life,
Or as sweet-season'd showers are to the ground"... simple and so true if you are lucky to be in love
"*Ellen had never told her that desire and attainment were two different matters; life had not taught her that the race was not to the swift.*"

From *Gone With The Wind*

So many ppl I know still don't know this truth. 
"life is the sum of all your choices"  -  Albert Camus
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.

Generally attributed to Plato
We shall not cease from exploration 
And the end of all our exploring
Will be to arrive where we started 
And know the place for the first time. 
Through the unknown, remembered gate 
When the last of earth left to discover 
Is that which was the beginning; 
At the source of the longest river 
The voice of the hidden waterfall 
And the children in the apple-tree 
Not known, because not looked for 
But heard, half-heard, in the stillness 
Between two waves of the sea. 
Quick now, here, now, always—
A condition of complete simplicity 
(Costing not less than everything) 
And all shall be well and 
All manner of thing shall be well 
When the tongues of flame are in-folded 
Into the crowned knot of fire 
And the fire and the rose are one.

========================

Four Quartets: Little Gidding: V
by
T.S. Eliot

"The others 
trusted the skill of the captain to get them down safely; 
jetmen knew that skill was useless against the blind and fitful 
devils chained inside their rocket motors."   -Robert A. Heinlein



Nature will kill you at every possible chance, so will our machines. 

Another good lesson is, if aircrew knew half the maintanence practices we used, they'd sign their page 13's after their next crew rest. 
"The half-life of love is forever"
-Junot Diaz, This is how you lose her

I wasn't a fan of this book but this quote is one of the most powerful lines I have read. 


Accidents aren't planned.
Ever?  dunno.  But here's a good one from last week.  It's supposed to  be half-funny, half-sad.  But it stuck with me anyway.

"I killed my wife.  It was an accident. [...] Stupid thing, eh?  I wanted a frozen burrito.  Sara died for that.  I hope yours died for something greater."  -- Edmund.  *Steelheart*, by Brandon Sanderson.

(I've edited out the bit that makes it too long and included a spoiler)
"it is our choices that show us what we truly are, far more than our abilities" - J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the half-blood Prince
Magicians series, initial premise and universe was so awesome. Grown up Harry Potter basically. Unfortunately nearly every character is a horrible, whiny, and/or intolerable human being, which makes it progressively more difficult to read.



*EDIT: Also can't agree enough on Divergent series, loved the universe and the first book was pretty decent for YA, but god did they get painful to read.
The Wheel of Time. It got more and more painful as it went on, but *Crossroads of Twilight* broke me. Managed to finish it, but made it less than 100 pages into the next book before I gave up. 
The Sookie Stack house books. 
The Dark Tower.

The Gunslinger was great. Things get progressively worse and then Wizard and Glass is legitimately awful. Haven't bothered with the rest.
Heck yes for the YA novels. I loved Eragon as a kid and was utterly disgusted by how bad the later books were. 
it never happened with YA novels but the only time i got fizzled out is with 1Q84, by 600 pages in i start to lose interest in the book and i have been going on and off reading it.  


Not YA, the Century Trilogy by Ken Follet.


Started off as an interesting idea of several families caught up in the flow of history in the first book. Then the 2nd and 3rd books increasingly decayed into cardboard-cutout characters being force marched through exposition and coincidences. 
Ender's game series. Loved it up until children of the mind.
Game of Thrones. I tried it before it became super popular and got a TV show. It was decent at first, but then absolutely nothing would happen for hundreds of pages at a time. The writer also had a bad habit of building up to a big climactic scene, cutting away to dragon girl walking across the desert for another chapter, then returning the day after the big scene and explaining what happened.    
Wheel of Time series. Uggggh. 
Outlander series.  I enjoyed the first book, made it through the second.  Listening to the abridged audio book for the third, and gave up on the fourth book after about 200 pages in, and we were still on the morning of the first day.  

I tend to like less description and more action and dialogue, and the author loves to give lots of description and doesn't leave ANYTHING out.  Judging from her popularity I think it's her type of writing that doesn't work with me.
So disappointing!! I felt that way about the hunger games, and all that you mentioned as well. I think it's because YA fiction really blew up the past few decades (and especially after harry potter), and they were making so much money they just started throwing contracts at people. 


Some suggested authors with actually good YA work...:

Tamora pierce

Naomi novik

Kristen Britain (green rider series)

John green

Garth nix







I really got into the Cosmere with Sanderson's novels. It was absolutely intoxicating at first, and to be fair all of his novels are just so good; however, reading them in succession just proved to be too much after a while and I needed a reprieve or I wouldn't keep enjoying them anymore. I think that is with any kind of series, though- if I don't vary up the genre/style, I stop enjoying it.
iain mcewan 'atonement'
Hyperion; 3rd and 4th book are terrible, IMO.
I've been going through The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy series and have found that with each book I enjoy it less.
This is going to be controversial I'm sure, but now that I think of it, Harry Potter.  The first four novels were indeed quite magical for me, but by *The Order of The Phoenix*, it seemed too bound-up in the adolescent drama of the characters in a way that wasn't nearly as appealing or captivating.  I actually didn't read the last book, though I did continue to follow the developments in the plot through reading online synopses and 'spoilers'.

This is much more obscure, but I also remember a series called The 39 Clues that seemed to start off strong and fizzle *very* quickly IIRC.  My mom, brother and I read the first two? (I think) books together with great interest when we were past the target age, but stopped abruptly after that.  I can't recall why--my memories of that whole time are somewhat hazy--but given our interest in the debut and how suddenly (and thoroughly--I wonder if either of them even remember the series at all now) we ceased reading them, there must've been something that didn't live up to the initial expectations at all.  I could be wrong here--maybe we just stopped reading them due to circumstance--but I suspect that had they been truly stellar we would've continued anyway.

You know, this is a bit more of a stretch--as I didn't think that the later books were weak at all from what I remember--but I think it could be argued that The Series of Unfortunate Events fell into this pattern somewhat as well.  Up until the last couple volumes the series was amazing, but I remember *The End* being a bit disappointing and not nearly as spellbinding as its predecessors.

The Alex Rider series stopped holding any interest for me after *Eagle Strike*.  I haven't the faintest idea why as I don't remember that series very well.

I wonder, OP, if something about this is somehow *inherent* to YA fiction.  Perhaps it's a microcosm of our loss of childhood innocence in contemporary society itself as reflected in many interconnected ways--the reader as having shifting tastes as they mature that fall out of sync with the tropes of YA, the loss of the innocent wonder of the characters as it (d)evolves into the suspense, drama and simultaneously more pronounced, sharper and simpler inner conflicts of adolescence, and maybe even the loss of the innocence of the author, in a sense (:P phonetic wordplay is fun!), as they grow weary of their long-developed characters and must face the challenges of writing them into older versions of themselves as originally conceived facing more arduous and complex dilemmas in their journey towards adulthood.  Even when reading YA as adults in an adult mindset, I think this can happen, as we relive that cycle in a particular way.  Another more limited, less profound speculation might be simply that most YA authors seem to lack the skills necessary to adapt their characters as they grow up, losing stamina for whatever reason, maybe because if they wanted to write more conspicuously 'adult' characters and were good at it, they would've gone directly into writing 'adult' fiction in the first place.

I have a strong feeling that the best YA series that wouldn't fall into this pattern would be those that don't as closely follow the archetypal, strictly linear 'coming-of-age' narrative, because I suspect those that do are in several ways bound to be weaker towards the end.  I for one would really like to see more YA that subverts that in more original ways.  It's part of why much of YA overall, particularly that geared towards older teens, bores me.  There's a tendency to end up with something that's awkwardly trying to deal with the themes of adult literature without having characters as interesting or developed and lacking the nuance of actual 'grown-up' fiction.  Writing this adolescent phase of characters within the coming-of-age trope is hard to do, and I think a lot of authors frankly just lack the ability to do it well.

I'm sure many disagree with me, but I think it's pretty telling that even the strongest YA series (Harry Potter, Series of Unfortunate Events) sustain the 'magic'/initial glimmer almost all the way up until the very end, but still in subtle ways arguably end up reflecting this arc of quality too.

But yes, I've noticed this a bunch also.  There are *many* series in which I read only the first book, liked it, but had no desire to continue.  With certain ones I remember thinking "...why is this even a series?"  So another reason/explanation for this may also just be the sheer financial/marketing motive of The Series format, that adds an unnecessary pressure to serialize everything and draw stories out past their interesting points.
The Eragon series was like that for me. By the time book 4 came out I was a bit older and had lost all interest in the story. Never finished the Alex Rider series either. Aside from that, there are a few books I've intentionally read as a stand-alones even though they were in a series, such as Ender's Game.
I'm gonna get so much hate for this but the last 3 or 4 discworld novels by Terry Pratchett were a chore rather than a pleasure. I couldn't even finish Raising Steam. The writing style was almost unrecognisable as Terry. 
Artemis Fowl, i'm sure that the quality hasn't dropped but by the time I started high school I "grew out" of them
*Ender's Game*, definitely. First two books were outstanding, starting trailing off starting with the third. I was done with it after reading *Children of the Mind*.
Divergent for me. I'm in love with the first book, but the rest can go to hell.
can i submit "a series of unfortunate events"? the premise, the style of writing, the characters were just so promising, but snicket just did not know hoe to make a satisfactory conclusion to the series. he wanted to pile up mystery on mystery but without knowing where it will all lead.
Am I the only one who got beyond page 1000 of the *Lord of the Rings* [one-volume edition](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Lord_of_the_Rings#/media/File:First_Single_Volume_Edition_of_The_Lord_of_the_Rings.gif), but didn't actually reach the end?

It was a long time ago now....
The Sue Grafton Alphabet Mystery Series.

I loved it at first. Then she switched to this split format where chapters alternate about the PI Kinsey Millhone versus a chapter about the killer's point of view.

I read all through to U is for Undertow and I stopped. I like old fashioned stories like the earlier books. She is up to X now.

It happened to me with A Wrinkle in Time. I liked the first book. The 2nd one was okay but stretched out too much, and the 3rd one was boring me and was hard for me to finish. The other 2 I never started (Many Waters and An Acceptable Time)
The Raven's Shadow series by Anthony Ryan. Blood Song was legitimately one of the best books I've ever read. Book two ... was a fucking mess. He went from a single POV with a strong narrative to 5 million POV with no coherent story. It's like they weren't even written by the same person and it broke my heart. I didn't bother with book 3.
Stephen R. Donaldson's Thomas Covenant series. 

The first three - pretty good. 

Second three - eh. 

The final four - oh my god what is happening. 
I have two:

* Kim Stanley Robinson's Mars Trilogy. Absolutely stellar first book (I'd almost call it speculative *political* fiction) but I could only get halfway through the third book before I quit.

* Dune (I'm going to get so much hate...) Again the first is a damn masterpiece, but I just couldn't get through Children of Dune.
Dresden files. I've read all of them and I stopped caring by about book seven. Idk if Butcher would benefit from having more time between books but the world of Harry Dresden seems very shallow and low-risk. 

Mistborn. *spoilerish* I stopped reading with about 70ish pages left in book 3. Vin explaining why someone shouldn't have killed someone else because now she has nothing left and is gonna whoop ass was the expositional cream of the crap. I enjoyed the first book but the rest did not live up and I especially disliked how allomancy worked through text. Pushing, pulling, keeping track of metal levels, flaring blah blah blah.


As a YA author, some YA acquisitions editors really like to buy series, when the idea was perhaps better for a single pithy book. 
Sword of Truth. It basically started to repeat itself ove and over again.
Terry Goodkind's series...Wizard's First Rule was fun and had signs of originality.  Next 2 were ok too.  Then it was just complete and utter bullshit.  Painful.  49 pages of diatribe about something or other, then 1 page of plot.
Deborah Harkness, The All Souls Trilogy. The first 2 books were great and realistic, in a world where nobody believes in witches and vampires and they suddenly appear in the life of a scholar, they treat the subject with the expected amount of skepticism, and in the third book suddenly the protagonist is travelling through time and has a familiar and is pregnant with a vampires baby... I couldn't get 100 pages into the book, it was really a disappointing turn. 

Did anyone else have a similar experience with the Deborah Harkness books? 
I can absolutely see this! I only included him cause I was trying to think strictly YA, and most of my young - adult reading was Tamora pierce and then a big jump to epic fantasy (starting with pierce Anthony and Anne McCaffery, then into Terry goodkind, Robert jordan, Jacqueline carey, sanderson, martin, etc....) so it wasn't exactly "young adult". If I was going to add to this list I'd add earnest cline (armada and ready player one), and a few others I can't name off the top of my head. I'm a huge fantasy lover but I've been reading and re-reading for so long, I can't remember what is and isn't "YA". 
The Jessica Darling series by Megan McCafferty. I enjoyed the first few books, but slowly it became less about Jessica the interesting character and more about her never shutting up about Marcus the not-that-great guy, and I didn't even bother with the fifth book at all.
Seveneves
His Dark Materials. First book was great, a fun adventure full of imaginative characters and places. Second book was still good, but less fun. Third book was meh, with some ok parts and a lot of parts that were an absolute slog. It also became extremely heavy handed and some really unsatisfying character endings.
Has anybody said Artemis Fowl yet? Because I found it to be godawful towards the end. 

The Charlie Bone series was another that I just let go of.

I'm really surprised about all the Tamora Pierce love though, she was one of my favorite authors growing up and I feel like nobody's heard of her except online. 
The first Revelation Space book was so good but after the weak follow up books, I'm done with Alastair Reynolds.
This was very much the case for me with the Anita Blake vampire killer series by Laurell K. Hamilton. It starts out very strong, is great for the first three or four novels, then descends into nothing but pornography. In the later novels there are long scenes (fifty, sixty pages long) of perverted sex, and guess what? It's boring. Even if you skip, skip, skip over the sex, the later novels aren't as good as the early ones. They don't have much in the way of a story. I can't begin to convey to people how great this series is for the first few novels, and how terrible and unreadable it is for the rest of the series.
Not so much a series overall but a bunch of books in the same universe, but Feist's Midkemia really fizzled out until the final 3 books.
The Maisie Dobbs books. I really enjoyed the first few, but they started to get really tedious. The most recent one that came out, I listened to on audio and couldn't believe how insufferable I found the main character to be. Such a bummer because that was a book series that my grandmother and I bonded over when it first came out.
A series of unfortunate events
House of Night.
It started as a really interesting story, but it kept repeating plot lines and the characters never learned from their mistakes.
Definitely the shadow hunters series. I was really into it for the first three books and after that it was like Clare just threw plot elements into a plot and hoped something good would come out.
And now she has like three other versions of the series, it's just too much.
Under the Banner of Heaven. I've started it three times, gotten really interested after the first 30 pages, and then become so uninterested after the next 100 pages that I cannot pick it back up. 
[The Honorverse](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Honorverse) was that way for me. The first book was great and then it just kept getting worse. I think I made it to like book 7? 8? before giving up. 
Honor Harrington series by David Weber.  The suppressed mental grins drove me nuts.
Wayward Pines series is one I can think of. Book 1 was good but had some flaws towards the end, Book 2 was pretty good, but Book 3 was one of the worst I've read this year. I'm sure Blake Crouch realised how short the book was going to be, so he then added a bunch of different PoVs that really didn't add anything new for me that the first two books hadn't done already. Topping it up with the long, drawn out plot of the third book. But wait theres more! Crouch decided to leave us a mother of a cliffhanger.
Doesn't really have a name but lets call them the Dark Heaven novels by Kylie Chan.  Seem'd amazing at first but after you learn about the author, you begin to realize that the book is almost a fantasized version of her own adventures in china.  Lets not mention the main character having sex with a giant, grotesque turtle that's actually a god.
A Wrinkle in Time is great, so I often pretend the other books in the series don't exist because they're so much weaker.
[removed]
ASOIAF
The hunger games. Mockingjay is worthy to be disowned if you ask me. Twice the size of the first book, and a quarter of the quality as far as character development and plot. You get to the point where the shock deaths no longer shock you, and you're just pissed off that Collins apparently forgot how to write. 

Edit: and they made that one TWO MOVIES.  That made things worse!!
The first book in Uglies was so good! At the time, the plot was completely different from anything else I had ever read and the premise was awesome. I own all 4 books but only could get through 2 and a half.

Divergent also started out well. At the time, dystopian novels were becoming more popular and showing up everywhere. I was able to force myself to finish the series with the hope that it would pick up (the middle novel in a trilogy never seems to be as good as the first and third books in any trilogy I've read) and just ended up disappointed. Again, the premise and the first book were great, but the subsequent books just didn't hold up. 

I also couldn't get past book 6 of A Series of Unfortunate Events because each book was basically a clone of the last in a different setting. The new Netflix series does look promising so I'm willing to give that a chance. 
Is there a way to break the spine? I know it sounds terrible, but sometimes with too large books you can just bend them until the spine breaks and it will lay open. 
I have this problem with some music books and use clothes pins to keep the pages open. Maybe a used music stand and clothes pins will work for you.  
I prop them up against Rodents Of Unusual Size.
That's one reason why I prefer ebooks. But when I have to read an awkwardly shaped book, I sometimes lay something heavy against the pages to keep them open if I'm trying to do something else with my hands. My phone works well.
Using a book stand is a game changer for textbooks. (Search for "wooden book stand" or similar). It props up big heavy books at a more natural viewing angle so that half the text isn't twice as far away and you have to crane over your desk to see. It also reduces the footprint on the desk so that there's more room to put your notebook. Makes the reading experience much more enjoyable.
They do that so you'll break the spine and make it worthless in the secondary market.  Saves them from shuffling two chapters and calling it a new edition.
Buy a Kindle! 
When I'm lazy I take pictures on my phone 
Try finding it in a different format.


Or cut the pages out and glue them into a larger blank book.
If I cannot hold it comfortably I use a table or flat surface. Or my knees for a text book. But when sitting I still hold a 1250 page Shakespeare anthology in my lap, so no problems yet. 
Fairly sure this just reads as you think you're smarter than everyone else.

You're not.

Next time you want to be smug, at least have the decency to not use a book that's 500 pages too long and filled with one dimensional characters spouting long orations throughout an idiotic plot line. Yes, I've read it. It sucks ass.
Considering OPs post and comment history as part of evaluating what's being asked... and considering the implicit bias inherent in prejudging a group of people who might not choose to read what OP is suggesting for what are assumably their own perfectly valid reasons... why not just state your judgement of the aforementioned "millenials" rather than phrase it as a question?
I'm no consistent user of r/books, but isn't this a violation of rule 2?: "Please use a civil tone and assume good faith when entering a conversation."
 This guy is obviously trying to get a rise out of people.
Do millennials have enough patience to tolerate total idiocy and piss poor writing?
I've read it. Could you have the respect, or at least the civility, to not treat me as your inferior? Then maybe we can continue this discussion. Thanks
>Having the patience to read, and I mean really read in-depth, a philosophical novel of roughly 1,000 pages 

I thought we were talking about atlas shrugged?
I'm 53 and I say that your comment is complete bullshit. You are obviously overcompensating for some personal flaw and feel that by oozing pomposity those around you will admire you. They won't. 
"[A]t first, I was happy to be learning how to read. It seemed exciting and magical. But then I read this: Atlas Shrugged, by Ayn Rand. I read every last word of this garbage, and because of this piece of ****, I'm never reading again!"

-Officer Barbrady, a non-millenial character written by two Gen X-ers.
Don't blame short attention spans for people not wanting to read ham fisted crap.

They burn through the Wheel of Time or Game of Thrones and a lot still even read the Bible, which has some interesting stories, especially compared to AS.
We read the Decameron for fun. What's a thousand pages of Ayn Rand?
If I wanted to read something so poorly written, smuggish, hypocritical, misinformed, and boring Ill just go to brietbart instead.
Do baby boomers have enough humility to admit that millennials are not the caricatures they describe them as? 
If you got it I'm sure some if them will.
Ayn Rand was a drug addled, amoral sociopath.  The people comprising the Aryn Rand institute (publishing her books) are idiots.  They collect donations and then give away her books at colleges hoping to trick younger people in to embracing Objectivism.  

Objectivism literally taught that it's immoral to help or love others without personally benefiting from it. That altruism is evil. That humans should not work for others and if they do, they are making themselves sacrificial objects. Placing the love for anything above ones self is immoral.  If a person is weak they do not deserve to be loved. She spoke out against majority voting.  She preached that the government has no right to tax the people and therefore provide any service to the people including unemployment benefits or social security.  She was against all forms of government regulation.  

She claimed she was bringing a "new morality" upon the world.  

She argued that smoking was harmless and that claims to the contrary were propaganda.  When she developed cancer she didn't have money for the treatment so in a complete reversal, she had the government pay for her treatment.  

Jesus, what a fucked up philosophy and why would anyone promote such disgusting trash.  
It sucks. As far as long books that are considered difficult, I much preferred Beowulf. Reading the original Old English along with it was a great addition.

Sincerely,

23 year old finishing 2 degrees simultaneously, who has read both for discussion based classes. As in, if you don't read the books assigned and aren't able to have an intelligent discussion about it, you fail
what if i told u there was a better use for my time
90's baby currently plowing through war and peace. We read long books, but only if they don't suck.
I've read it. I am a millennial. I hated it. Preferred Infinite Jest. 
That book is largely derided and seen by many in book communities as claptrap, flawed,silly nonsense. The smug attitude because you read the book (did you though? Really? And you liked? It's all so...obvious... like a board book for the trickle down economics class) is mostly embarrassing. Grow up and participate better.
I think the real question is - why would anyone WANT to read Atlas Shrugged? Would it enrich your life in any way? Reading's not supposed to be an endurance test. If you're not enjoying it and you're not learning anything from it you will ever use then why bother? 
Atlas Shrugs, or Why Being A Selfish Asshole Is Justified.
You seem like the type of person to complain about the younger generations work ethic, while voting to fuck over the younger generation at every possible turn.
I feel bad for you OP, that you want to feel better than everyone else.
I'd rather wait for it to come out in Netflix 
I am over 40 - I have the patience to read anything (and have over the years).

There are many in-depth, philosophical novels of more substance that I'm sure millennials read.

You talk about patience - try the Malazan books, I know millennials read them - and IMO, that is the epitome of patience.

I don't know what "generation" your from - but I think you need to stop generalizing and actually talk to individuals...  especially if you want to continue on Reddit - I found out fairly quickly I was old on this site.
I tried and it wasn't due to boredom that I stopped. It was because Ayn Rand is a disgusting excuse for a human being and her philosophy is disgusting and offensive. 
Also, the way you're targeting millennials here is a little bit offensive. Ugh. I fucking hate old people.
Millennials ruin everything!
Why would they want to?
How 2 Read Atlas Shrugged

1) Take hammer

2) Smash repeatedly into frontal lobe.

3) Hopefully you will have damaged your own thinking processes enough to read Atlas Shrugged.
If it's a series of tweets, sure.
> Do Millenials Have Enough Attention Span to Read ATLAS SHRUGGED?

Yes. They just don't normally care for the capitalist version of 50 Shades of Grey.
I read it and I wish I hadn't.
At least a handful in my capitalism class last year?
Well, as a millennial, last week I thought I might read it before I picked it up and saw that it had an immense amount of pages, with what seemed like 8pt font bible text. Immediately dropped that sucker with a "nope"
Some of you went *way* overboard here. We get it. You folks don't like Ayn Rand. We don't need to hear about it every chance you get. This clueless post should have died without a single comment.
It's really weird how full of bile people are over Ayn Rand and even weirder how eager they are to philosophy-dick-sword-fight over her shit. It's bizarre how little y'all seem to understand how much it vindicates her arguments.
**Well, I guess my question got answered.**


When I was in school (ICSE board) we were taught a Shakespeare play and a book that was a collection of short stories that was a collection of some great, classic short stories. I thought that was fun. I read Harry Potter for fun anyway. Not sure how I think about schools teaching these books. 
My 10th grade English teacher taught The Hobbit. He made it into a two or three month course, and in that time, I learned the most about literature that I think I ever had. I feel like a lot of people disregard these books when it comes to literary merit, but they're wonderful classics that I believe should have a place in the classroom. 
I think The Hobbit is a good choice. It has some good thematic elements, with excellent storytelling. What with Bilbo going on an epic quest, growing as a person, overcoming greed, etc. Examining Tolkien's writing can really show you how create an engaging story. I'm not sure about Harry Potter. I absolutely love the books and I don't think I'm capable of doing a better job than Rowling, but something about presenting them in a classroom doesn't sit right with me. I guess as long as it isn't presented as a classic work, it'll be a good example of successful creative writing.
I think the Hobbit is an excellent choice.
For anyone confused, these books won't be for the ICSE board exams (the 10th race final exams). Middle school kids (grades 6-8) will be. 
I remember being taught/studying The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings in school. It's a good example of fantasy literature for kids to learn from. Harry Potter, though... I enjoy Harry Potter, but the writing is pretty, well, *basic*. It's not really challenging whatsoever, which I think is probably at least somewhat necessary for it to be useful to *learn* from.
" Turn to page 394........ seriously"
While it's good that kids are being given books they can enjoy, I don't know if these books will particularly broaden any horizons or have much worthy of study in them (which is not a comment on their quality).
We had hobbit in school 20 years ago in Poland
Just to note guys, this is not in the UK / US but India. So the English they're learning will be their 2nd language, I agree learning classical literature is more important at that level but as a secondary language I think it's absolutely fine to be teaching Harry Potter and/or the Hobbit
Much better than reading about some ancient crap that children cannot relate to. It can help them analyze and discuss writing critically, instead of blindly reading some classical stories that are frankly not so great either.
This will probably ruin one of the best children's books, by forcing kids to read it 
How old are these kids? I remember reading the first Harry Potter in school when I was in elementary. The books were still new and a huge hit at the time so most kids were reading them anyway. I think it is a great way to get kids interested in reading. We would talk about the book and solve simple tasks about it to practice reading comprehension. I don't think I would have been as interested if it was a random collection short stories
And I just finished my ICSE exams.

Well sounds good I guess, people should also figure out modern literature as well.
I think this is great, my personal experience in schools right now where my English class is quite advanced, is that reading should be for enjoyment because a year is too short and most kids are too uninformed to be discussing the nuances of what makes a good book. Children need to be gotten into reading so that they can develop those skills over time, not be expected to have those skills while reading books they don't understand, like Shakespeare.

Just for clarity, my school has had gr 8's reading The Hobbit for a long time already, and I am not from the US or UK. 
It wasn't the trash* that got shoved down my throat in school that gave me a lifetime love of reading, it was Harry Potter. I actually got forced to read the first book as a punishment for something THAT TOTALLY WASN'T MY FAULT!, and I was hooked straight away.  

From a critical point of view, I think there's a lot that can be learned from Harry Potter. The way JK Rowling's writing ability improves as the series goes on is something that has always fascinated me, as a would-be writer.   

*Not counting Kensuke's Kingdom by Micheal Murpurgo, which I was forced to read in school and loved so much, it was the first book I bought with my own money. 
I remember that we read The Hobbit in my freshman year of high school, in world lit. I also went to a boarding school, so I assume that wasn't the norm. I remember loving it and being way more into reading something like that, than when we read Romeo and Juliet. Snoooooore.
Meanwhile back in 2006 there were Harry Potter book burnings because of teaching and witchcraft to children. At least we've moved past that hurtle 
What a time to be alive
Good job, India. 
Good. I think it's high time that literary snobs get a kick in the butt. The problem with literature is the same as in many other academic arenas - the peoples' opinions that 'matter' are scholars, who are so steeped (dare I say indoctrinated?) by the time they achieve their higher degrees that of course they're going to spit out the same old rhetoric. It's the classic self-reinforcing feedback loop.

Okay, it's one thing if it's a Literature class, but most literary books were assigned in English classes (speaking as an American).  Kids should be exposed to all types of books, not just ones that people think of literary value. 
Here in CBSE board we had to read  "The invisible man" and "canterville ghost". I hated them so much. 
Tbh, the only good thing indian schools have come up with.
As a CBSE student once, i always knew the ICSE to be better
The surest way to suck the joy out of reading genre books is to assign them as homework. But this is me speaking from my American school experience. Kids in India may have a really different impression about this. Overall it sounds cool in theory. 
Well, I don't think either of them are stunning examples of the language, but that's not really a problem. It's easy to get kids to read them and the flaws are things that can be discussed, so it seems like a good idea to me. 
As a child I'd rather have read these books than the shakespeare and other "classic" books that I was forced to read. I had no interest in school books but other more modern books I enjoyed. Its time the teachers got their asses kicked and were forced to update the material instead of relying on material the've inherited from previous teachers. 
We read the hobbit when we were in 7th grade (12-13yrs old) at my school. In 6th grade we had to read a certain amount of "points" and it was worth part of our grade. Our teacher had a massive amount of books that were all worth a different amount of points based on complexity and length. You then took a quiz and got the points by passing. The first 4 Harry Potter books were available at the time so most people read those. 
My 4th grade teacher taught The Hobbit. However, I was in a class who's reading comprehension level was higher than most in the district. It created a real interest in reading for me. 

That same year we also did A Midsummers' Nights Dream, and Hamlet. Which, even at that age I adored. So I'm still all for teaching Shakespeare, but maybe not in spades as it seems to have a tendency to discourage the many.

I think the most important thing is to ensure that the age limits are set appropriately based on the majority of students, and I think they have done that here.

Sorry about formatting!
Most of us British kids read Of Mice and Men. 
First book I ever read in English was Harry Potter. It influenced me so much back then; now I'm an avid reader. I think reading that book when I did ( I was 12 ) changed my life. It developed a deep yearning for reading in me. I love that they've now incorporated this into the curriculum itself.
Well those books will be ruined for future generations.
While I think it's fine (and preferable) to use pop fiction to engage readers at lower levels, and both Potter and The Hobbit are rife with allusions and things to analyze in-depth, I wouldn't expect them to engage anyone who hasn't already found fantasy literature and I would expect the compulsory reading of such books to turn off a large swath of students little differently than compulsory readings of any other "great book."
Only books I remeber reading in school were "The Giver" "The Wave" "Enders game" and "the Great Gatsby" loved every single one 
I'm confused. How do you teach fiction books?
Reading them isn't the same as teaching.

Never mind the rediculousness of Harry Potter being on any ciriculum.
Having mandated reading always took out the fun for me and I never really analyzed them. When I had to read catcher in the rye I didn't bother to look at the subtleties of it because it felt like a chore so I'm worried about something like Harry Potter being introduced to the classroom.
Huh, I remember in my Grade 11 and 12 ISC I had Wuthering Heights, Twelfth Night and random book of Poetry......kids these days XD
I freaking fucking read Julius Caesar and Macbeth for my school time. On top of that it was in old English. 
The key in teaching youths Shakespeare is picking the fun ones.
I know Harry Potter was used in general English classes in high school in the Netherlands (I did a different programme). I think they had to read the 7th book in English, which for a second language subject I think is fine. They also had to read the Merchant of Venice and some Bill Bryson so at least there was some variety.
Harry Potter works as a book for kids to read in school because it reads like it was written by someone in the second grade. Letting them read the series is a great way to expose kids to a story in language they can understand. Rowling's vocabulary is childlike so they could probably give them any of her work and it would be easy for them.
Lucky students!
But the thing about all the "classics" is that they're terrible. I consider myself a pretty good literature guy, made it to the regional spelling bee three times, but I just hate the classics. Harry Potter is where it's at.
Great books. may not be very educational, but at least it teaches kids to enjoy reading.
I think this is good in every way. I mean who's really gonna be benefited from an ancient form of English? It'd also be easier for the children especially when most children who have watched the film or read the book before hand. I studied ICSE and I found it lame studying these Shakespeare plays.
I love the Hobbit!  I don't think Harry Potter is so great for teaching...
The Hobbit book is so good, and the movie so awful. Why use art from the movie? Put a bad taste in my mouth before I read the title and saw what sub this is
ib4 hari running in corridor shouting patronoum charms swining his wand.
[deleted]
I think that the Hobbit is a good choice there's a lot to learn from that in terms of establishing the "fantasy" genre, religious symbolism, religious and mythological allegory, and you can connect it to the history of European folklore that Tolkien was kind of organizing and translating the cannon for. 

I am a little uneasy about Harry Potter being taught - I enjoyed it when I read it as a kid, and I do think there's some literary value to it in terms of "children's literature" but I don't think the first one is particularly complex and I don't see how you could teach later books as standalone novels. There's more to read into in later books as they become more about the "wizarding war" and there are elements of state corruption, some ideas about death, etc, but I can't see how you can take the first one beyond a loose "Heroes Journey" and a vague post-WWII allegory.

edit: I think these would be more useful lower down the school, sort of 11 - 13 range, at GCSE I really felt I needed challenging by some of the books. I read a lot of Sherlock Holmes for my GCSEs and I really didn't find that much to analyze. Lord of The Flies however had lots of layers to it and you could really dig in, so I'm definitely not making a case for old=good newer=bad.
I still think Shakespeare should be taught because that's the only way to get children read some literature. And we all suffered they should too!
Damn these lucky ones !!
Im from the Bible Belt and this would not fly. Often I had teachers read Harry Potter to us, yet was a story time and never broke it down into literary content like we would with Shakespeare and classics like the Great Gatsby and One flew over a cuckoos nest. Truthfully, I don't understand how they would be taught in a literature coarse 
So dumb. No surprise, they worshipped the British as their God for a long time.
[deleted]
As if digital entertainment isn't also storytelling. 
It doesn't make sense that digital technology would have arisen at the exact same time in history as our supposed evolutionary switch as a pure coincidence. Much more likely we are adapting to the changing of technological innovation.
> one fact is indisputable: whatever the figures for books sales (either in print or digital form), reading for pleasure has been in serious decline for over a decade

[I dispute that](http://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2012/04/the-next-time-someone-says-the-internet-killed-reading-books-show-them-this-chart/255572/).  When I was in high school in the mid 90s, pretty much nobody I knew read for pleasure, and I was in the chess club.  Today it would be odd to hear a kid say that he hasn't read *Harry Potter*.  Kids know what books are, and they're willing to sit through doorstoppers like *Order of the Phoenix*, they just have more options.  

Television in particular has improved in the last thirty years.  A show like *Mad Men* or *Breaking Bad* could never had made it in the three-network era.  Anything too controversial or demanding would alienate viewers, so the networks played it safe with simple and predictable programming.  I agree with the author that television can't engage our visual and spatial imagination like text or audio do, but I think it's a bit silly to suggest that TV shows aren't stories when those shows are increasingly reliant on season-long story arcs.  
Evolution doesn't happen suddenly because technology changes how some read. So no, humans are not evolving beyond the need to tell stories.
> They already know where the food is

I disagree. People have instant access to factual information but other information still has a need to be explained through stories. There are some things that can only be taught by living life, or taught by reading stories (as a sort of way to simulate living life). Stories give greater understanding than just being presented with the information in a simple form.
I think Will Self's entire oeuvre is about how nobody buys his books. 
Maybe the books which students are often required to read in U.S. schools are seemingly too boring to foster peoples' interests in reading books. I remember having to read having to read "The Old Man and the Sea" in seventh grade reading class... It was a yawn fest. I suspect that if the teacher did not have seemingly endless amounts of coffee then he too would have been yawning with the same frequency the students were yawning at. I was totally put off by books until that same seventh grade teacher made me read a mystery book ("The Body of Christopher Creed"). That was pretty much my first mystery book I had read at that point, and it sparked some interest into me into the mystery genre. Up to that point in time I had been basically conditioned to dislike reading. 

From the latter sentence in the previous paragraph a though arises... Maybe parents are readingt less to their children? If I have children at some point, I will likely read the Discworld series to them to hopefully foster their interest in reading. Hard to go wrong with the Discworld series.

By typing "too boring" I do not mean to imply that the books which students are often required read to in middle school and high school are "bad" books. For example, "The Iliad and the Odyssey" by Homer can be a bit boring of a read at some points in the stories, but I think the writing possesses many "good" qualities. 
Nope. We are now just telling stories through different mediums, namely digital ones.
Will Self is also just mad nobody will read his intolerable high modernist novels, and for some reason seems to believe that Ulysses was a bestseller in the "golden days of reading" in the 30s/40s.  In reality, he thinks the novel is dead because his novels are dead on arrival.  He's disconnected from the common man.
Will Self posits humans are "evolving" so as to leave tales behind?  That's a cock-and-bull story.
Fahrenheit 451
We are not "evolving" out of books nor has any kind of change to our brains taken place in our genes.  And likely never will.


Books are a creation, we can look back to writing on the walls of caves to see some of their first forms. At heart the purpose of the book is to contain information to pass on or to hold for later reference. This has shifted humans from needing to have stronger memories to needed to have stronger reaction times/etc. since we didn't need memory as much. Now, with technology, we don't need the book, the cave wall is now the monitor. The book was merely a step. They will soon die off as we learn to depend on computers (google) to "be our brain" (as we realize education has little value in a world of universal Google).

We no longer have the need to contain information, so we are learning and improving our processing of stimulation. 
What if it's aliens?
It's due to laziness. Simple as that. People consider reading a chore these days.
Why use a hammer when a drill gets it done in a 4th of the time?
Technology is catching up to our desire to consume, we just need better ways to interface with it.
Like VR
I wouldn't think your average black Friday shopper would be out looking for books. 
Around here at least many stores are doing sales tomorrow for "Small Business Saturday" including my local book store so that's cool. 

Side note: went to Target and GAP around noon and it was pretty tame. I'm on sick leave from work (retail mall store) and my co worker said it's a shit show so I'm glad I missed that 
Worth mentioning that I work at a bookstore and we had Black Friday sales today and it was *bananas*. We had $15 new releases and 2016 best sellers (rather than their usual $28-$35), 50% of all boxed sets, 30% off all mass market paperbacks, and 25% off all kids books. People went crazy for it. Busiest day of the year (as it is for many businesses) and a huge success. 

So yes, some bookstores run Black Friday promotions, and yes, people are out looking for books on Black Friday. 
Brilliant.
If the UK doesn't celebrate US Thanksgiving, how is Black Friday a thing?  Do retailers just arbitrarily\* say "today's the beginning of shopping season"?

\* Though it's all arbitrary if you think about it.  
Stupid.
The whole weekend is just chaos. I'm just going to sequester myself with a book while the madness goes down, and I'll do my book shopping some other time.
Good for them
Reminds me of the etymology of the word "barbarian."
Black Friday sales are terrible to non-existent for books so this seems like a good idea.
A very good idea. Speaking as someone who's worked retail and seen how overzealous people can be, shoppers are almost always looking for good electronics/home media deals, not books. Separating book sales into a pseudo-holiday of its own will give much more attention to bookstores in general.
Are they gonna close on Friday? When I was in school and the Thanksgiving weekend was the first break of the semester I would head out to the bookstore on Saturday and it looked like a tornado had hit. And *still* busy-busy. Not really civilized trying to browse amidst all the devastation.
I'll have to camp out in front of the store and offer people hot beverages!
I hate shopping on Black Friday, because I don't really chase discounts as a rule. The only shopping I ever do is stuff I really need, and it's a huge pain in the ass to have to wade through crowds of people. I wish there was some kind of express line for people who are more than willing to pay full price for something.
Bookstores can't compete, don't participate in black Friday, market it as letting their employees have the day off. 
Buy things, spend money then die.
Support independent bookshops.
I just got Pedro Paramo, Charlie the Choo-Choo: From the world of The Dark Tower & Mother Night all new editions for $23.28.  I did the math, and without the free shipping & $10 dollar discount code, my total would have been $27.00 (and that would have been all used books).
I buy my books used for .60 cents on Amazon tbh
well i am not a gynecologist, but i will bet my money on john clark
I'd bet on John Clark all day. If there are any doubts just read Without Remorse. 
I feel like this is r/whowouldwin 


John Clark if guns are involved and he manages to get the element of surprise. 


Reacher if its a straight up brawl. 
John Clark fucks him up all day. Then let's Chavez finish Reacher off. 
If it gets to hand to hand combat? Jack Reacher, but John Clark is good at not letting it get to that point.
Jack Reacharound
Does not matter. Lee Child is the better writer.
You really need to put a Spoiler tag on this post.
This was the first book I read by Graham Greene--loved the humor in it. The Heart of the Matter is next on my list!
This book got me into Graham Greene, and I do like it a lot, but The Power and the Glory is my favorite so far.
66 Batman and 77 wonderwoman,they just making the Superfriends comics again.
I didn't even know I wanted this.
They oughta do a sequal to return of the caped crusaders and have linda carter pop in as wonderwoman. 
A friend and I used to read a book before sharing leave each other notes throughout the book. It was a lot of fun. I like to think it would make a good gift. 
>If the comments were funny or informative, or even just plain notes, it could add to the reading experience.

Only semi-related, but if I may suggest you a book: take a look at S. by Doug Dorst and J.J. Abrams if you haven't already. It's a novel that has a second (and third) layer of story that is being told through notes, writings, and items like letters, postcards and photos added to it by two characters who did a book exchange and swapped it back and forth while always adding new stuff. It's all fictional of course, but it really feels like it could be real, especially because the novel looks like it's very old, the comments are in handwriting, and all the gimmicks are really well done.

[Example page](http://imgur.com/MaJPHpV).

Very cool concept and definitely something different. I absolutely enjoyed it because I also love reading other people's notes in old books.
[This book](https://www.theguardian.com/education/2001/jun/23/artsandhumanities.highereducation1) may interest you. I like the idea of sending someone a copy of a book with your thoughts and notes in it.
I always hope that the used books I get actually have notes in them too. I actually have quite a few books that are normally assigned in high school that have notes in them. The notes are pretty much all general analysis that you would expect getting in a class. I've written in a few books myself but they're mostly random comments and jokes though. I like the idea of a written in books book swap.
I borrowed "The Diary of Anne Frank" from the library, and two different note writers had conducted an extensive argument in the margins, one being very critical of Anne, the other defending her actions. It was almost as interesting as the main story.
Buying old, written in diaries and reading them is fun.
No. Hell no. Absolutely f'ing no. I don't write in my own books, and I sure as hell don't want somebody else's scribblings in something I'm buying.
I'd be down. I read a lot of fiction.
I'd definitely be down for that. I never used to write in the margins of my books, but college completely broke me of that habit. Now it's kind of fun to read what other people thought of the book, especially if their comments are sassy.
I like when they're in mathematics texts. I was reading Euclid's Elements and they were all over my copy, I would laugh at how ridiculously stupid some of them were.
I hate it, specially when the quotes it's about obvious stuff like "X character goes to Y place"...
Comments in the margins are nice in really old books, but I love inscriptions. I have an old cookbook that has the name of the owner, her address, and the date (1914) pencilled in on the first page. It's nice to be able to really feel a connection with a past reader or book owner. 
I do not mind buying books annotated by someone else as long as the handwriting isn't terrible (which frequently is). In fact nowadays I buy only used books. But I don't write on my own books and I hate it when someone borrows a book from me and writes on it.
You should read S. by Doug Dorst and JJ Abrams. Half of the story is told through hand written notes in the margins that two strangers are writing to each other. 
I've actually recently discovered the whole annotated books thing and have been trying to find some old books with writing in it that I could purchase. I think it's a really cool idea to see someone else's thoughts on the book! I'd definitely be down! 
It is my opinion that if you write in or highlight a book, it is now yours forever.
As a rule, I don't purchase books (used or otherwise) if I find writing throughout the pages. I had a signed biography that I found at a thrift store that had a signature from the author... along with a long rant from the former owner about how her death was an injustice, going into way too much detail about her fading medical condition and religion.

I've found other books (usually Penguin Classics or Shakespeare-related works) that have scribblings and notes peppered throughout. Once it's at that point, the book is usually in too poor a condition to buy, IMO.

The one caveat I have is if I buy a book that has some sort of supporting documentation (press releases, news clippings, Christmas cards, etc.) tucked in with a book. At that point, I keep it as a set.
I read Siddartha in 7th grade and it completely altered the course of my life for the better.
I started reading Harry Potter when I was 11. Last book came out when I was 20. Close to the same ages he was in the books (11-18). We grew up together.
It seemed that everything I read at the age of 18 was right. I'd been a great reader of one particular genre before that, and suddenly a Literature teacher pointed me in a new direction.... My favourites were Kafka's *The Trial* and *Metamorphosis*, which I decided were the best things ever written. Then I read *Moby Dick*, and my God.
The Perks of Being a Wallflower
Sophomore year in high school, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. Totally changed my outlook on life. 
When I was in second grade, my 'challenge' teacher took me to a local book store and bought me *The Dark is Rising* and *A Wrinkle in Time*.  Perhaps I would have ended up with the same 'reading path' I took, perhaps not, but those were the books that pointed me towards the genres I would read (though my horizons have broadened) my entire life. 
the sirens of titan by kurt v when I was quite a little kid at school. it was definitely a realization of: omg. grown ups are making shit up as they go along too.
I pick up a book called Greek Mythologies when I was an escort and that sent me to collage to become a historian and teacher. I met my husband and stop escorting, graduated, and became a teacher. 
When I start to day dream of my escorting days and dream of going back I pick up a book to teach me things. I don't need to have sex to show I am someone. I am love for who I am. Sure it was fun but a cargo ship of negative came with it. Currently I am reading Peaches over and over again to learn my lesson.. 
One fish two fish red fish blue fish
Philip Pullman's 'His Dark Materials' trilogy.

I think I was about 13 or so when I read them, and in retrospect, I can see what a huge impact they had and continue to have on my worldview. They might have been the books that started me on the path of joyful atheism.
East of Eden.  I was on the verge of moving out of the country to a land where I knew no one and nothing, and finished it about two hours before I got on the plane.  I can't even explain exactly why it was the right thing at the right time, it just perfectly soothed my soul and sent me off into the unknown future with the hope of peace after so much chaos.
Contact by Carl Sagan. Came at the end of a period of moral clarity in my life that he started in the first place.
a million little pieces by james frey. controversy aside, there was something in the "fuck it" attitude that helped me through
Hornblower series. I too am tall, thin, and stricken by malaise. Or I was at the time anyway.
Gravity's Rainbow.  Without trying to sound too pretentious (because I feel like it's hard to skate around that when talking about this book) that shit was like opening the door to a whole new world for me.  Lawd knows I didn't understand about 3/4ths of it, or at least I don't remember it,  but I read it last summer in about 3 weeks right before my senior year at college started, and there's some shit in that shit that I'd never experienced in lit before; dark matter density, unresolved plot lines, allegories that hit like a ton of bricks in the form of an immortal lightbulb and other silly things.  Serious lit that doesn't take itself seriously wasn't anything I'd read before, and I don't know where to go now besides to the rest of his stuff aha. 
The Remains of the Day by Kazuo Ishiguro in my early 20s. The ending was just so heartbreaking and it helped me to be more self-aware of the limitations I imposed on myself. 
Mort- Terry Pratchett
I didn't read much as a kid, but Harry Potter got me into reading. Mort was the book I read after Harry Potter 4 and it was the book which made me realise how brilliant books can be and that there was much more then just Harry potter out there.
Jane Eyre, because I felt I was dealing in some way the same stuff she was dealing with, like finding who you are etc. I could relate to her to the max. 
Murakami's Norwegian Wood. Was the first book I bought after moving out from home to go to university and I read it in the first week living in the dormitory. I picked it at random but I could not have made a better choice.

Made me become a die-hard Murakami fan.
I read the Narnia Chronicles when I was twelve, it taught me to be a better person.
A book called King Dork by Frank Portman. The main character is the smart ass teenager who's super into punk music and way too jaded and cynical for his age, which was pretty much me exactly when I read the book at like 14. The best description I ever saw of it was if Holden Caulfield read Catcher in the Rye, and didn't realize it was about him and fucking hated it. I wasn't the happiest or most popular kid in the world at that time in my life, and having a character to identify with was huge for me back then. 
Demon haunted world by Carl sagan
Tuesday's with Morrie 
*Catch-22*.  I read it when I was eighteen which is a good time to start reading books that question and condemn power structures, bureaucracy, and doing what you're told for the sake of doing what you're told.

Also it made me laugh.  And I'm convinced now that I am going to live forever or die in the attempt.
Siddhartha. 
I read Sheryl Sandberg's "Lean In" right after college and before graduate school. I was skeptical but it turned out to be a really eye-opening and empowering read. As a woman, it changed the way I looked at myself, my successes and my goals. Perfect timing. 
Infinite Jest. Read it between high school and college, on a year after the end of my 6-year depression, and while my father was struggling with alcoholism. Helped me figure a *lot* of things out. 
I would say there were a few of them.

*The Peaceful Warrior* came at a point when I was struggling with my early teenage years.

*A Wizard of Earthsea* set me down a journey when I was exploring the world. Mostly about the journey and how even consequences had benefits. *The Seventh Level* came at the same time, I remember reading it on the floor of the family cabin and realizing there were many terrible things out there. Two were too books that told me failure was always an option and sometimes the best one.

*The Deeds of Paksenarrion* was about the rewards of a painful journey. Interestingly, this is also when I was reading about Buddhism and Wicca and saw some parallels that got integrated into my spiritual view.

*The Mythical Man Month* was another one as I was moving into that phase of my life, as a developer and a manager.
Where The Red Fern Grows, it taught me so much about responsibility, love, dedication, adventure and grief.  I still read it often and it is the go to book that I read to my kids when they have trouble sleeping at night.
Psycho-Cybernetics by Maxwell Maltz when I earned my Bachelor's degree and was looking for a job. 
I read On the Road while on a trip back to SF to see some old friends and sleep on their couches.
A Little Life by Hanya Yanagihara.
mike tysons undisputed. was an eye opener, as much as i cannot come close to the great or the struggles of his life, my personality was twisted in a way very similiar to his in the book and the self discipline and way he channeled his energy was inspirational and put me in a better mindset. i feel when the book hits home, the value of its purchase is completely uncomparable with what it can do to your life, even if its just a weeks worth or motivation or a miniscule tweak in how you do things, the change it creates over time is huge

The Bell Jar
Mothernight by Kurt Vonnegut.

I read it just before finishing school and bought it for my brother when he started his last year. He rang me the other day and said he's been thinking about it a lot lately.

'We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful what we pretend to be.'
As a child, I read everything by Gerald Durrell. A series of books about a man traveling the world capturing exotic wild animals for his private zoo (he was a major conservationist though). These books enriched my imagination, and led to a lifetime of loving animals and travel.

As a lonely teenager, I read Lord Of The Rings and it opened a world of wonder and fantasy that alleviated the numbness and dreariness of my real life.

At the same time period, although not a book, I was lucky enough to catch all the episodes of Monty Python as they came out for the first time on the BBC. Opened my eyes to a world of absurd-ism and laughter, made my life less bleak.

In my late 20s, I read Godel, Escher and Bach. What a great book - philosophy, art, music, mathematics. A book that can open a young person's mind to worlds that might otherwise be overlooked. 

I Claudius got me interested in Ancient Rome.
The Name of the Rose did the same for Medieval Europe.
Doris Lessing's The Golden Notebook as a 19-year-old. 
1984, read it as a high school freshman and it gave me some much needed perspective on my total deference to authority and tradition. 
Infinite Jest.

Not the first time. And not the second time. But the third time. It took me that long to really *ID*, as they say, with what was going on. The secrecy and false faces and addiction and all else.
I had Jitterbug Perfume sitting on my desk for a long time and due to a series of events found it lingering alone waiting for it's spine to be broken. 

Finished it on the plane ride back from Portland after a week with family, and have since become very fond of beets. 
The Witcher series, all of them. I read it when I was 12/13 and then again when I was 15 I think. And both times it was an amazing experience. First time an absolutely new kind of fantasy for me(more realistic than LoTR for example), second time a life changing books that showed me how a world is not just what it seems and not just black and white and that person can be a monster or a hero or none of those best on their choice.
Man's Search for Meaning by Viktor Frankl. Gave me a whole new perspective on life and suffering. 

Also, Siddhartha.
My sister's boyfriend had left a copy of Ringworld at our house and I got stuck into it when I was about ten.  That, and the Chronicles of Thomas Covenant shaped my subsequent reading habits. 
I've had a few that really stand out so i'll go in order
1. The Dirt by Motley Crue, I read it in early high school and something about it made feel a lot more comfortable just being myself
2. This is Gonna Hurt by Nikki Sixx I read this right after high school, for whatever reason I felt really peaceful after reading it and more accepting of others
3. 4. and 5. The Noticer by Andy Andrews, The Travelers Gift by Andy Andrews, and The Warrior of the Light by Paulo Coelho. 
I read those around the same time when I lost a local election I was in. Those 3 books either made me look at serious aspects of my life different, hit me so hard I had tears in my eyes, or make me just set the book down and say "damn"
I read Mervyn Peake's Gormenghast novels just as I was finishing grad school.  I think they saved my imagination and made me see reading as something fun again.
I was going through a rough patch and someone recommended Eckhart Tolle's "The Power of Now" to me. It really helped me gain some distance from my problems and the emotions those problems were generating in my mind.

"The Alchemist" inspired me to pursue a new path without regard to the expectations and limitations placed on me by the people around me and by society in general.
Divergent by Veronica Roth. I read it for the first time right before I went through some shit, and without that story I think it would've ended up a lot worse than it did.
Holes. I was in 5th grade and had never enjoyed reading until someone handed me that book.
I'm a cliche. But the Harry Potter series. I started reading it in fifth grade. I would look at a clock after what seemed like a couple chapters in thirty minutes, and hours and thirty chapters would've passed instead. It made me love reading even more than I already did.
1984 by George Orwell.
Two of them fall into that category for me;

Stephen King's "It". Had my head buried in that book during a 5 day road trip across the country, and I hate reading in cars.

Hyperion by Dan Simmons. Most of his other books I can't even finish, mostly his newer stuff that is. 
First Percy Jackson book. They made us read that in school, and compared to the other books, Percy Jackson was super awesome. Nothing artsy or any social commentary, just a nice, enjoyable adventure. 
The Perks of Being a Wallflower 
It hit me at the perfect time in the perfect spot of life where it was exactly what I needed. I read it over and over. 
Probably Eragon. I read a lot more when I was younger than I do now.
John Dies At The End by David Wong. It just happened to be my type of humor at the time, and also holy shit the plot's really interesting
The Hobbit. Read it in 6th grade and got in trouble at school for reading in class despite the teacher threatening to write me up three times. My entire adoration of high fantasy was spurred on by this book. Still have the copy i read almost 10 years ago. 
"Fahrenheit 451" by Ray Bradbury. I've read that three times, and it was the first novel to get me into science fiction. 

The idea of a people who disregard knowledge for entertainment... very interesting parallels with my own experiences. 
The Name of the Wind
The first two Chronicles of Narnia books. My godfather gifted them to me around noon, and by that evening I had already finishes them.
Heroin Diaries by Nikki Sixx, I was 14 and found it so shocking. I would sneak read it in high school my freshman year.
Goosebumps series in grade school.
I know there was a lot of drama surrounding this one, but *A Million Little Pieces* was a great book. James Frey can write a broken person fantastically. I don't care how much of it actually happened, the story was great. The sequel was good as well. 
As a kid 'maniac magee'. 
I think I read that two dozen times when I was younger.

As an adult, The Stand.  So long and so intense, it was a journey going through that story
Ink Heart
The Bell Jar. I couldn't eat, sleep, move or even look up until I had finished it. 
*Mystic Places* of Mysteries of the Unknown series. Gifted to me by my grandmother in 2000. I was her 10yr old initiate at the time. 

Mysteries of the Unknown is a series of books about the paranormal, published by Time-Life Books from 1987 through 1991. Each book focused on a different topic, such as ghosts, UFOs, psychic powers and dreams.

I thought I was Nick Cage in National Treasure after I read this. It was the beginning of going back to the beginning.

Cover: http://imgur.com/rXelp20
The stand by Stephen king, holy mackerel 
Billions & Billions by Carl Sagan. I was seriously taking the book to work and reading it on my lunch break. Once I got home I would pick up where I left off until I would fall asleep. Incredible book. Highly recommend. 
A Confederacy Of Dunces by John Toole... it's so funny!
**20,000 Leagues under the Sea by Jules Verne** I never wanted it to end!
Roald Dahl's *Charlie and the chocolate factory". I still dream of all that candy. 
Horns by joe hill. It's not my favorite book but when I started reading it I became obsessed with it and the story had such an impact on me that it kinda messed me up for a couple weeks.
Confessions of a dangerous mind
The Walking Drum is a 12th century historical adventure set in Europe and the Middle East by typically pulp western writer Louis L'Amour. I lost a lot of sleep because of it and re-read it on a regular basis. 
GoT was definitely riveting but The Walking Drum was my first "gotta finish it" experience.
Lestat - Anne Rice. I ended up reading most books in this series. Although this probably wasn't the best type of books for a 13 year old kid to read lol
A thousand splendid suns
The Alchemist by Paulo Coehlo. 
In 3rd grade I got my hands on The BFG by Roald Dahl. I always enjoyed reading but that was the earliest book I read that I still have a copy of today. 
A kid's chapter novel called 'No Flying in the House' which was read to us in year 2 at school (so I would have been 6 or 7 years old).

We begged and begged for the teacher to read 'just one more chapter' after the bell rang at the end of the day. I remember the sheer *desperation* of needing to know what happened next.

I still have my copy.  :)
Hmmmm maybe jurassic park? It was the longest book I read at that point in my life. The other one that comes to mind is the outsiders
The Chronicles of Narnia.  I went through the whole series quickly and was bummed out when it was over.
Charles Murray's 1994 The Bell Curve. Had me intrigued. It changed my whole perspective on people, life, and views in general, for the better or for the worse.
Slaughterhouse-5 by Kurt Vonnegut. 
I barely passed geometry because of that book. It was the first book where I never zoned out while reading it, I was consistently engrossed in the novel. 
After the quake, by Haruki Murakami.

I didn't like Harry Potter, by J.K. Rowling when I was a kid. I didn't like Leviathan, by Scott Westerfeld at 18. I picked up After the quake, Haruki Murakami. I finished it the day I bought it unlike the two. Mainly because I think the sentence structure used in the translations is familiar, simple to me. English is not my native language.
It made me read other books from him and eventually started to read from other authors. It's still not a lot tho. welp it's a start.
Some random romance book targeted for teenage girls 

not kidding lol i actually got hooked by it (ofc the next books i've read are far from it)
Sphere by Michael Crichton. The suspense and curiosity completely engrossed me for a day. 
I've always loved reading any and everything I could get my hands on, but absorption happened for me the first time when I was given the Chronicles of Narnia when I was 8. They got me deeply. 
First ever book was Dracula. It was free and I gave it a shot since I like Vampires (and who doesn't know about Dracula!?) I wasn't expecting much, but I was completely absorbed into the book and it finished before I even knew it. It had some slow and drawn out moments, but some parts of the book are defintelty engraved in my mind and I'll never forget it. 

Before this I had read maybe one or two books and thought of that as a chore instead of trying to find enjoyment. Well, Dracula kicked off my love of reading, and after what seems like hundreds of books, I have no intention of stopping.
Believe it or not, for me it was Victor Hugo's "The man who laughs". Biggest book I've ever read, and I'm not an avid reader at all - in fact I'm a very casual, slow reader. To this day I still don't understand what kind of sorcery was in action.
I imagine it was some kids book I can't remember now.

I'm getting old...
High Fidelity by Nick Hornby. I picked it up when I was eleven and just devoured it. I hated reading until I discovered that book. It genuinely changed my life.
I am Number Four by Pittacus Lore, bought it after seeing the film and devoured it. Its now pretty much my favourite series.
Hmmm....well as early as I can actually remember, it was Babysitter's Club books or Boxcar Children books.
Hobbit as a young guy, Lovecraft in college and Shadow of the Wind recently...because of the story involves characters who love books, reading
The Tristan Betrayal by Robert Ludlum 
The talisman by king and straub
The Kite Runner I picked up on my own volition and wow it blew my mind how I enjoyed a book just as much as I hated the antagonist
Hmm, probably The Hatchet by Gary Paulsen. It was one of the first moment I connected to a book's character. Especially felt this after I read Brian's Return.
'Child of God' by Cormac McCarthy. I ordered it with a bunch of McCarthy books and when they arrived in the mail I was so pumped to read one. It's a short one and I finished it that day. I couldn't put it down. It's one of my favourite McCarthy books, and one of my favourites in general.
The Day of the Jackal by Frederick Forsyth. I struggled to enjoy reading until i picked this book at random from the high school library. 
You know you don't have to wait for your teacher to give you a book before you read one, right?
You're asking: "would someone be more likely to read if they liked the subject matter?" 

Regardless of sex I think that's a pretty easy answer.
You do realize not all men and boys are a hive mind who like all the same things
You do realize most classics are written by men, mostly for men, as female literacy is a somewhat recent phenomena, right?

Plenty of classic books are filled with actions, competitions, violence, trials that prove their maturity and masculinity, piety, fate.  If they involved inner journeys, they are symbolically depicted with external actions. Think Heart of Darkness.  Think Hemingway.  Think Homer epics, think Gilgamesh going around picking fights.  Think Count of Monte Cristo.  Think about all the slaughterings in the Bible.  Think Tom Sawyers and HuckFin.  Think Don Quixote fighting windmills.  Think Arabian nights and slaughtering wives until he finds one who can tell engaging stories.

Classics and violence/ actions/ male-centric form / characters / plots are not mutually exclusive.

Also... plenty of "boys" like emotional books, in fact many males were so moved by **The Sorrows of Young Werther,** they committed copycat suicide in droves, dressed exactly like Werther.  Even Napoleon considered it one of the greatest works of European literature.

I also know plenty of men who enjoy novels that explore emotional, inner experiences.  The favorite authors they list are authors known for exploration of human relations, emotions, social conflicts, eroticism.

Maybe you're only hanging out with boys with similar taste?
I don't like the dichotomy you're giving: either it's interesting for boys, either it's classical, and you associate classical with girls for some reason. 

Give boys the three musketeers, and there's a classic right there with a bunch of musketeers slaughtering a bunch of bad guys. 

There's different kinds of classical you know?

Your question was just downright leading: you gaves boys the choice between "something that sounds interesting" and "something neutral" (classical could be anything) while you gave girls the choice between "something that sounds horrible" and "something that sounds neutral". Well of course girl are going to prefer that.

I could ask a similar question and ask my friends whether they'd rather read a classical book or a book about a mystical romance where the girl falls in love with two guys and blabla, and suddenly *magically* find out that boys prefer classical books, while girls don't like them, and maybe girls would read more if we give them the material they like - love stories. 
I tried and tried to find books my two sons would read and enjoy, but nothing worked. Also, I couldn't get them to suggest anything, and they wouldn't spend any time browsing in libraries or bookstores.

When my youngest son was about 15, he got into a video game called Rainbow Six. I told him I had the book that it came from and asked him if he would like to read it. He said he would, but he never did.
Look, basically anyone would love a book about MOTHERFUCKING LANDSKNECHTS having ADVENTURES.

This isn't a thing about differences via sex, it's about landsknechts. Most classical literature has a massive deficiency in the number of striped pantaloons and zweihanders involved.
There are many books that get assigned that have elements of violence and killing - Macbeth, Romeo and some chick, A farewell to arms. Even the Great Gatsby had partying, boozing, cheating all round and traffic accidents. 

But books assigned in high school are not to entertain you - they are to teach you critical reading skills so you can understand even more complex books later. It's not about easy entertainment like an action movie, it's like navigating an unknown land with just a flashlight.
> ...given a choice of....

> ...given the material they liked?

If they go to the library, they will be given a [*huge*] choice of whatever they may desire.

Then, by checking one out, they are indeed given the material they liked — free of charge.

Maybe they just need to know more about libraries?

(This can be done online; in my city it's at library.nashville.org -- and way easier to browse subject, authors, etc. than physically going to the building and wandering through the shelves.  But, if i.e. you decide you like science fiction in general, it *can* be useful to go to those shelves and look until something catches your eye.)


[This is in the USA, but many countries must have similar access.]

p.s. when i was 13/14/15, long before online existed, i rode the bus to the library on weekends.  now i can read descriptions etc. from home and try stuff for fun.  if i don't like one, i check it back in and try something else.

p.s.s. if, on the other hand, you're really talking about what they're exposed to in the first place, that might make them interested (or not) in reading at all to begin with, then maybe go to your school librarian and have this conversation with her/him!!  it might be very helpful, and librarians in general are very helpful people and definitely want to get people interested in reading!
Woah woah slow down. People like reading books they find interesting? No way. 
Would you be more likely to rent a movie you didn't want to see?  Or would you rent the one you wanted to see?


Would you order the food off the menu that you think sounds disgusting, or would you order the thing that sounds delicious to you?


Do you walk into a store and say, "wow.. I should buy that!  It looks terrible!"  


Yes ... ANYONE regardless of gender would be more inclined to read a subject matter that he/she finds interesting.  :)
Your question seems to imply that boys read less frequently than girls. 
While that may often be true in pre-teen years, I think it's generally accepted that girls early on tend to outperform boys developmentally in the short term, though boys do tend to catch up in the end. 

A number of studies do show that when cultural biases aren't forced upon them, that there is greater fluidity in gender preference for various activities; unfortunately, we seldom provide such neutral environments, which is one reason that boys "learn" early on that dolls and reading is for girls, and girls in turn are told that trucks and roughhouse play is for boys (the same way that girls are later lead to believe that science, mathematics and engineering are "masculine" activities). 

HS English teacher here.  This is what I wish I could get kids to understand: my job is to fill your toolbox, not to make you like reading.  Every text I choose, every assignment I give is to help you acquire the tools to go into your box, so that when you need to or want to build something, you can reach in the box and get started.  The "liking" is entirely up to you, and while I certainly hope that my students like at least a little of what they read, it's not really a top ten concern.  Do you have the tools?  Do you have a library card?  If so, you already know there are more great books that you will love that are out there waiting to be discovered; don't waste any more time grousing about what you're assigned in school, just grab a book and start the revolution.
I'm confused by what you mean when you say 'a classical book about feelings'. Could you give me an example?
Yes, teenage boys would probably read more if they were more often exposed to material that is written specifically for them in formal educational channels.  I think you're (somewhat clumsily) getting at a real issue, in that as a male, I think our society would be tremendously enriched by having higher readership among the adult male population and by having a higher number of books that are written for a male audience.  It's somewhat odd; white males are the dominant cultural/political force in the Anglo-Saxon world and have been for centuries and yet almost none of the non-genre fiction published in America appeals to moderate middle class white males, and very little of what is commonly taught in schools is targeted towards changing that situation.

However, there are a number of problems and sub-issues raised here:

1. The most attractive materials for teenage boys are often inappropriate for pre-18 co-educational settings, both in the more pseudo-puritanical parts of America for being obscene and in the progressive parts of America for running afoul of left-wing values.  Historically, these things were also considered too base or vulgar to be incorporated in educational materials, so there's a bias there as well.
2. Primary and secondary teaching and curricula creation more often than not is dominated by women.
3. Specifically developing curricula for boys and girls is a problematic process in that it reinforces (and some cases creates) gender-driven stereotypes and perceptions that have no real basis in science and are undesirable from a policy standpoint.
4. You send a terrible message to the boys who actually like reading the non-boy-specific material about their masculinity.  Imagine, for a moment, if you have a classmate who loves Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice.  Imagine that it's labelled as a girl book.  You've just mindf*cked a classmate for nothing more than liking a book that millions love.
5. The market for literature is terribly unequal.  Historically, books were written by well-off, educated men for general academic/aristocratic consumption.  In the last 50 years or so, books have become increasingly directed towards women, as adult women are the primary consumers of books, with a small niche of books targeted to masculine interests. 
6.  A lot of what adult literary types would see as "male" literature would bore the crap out of most fifteen year old boys.

Personally, I think the only real solution is to be sensitive of the fact that the modal boy has radically different reading interests than the modal girl and for whatever reason the modal girl picks up reading for pleasure and/or as a lifetime habit more often than the modal boy.  I think the best course would be to give everyone small samples from a wider range of topics, some of which would appeal more to boys, including more vulgar materials.

It might also be one of those issues where there would be an advantage to having separate male-female classrooms, because I think a male teacher talking to male students about Romeo and Juliet or Much Ado About Nothing could do more than a co-ed classroom, but that's another bag of worms.
Well, Eragon, Hatchet, My Side of the Mountain and The Hobbit were all books I thoroughly enjoyed when I was 13/14. 

I read those books for school assignments in middle school, however those were books that I choose to read. The teacher did not force me to read them. 
First of all, I applaud your effort to try and get you and your friends into reading more. 

I get trying to make class more enjoyable, and I admit I know nothing about Serbian education or literature but if it's similar to the US your teacher may have his or her hands tied as to what they can teach you during school hours - it's likely on you to seek out things you like after hours. 

I would approach your teacher and ask him/her for reading suggestions - most will love their students showing interest in their subject and would be more than happy to give suggestions if you bring up the themes you like reading. Mystery and violence are in a lot of classics too! Maybe bring up the idea of doing an after school reading club with more contemporary books, or ask if you can get a little extra credit for writing reports about books you like and have read on your own time. Go into this realizing that what you like may not be school appropriate though, and your teacher may not be able to accommodate it - then it's up to you do just keep pursuing it on your own time. 

In terms of making the classics more enjoyable, ask questions about books you're reading and (without being snarky!) ask why the teacher thinks it's important to read those old books in today's day and age or why those themes are still relevant x years later. The classics are still classics for a reason, but I definitely enjoyed them more when I figured out why they're still important to know about. Good luck :)
Why are you focused on getting the boys to change?
Most of the guys I know that don't read refuse because it's seen as 'girly'. Some of them actually love it, they just pretend in front of their friends. I don't think that would help that much. 
Are your "friends" and you in like 5th grade? Because that really seems to be what this topic is geared towards.
Based on that PDF alone, the three stage model assumes you've already read the book. So you would read the book, then go back and summarise it as a whole (Stage I), then get into the detail (Stage II) and so on.

However I don't see why you couldn't apply something similar as you're reading. It's always good to summarise, either in your head or on paper, the chapter or section you've just finished.


I always read the book, and then summarize it in my own words, and then go back and refind all of the relevant quotes and mark the pages down. 

Syntopical reading is my favorite part of that book. For instance, if I wanted to perform some Syntopical reading on the British commonwealth law of Peel's Act of 1844, I would reference J.S.Mill's Principles of Political Economy and Ludwig Von Mises' Theory of Money and Credit, two books that reference Peel's act in different sections.
for questions like these, I suggest you use r/AskLiteraryStudies, the people over there are friendly and will generally provide you with better answers than r/books
It has been awhile since I read this book, but I seem to remember Adler stating that the first stage was meant to happen before you read through the entire book.  First stage happens with reading the publisher-provided synopsis (if there is one) and by reading through Table of Contents and skimming through the index.  ToC and index will nearly always illuminate major points and key ideas that the author is attempting to convey.
They're cliched and usually annoyingly written. What you've described sounds like high school drama. 
The problem with love triangles (or squares) is that they're overused. It is possible to have a decent story with a love triangle, but more often than not, it's just a cliche that everyone has seen before. If you do decide to go that direction in your writing, make sure you have an angle that makes it a little bit different to make it more interesting.
Where is the love triangle, though? 

Myra wants Cal who wants X who wants Myra. That's a love triangle. 

Who is X? 

Is Lia X? Does Lia want Myra without being interested in Cal? 

A love triangle is a specific device that I'm not seeing present. 

I'm seeing Myra wants Cal and isn't always honest about it. And Cal might want Myra or Lia. No idea who Lia wants. 

What you're describing is certainly "drama" and you may have *a character* who is "torn between two lovers" but that's not what a *love triangle* is. 

I'm being pedantic because these distinctions are important to written work. You need to be able to communicate accurately. 

If there's a love triangle and I'm missing it then let me know. I'd be happy to hear about it. 

Do I like the drama? Hard to say. I could see it played well or played poorly. It also depends on your audience. I'm not a big consumer of works driven by "romance drama". If this was the driving force of the story I would likely be disappointed and annoyed. I was annoyed by the romance in *The Mote in God's Eye* and mostly tried to ignore it because there was other material that did interest me. Am I typical of your audience? I have no idea. Who is? Define your audience if you haven't.

I would say that, for my part, a gut reaction is that I hope this doesn't take place on modern day Earth. I hope you've done the world building necessary to make these characters seem plausible. How "big" they can be without seeming annoying is going to depend on how big everything else is. It can be done with a modern day Earth setting, but that would all hinge in your overall believability and if your characters fit in to the work as a whole. I find the romance elements with main characters in *The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo* annoying but the world the author presents us is deep and believable enough that the romance is just a little scum on the surface or dressing on a salad: it is not overwhelming and certainly not the only thing driving interest. That book in particular even offers fresh perspectives and treats them in a way that doesn't make them the focus of the work (the nonmonogamy isn't hamfisted). What are you providing that is "fresh"?

And to end this bloated post I will say again: define your audience. Grey's Anatomy is a character driven drama that was quite successful. If you're going for that market then *go for it*: it's a big market that generates great revenue. Don't get wishy-washy about who you're trying to appeal to because you're not going to make everyone happy.

I know you've written more material and this may not be the best showcase of your work. Don't worry, I'm not judging you as a person or your work: I'm judging only what information was provided in this post and am happy to talk through clarification if necessary. 
Read into the actual reasons why people hated twilight. Sounds like the same situation here
>Do you like it or not?

I wouldn't touch this shit with a forty foot pole. Even reading the summary irritated me. You might think you're avoiding cliches or conventions, but you're really not. Nothing in the plot is interesting, I doubt it would be interesting even if I was a huge romcom fan. You also sound like the kind of person who googles things like "how to create complex characters?" and "how to write in beautiful prose?". Your characters are not complex, nor are they interesting. Im sorry if i'm being harsh, but somebody had to tell you this. It will save you future embarrassment. If you want, you can post some of your writing and I will tell you my thoughts, but I advise you to leave this story alone for a bit, really think about it and then if it still seems like a good idea, come back to it. 
Love triangles are boring to anyone who isn't involved in them. In a book, that means everyone. I can't speak for everyone, but in my case it's almost impossible to be invested in something as low stakes as whether Archie chooses Betty or Veronica.

Maybe you're the author who proves me wrong--it happens often enough--but I think the public is fairly done with that story.
I'd like to see a love tetrahedron.
If there's one thing to be angry with the internet about, it's the never-ending proliferation of self-styled writers flogging their poorly crafted shit.

That may be harsh - but somebody needs to be harsh with you.  Your friends aren't doing it.  You should be flattered by that, because if my friend wrote as poorly as you do, I would run screaming every time she came toward me with paper in her hands.  Your friends must like you an awful lot if they're even pretending to read something put to paper by someone capable (maybe incapable would be a better word?) of writing the comment above.

Isaac Asimov said something I always thought made sense.  He said (I'm paraphrasing here.) "If you want to be a writer, then the tools of your trade are your vocabulary and your understanding of grammar.  To be a writer requires one to be expert with those tools."

And you're not.  At all.

Yes, I'm mean.  But I'm also right.




i personally just wish that love triangles would be replaced by polyamorous relationships, because as someone who is poly, i cannot relate to the emotions of love triangles whatsoever so i find them boring
Love triangles are often overused, but even more than that, they're frequently too easily solvable. (Example: If character X would communicate in an open and honest way with character Y then character Z may not even have caught their interest.) Many, many love triangles could have been solved by communication, either between current partners or by voicing their feelings to one side of the triangle. By keeping easily resolved triangles in place, it's easy for the readers to get frustrated. Without reading your book, I can't tell if this is the case with your love triangle/square, but it's something to look out for.
Nothing really there are some love triangles that can contribute to the story or become a great story but most of the time it isn't great and just annoying. 

I guess love triangles are quite difficult to nail for writers considering i've rarely read one which even passes as acceptable.
Read more often read more dense, literary works and this will start becoming less of a problem. As you've said, you're 2/3s of the way through. May as well finish at this point. 
Which translation is it?  It might just be an old translation.
Examples? 
It's books like these that I really like having on Kindle. 
What I do when I come up across words I don't know, is that I write them down and the page they are from. Once I finish the chapter, I look the words up and write the synonyms or a very short description of the word where it appears in the story. 

I find this helps a lot, especially when reading vocab-heavy books like Lolita or Sophie's Choice or something.


I read it without any problems. Luckily Joyce taught me what goloshes were in The Dead. 

Edit: Plus I know French
The problem I ran into wasn't the vocabulary,  it was the sheer number of characters with similar names, gave me fits trying to keep up with who was doing what to whom where with only a last name initial to denote a difference.
Shit don't say that mate, I've just started book 2 and am enjoying it. If you don't mind me asking, what kinds of words?
If you're not having fun reading, just stop and pick up something else.
I don't recall having to look up any words when I read it - could you give some examples please?
I kinda just inferred what they meant and glazed over them. Some of them I did have to look up though and it got tedious so I just stopped. I really struggled with the French in it too, if I'm thinking of the right novel. Fucking hate random French words interspersed throughout books. It was still an enjoyable read to me though.
Well you have to read it all the way to the end to find out who won the war!  [I won't spoil the ending.]
This is one of the reasons why, if I ever get around to reading it, I will read it on the kindle.

The other reason is that I have small hands and I don't think I can comfortably hold such a famously large book.
Read it in English instead?
I said this shit about "go set a watchman" and I'll say it again.

There was probably a really good reason to not publish it.
If no one has seen it, how did they publish it?

There's probably a reason for it not having been published under his guise. 
I'm always wary of stuff like this. While it sounds cool, 90% of the time its unpublished for a reason. No author makes something they think is good and just not want to show anyone. 

SO, the question I bet you are all wondering...

Who owns the copyright?
Is this Public domain, or will the Strand magazine get copyright for publishing it?

If it was written, but never shared until Mr Gulli found it then no copyright has ever applied to it. Until now?

Back in the 1890s you had to explicitly state something was copyrighted when you published it, as opposed to nowadays when simply fixing it in a permanent format is creating a copyright.

I think this is an example of a work which has never been held in copyright and has always been public domain. But IANAL
Probably unpublished for a reason. Like music of dead artists.
*Don’t you see it?* he said. 

*See what?*

*The – thing. The woman.*

I shook my head and looked at him.

*All right then,* he said abruptly. *Don’t see it!*
Bummer, looks like you have to buy a ten dollar magazine to read it. 
TIL H.G. Wells foretold the birth of [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Brain)
hg wells is actually a woman
>Unseen

just like a ghost
Spoopy
Shame Paul F Tompkins "Dead Authors Podcast" is no longer a thing. H. G. Would have a thing or 2 to say about this.
Day 1, in the Ghost House...
Can anyone find it? I'd really like to read it but can't find 8t anywhere.
It will be published this week so it's still not out there, the only way to read the story is to wait for it to be published and posted somewhere online for free lol 
Fun fact. I was named after HG Wells' great niece.
Many comments that this story might be poorly written. Even so, I look forward to reading it.
Sounds fishy... I bet it's the creation of a ghost writer. 
Probably cant be seen because IT'S A GHOST
can anyone suggest an h.g. wells story/ies to me? like his scarier or better works?
Thought this was r/creepy with that title.
Literal ghost story
I subbed. Figure it can't hurt, I may find something useful in the next year
Like HG Wells' ghiste wrote it? 
Lit fam
Cant be that good if its not in r/nosleep
All kidding aside,big fan of H G Wells work. 
woah this is very very cool
Quick! Build a time machine so that we can prevent this! 
Aww, was hoping for a story about H G Wells' ghost.
I'm always very skeptical when someone claims they have found a never-before published story from a very well known author whose living depended largely, if not entirely, on the publication of stories. 

Almost all of these stories turn out to be hoaxes. 
From the tole i thought HG well's ghost wrote it
3 is too young. They won't be able to follow the story
I tried at 4 and it didn't hold hold his interest for more than a page or two. He also couldn't follow the story - too many characters. Started again at 7 and he loved it!!
I'd do it. But I don't have kids and probably shouldn't be trusted.
I read it when I was 10, so maybe like 6-7 is good try
Too young I suppose. The storyline is very complex for a three-year-old, let alone the number of characters. Try again when she's 5-6, that's when HP hit me!
Really, any time after entering elementary school.  5 and up.
I remember reading the books when I was in elementary school. Books this long are probably a bit too complex for children that young- The base rule with my parents was that I had to be able to read it by myself. So, maybe wait a couple of years until your kid has a better attention span.

If you're looking for something longer for bedtime, I highly recommend the *Pettson and Findus* books. The stories aren't super short, but also not too long for young children to loose interest. The pages have detailed pictures with lots of details to explore and make the reading experience much more interactive and enjoyable for both parent and child.
I was lucky enough to grow up with Harry Potter- the first book came out when I was a toddler and the last movie came out after my 16th birthday. I can say with certainty that the reason I love to read and watch films is because of HP. Starting at 3 might be young and you might read the first book ten times over until your kiddo is 5 or 6, but it'll be worth it for the magic that it lends to childhood. 
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's/Sorcerer's Stone begins with Harry's tenth birthday.  I thought I began reading the series out loud to my kids when they were a bit younger than that, when my daughter was maybe eight and my son was six.  I checked with my daugherr and she has convinced me that they were younger yet, closer to six and four.  Whatever their age, we had a blast.  Rowling was only about three books into the series when I started, so we caught up pretty quickly.  As new volumes came out, My wife and I would read them to ourselves first, then I'd read them aloud to the kids, then we'd see the movies in the theaters and then we'd buy the DVD's.  Every step was a special family occasion.
i believe rowling wrote the first book for her kid who was the age of harry in that book? so i would guess that age and let them read if for themselves?

she said each book was written for that age kid (ie when harry was 13 then the book was written at a maturity level for a 13 year old)   i have always thought that was why the last books got so ...hard and dark...  for emerging young adults
How mature is your child? Can she handle some of the violence that is in it? The illustrated edition is amazing. If you don't think she is mature enough for it right now you may want to wait another year. If you DO think she is mature enough for it get it for her for Christmas and read a chapter every night.
Honestly, have them help. Like, at age 7 or so, help them read the first sentence or paragraph or page and then you read the rest of the chapter. As they get better, increase how much they read and alternate with you.
If they can understand your sentences, then they can listen to you read the book. It can be a little scary, as someone who had it read to me when I was little, but it's exciting and good overall. I might save the books after 3/4 for when they're around 10 though. They're more adultish.
I started reading it to my daughter when she was 5 and she found it quite frightening. She is 13 now and we have read the whole series together many times. We are half way through book 2 of the Lord of the rings at the moment. 
I personally would stick to more light hearted stories for a 3 year old. 
Our teacher read books 1 through 3 to class when I was 7/8 and I loved them (to the point my parents had to buy them so I could read ahead). I don't think I would have been able to follow it very well much earlier though.

On a side note - the illustrated Harry Potter is beautiful and I feel like it was well worth the money I spent on it.
My parents started reading them to me when I was 4 or 5, but I got too scared when we got to Fluffy (although I was pretty sensitive, since I never watched tv or movies), and we stopped.

I read them on my own when I was seven, and that worked much better for me.
Too young! Try I Want My Hat Back, Dream Animals, Good Night Good Night Construction Site, Boom Snot Twitty
My brother and sister-in-law started reading it to my 7-year-old niece, but had to stop because it was getting too scary for her. 
I read it when I was 8 or so, so that's probably all right.
I was in first grade when I started the series. So like 5 or 6.
Aww, they have picture book versions? You could try it and see if they like it. Even if they don't get the story, just the act of having a parent read to you enthusiastically at that age can be good for bonding and associating books with good things.
I had book 1 read to me when I was 5. There were bits I found confusing and I think I was too young (I thought Fred and George took Norbert!). A bigger issue for me is if you continue the further books: A lot of the anger between Hermione and Ron around the Yule Ball flew over my head even years later as it relied on recognising teenage hormones and puberty.
read the British version in kindergarten, thought everyone had telepathic abilities because they spoke with 'these' instead of "these"
I was 5 when my parents started reading HP to me (have an older sister who receives the books as a gift from relatives.)

It went okay, though my sister selfishly read ahead and demanded we skip chapters. 
To be honest, I'm 16 years old and I'm looking forward to start reading it. I have nothing to regret! It's never too late to start reading HP. Even my friend's mom is reading it right now! 
all children should have the audio book (read by Stephen Fry) pumped into the womb by speakers at least 50 times in their entirety before birth and then a chapter a night from then on 

yes i am being serious 

I would personally say about 9 or 10 but all kids are different and i havent seen these books so i cant make a proper judgement 
Who would have thought. Poor people and therefore people of colour read less. That's the whole article ? I also find very hard to believe that 74% of americans have touched a book this year.
People that don't live in America.
I didn't read the article, and now I feel like I could possibly be [a victim of a prank.](http://gawker.com/npr-pulled-a-brilliant-april-fools-prank-on-people-who-1557745710)
Illiterate people
The study appears to show that US Americans are by and large literate, but lots of other stuff it leaves unanswered.
I'm surprised that suburban is higher than urban, is guess it would be the opposite
People with wifi.
Sometimes people set aside books, a sort of second-hand life, in favor of life itself.
I've kinda decided that I will never again touch Julian Barnes' books after I finished reading *Sense of an Ending.* God, I hated that book. I really did!
Not yet but I read the first chapter and it was Brilliant.
How does the noise of time compare with sense of an ending? I also loved sense of an ending, and i love Julain Barnes's writing in general. 
If you liked The Sense if Ending, check out Paul Auster's The New York Trilogy, specifically the third one **The Locked Room**. I read Sense earlier this year and finished NYT last week, and it was altogether eerie how much they remind me of each other.
Are you referring to note making whilst reading a novel/prose/fiction work etc...? If so then it's totally down to personal preference. Many people prefer not to as this can sometimes detract from the overall immersion, which for many readers remains the 'end goal' of reading. However for some note taking could possibly act as a reminder, like you mentioned, or perhaps as a stimulating factor to encourage exploration of characters, plots etc.. :)
If you're talking about taking notes in a book, I generally don't do that. If I come across something I want to highlight in a book or talk more about, I'll write it out in a Notepad document, go to my TVTropes account and add it to the work page in question.
I have read so many books that by now I can't even name half of them which makes me kind of sad because they essentially made me who I am. So I've just started taking notes. I have a thin, smallish notebook that I carry around. It has a few sticky notes in it that I mark pages with. Whenever I'm reading and encounter something inspiring or notice an example of character development, etc., I put a sticky note at that spot and write down the paragraph and line, then jot a quick note or comment. When I'm finished reading the book, I write down the title in the notebook, with the finishing date (and maybe even starting date), write a quick summary and then review it. Last, I'll go back to the stickies notes and write down the passages or quotes that really stuck with me and how they made me feel. 
My partner is from South America and has been in the US for about 6 years. He's very interested to read an accessible book on modern American History, like from Vietnam era to the present, or something like that. Any recommendations for such a book? I've given him Perlman's book on Nixon ("Nixonland"), but he found that too dense. Anyone know of anything more accessible but written at a high level? Thanks! 
Almost all the fiction that I read have either originally been written in English or in my mother tongue, Bengali. I'm interested in experiencing the literature of other languages, albeit via translations. What would you suggest? I'm a bit partial towards the high fantasy and SciFi genres.
I'm a little all over the map right now, but maybe my last five books will stir a recommendation from someone with similar tastes:

Consider the Lobster - David Foster Wallace

The Art of Fielding (re-read) - Chad Harbach

Lonesome Dove - Larry McMurtry

Frankenstein - Mary Shelley

The World According to Garp - John Irving


Anyone?

I recently read and loved Butcher's Crossing by John Williams. Anyone know of any good similarly themed novels? 
Looking for books that are like Bioshock games, you know what i mean... i want my mind to be fucked
Looking for short, philosophical or semi-existential works in the vein of **Bartleby, the Scrivener** or **The Death of Ivan Ilyich**
So the two most modern translations of The Tale of Genji are the ones by Royall Tyler and Dennis Washburn. Which one is better?
Looking for suggestions on which translation I should read for The Iliad and The Odyssey.

I've had a look at previous threads on them in this sub, so I've narrowed the translations down to either Fagles or Fitzgerald, but I'm not sure who to pick.

I want to read for enjoyment, so it doesn't have to be an exact translation. It would be good if the translated poem had a meter that worked in English too, because I think I'd enjoy it more if that were the case.

Thank you :)
I'm a college student and have outlined a novel I plan to write about the masochistic nature of love and relationships.  Have been reading Dostoevsky and Tolstoy for class, really enjoying their psychological and detailed insights.  Have been reading Camus + company for pleasure.  Any recommendations for more modern fiction that I can read to learn about how plot propels and promotes theme and character?  I'm reading a lot to study the craft of writing, but I need to improve my understanding of plot and dialogue.  Thanks!

Looking for a new fiction book or series to get into.  I enjoy fantasy.  I really liked Ernest Cline's Ready Player One and Armada.  I am finishing up The Grisha series by Leigh Bardugo. I have read a lot of YA (though I'm 31) but looking to get into something along the same lines, but maybe intended for an older audience. 

I am also looking for fantasy/thriller/romance, along the lines of the Anita Blake series.  

Thanks in advance!
I'm into classic mystery writers like Raymond Chandler and Dashiell Hammett, but I'm looking to get into newer stuff. Any suggestions? Thanks in advance!
[deleted]
Sitting in puerto rico and looking for something to read by the pool. I would like fiction. I just finished Peter Cline's 14 and enjoyed it. I'm looking for a thriller/mystery. 
Just bought myself a kindle which was on black friday sale. Looking for two kinds of books.

1. **Non-fiction :** Any book, any field. Looking to educate myself. Last book I read was "Destiny Disrupted: A History of the World Through Islamic Eyes" by Tamim Ansary. Enjoyed it very much. I'm not necessarily looking for some general overview of the field. It can discuss a specific event or topic within its field. Willing to do some research to supplement the book if need be. Preferable fields(although I'm really fine with anything) : history, military, economics, politics. 

2. **Fiction :** I'm looking for something to really immerse myself into. Not a single novel or a single plot. A series of books set in a vast, detailed fantasy world. When I was a child I read several Star Wars novels, Tolkien, Harry Potter etc. that kind of stuff. Looking for something similar - a fantasy world I can immerse myself into. Don't really care whether its medieval or sci-fi or whatever else. Looking for the "all-time greats" here. Edit : I'm considering the Discworld books right now. 
I'm looking for crime/mystery novels set in a spanish-speaking country.
I'm looking to pick up some books to read using the coupon code on Amazon.

My (general) likes contain:

dystopian novels 

Books containing a "non-traditional perspective" (best way I could think to describe it but books like: Push, The Color Purple, Nervous Conditions, The Kite Runner, The Curious Incident of the Dog in The Night). 

Sometimes I enjoy easy-to-read adult books (the Pillars of Earth.)

Thanks!
I'm interested in doing reading projects where I read a lot by a single author. Right now I'm doing Vonnegut. What's another author I should look into?
suggest a book that involves time travel. At first the character makes simple time travel to change trivial things. After some time and after a lot trivial changes, A big fuck up comes up because of the trivial changes. He then try to un-fuck up it.
Does anyone have a few books that could be described as a sort of tragedy / that end with the protagonist almost unambiguously in a bad position? I prefer Sci-Fi but could enjoy it in other genres (other than horror). 

What I'm really asking for is something like the main character / the main cast end up dying, lost somewhere with little hope, or trapped somewhere (such as, in a sci-fi setting, the main character trapped in an escape pod floating through space and unlikely to end up saved -- something to that effect). I'm not sure if I want it to be bleak dread the whole time or anything like that, just that it ends up unfortunately not going the way the protagonist wanted it to. 
Any recommendations for a comprehensive book about religions/history behind different religions? Preferably something that isn't too dense, but any suggestion is much appreciated 
Need a list of political and legal philosophy / theory books. Going to read Rawls' Theory of Justice. Anything in a similar vein?

Any recommendations on seminal works on the American political parties? I want to familiarize myself more with the ideological roots of both parties. Been a whole since I studied American history.
Well, this shouldn't be too hard. Looking for something by Hemingway, Bradbury, or Vonnegut. I'm sure there are plenty of great books, but I'd rather get suggestions from someone than just off a list of "great books".

Already read Slaughterhouse 5, Fahrenheit 451, and For Whom the Bell Tolls.
I'm going to pickup two of Stephen King's shorter novels pretty soon. Which would you recommend? I plan on getting The Dead Zone and Misery, but I know few things about both of them.
Been trying to get back into reading, tried getting into the Red Queen's War but I simply lost interest. 

Last series I read completely was the Powder Mage series by Brian McClellan. I enjoy fantasy books like these: The Riyria Revelations, Mistborn, Dresden Files, The Broken Empire etc.

Any recommendations based on some of the series I liked? I would prefer the series to be completed as well, I dislike waiting for books haha
I'd like to get into some non-fiction reading. What are some of your favorites? 



Also, what are some good fiction books that take place in the Winter or Christmas time. No genre preference. 


Thanks!
Any recommendation on a book with similar plot like this:when the girl has to choose between two guys,and one of them is the current boyfriend and the other one is from her past.It should have tragedy tag...like some is killed because jealousy
Looking to own/read as many works of Kierkegaard as possible. Most likely going to get them from HPB but where should I start?

Chronological order or...?
Looking for books with:

A villain that can be described as a Depraved Bisexual/Homosexual who either way has an obsession with the main character and gets with plenty of characters.  Also homosexual subtext is aplenty.   A character who is wanted by the villain and has personal issues out the wazoo.

The only ones I can think of that fit one or both criteria are the outlander , picture of Dorian gray, the talented mr ripley, also if we're talking comic books The Joker seems this way towards the Batman at times 

Can anybody recommend me others 
Any recommendations for horror novels aside from House of Leaves or anything by King? 
Need some legal philosophy / theory books. Going to law school next year and want to build a foundation on legal theory. Already have Rawls theory of justice. 

Also, any recommendations for public policy books? Want to be literate on governance. 
I generally like the thought of sci-fi but I have yet to find a sci-fi book that really fit my taste. I just finished Dune and despite all the praise I know it's gotten, it didn't really impress me. Dune seemed more like a political book or science fantasy book.

I don't like science fantasy generally - I like nitty gritty technical explanations, alien species and cool spacecraft. Does anyone have any suggestions for sci-fi books that fit something like that?

EDIT: I honestly didn't expect this many responses :) Thanks for all the suggestions and if you still have more feel free to reply :)
One of my close friends is in prison in rural KY. Any recommendations of books I could get him for Christmas? Not sure of his literature "likes" as I he wasn't much of a reader outside of the pen, but 5 years is a long time.

I'd like something that wouldn't depress the shit out of him and isn't too complex or obscure.
Any horror books that'll make you go wtf?
[deleted]
I just got into David Foster Wallace, and I am currently reading Infinite Jest. Any books/authors similar to him? 
Authors/Novels similar in style to Murakami? It's hard to describe what makes his books so alluring.
I just finished reading everything of Asimov.

 Now what?

I'm pretty depressed.
Okay, I am looking for two kinds of books, one for me, and one for my friend.  

1. **For me**: The hardest type of romance sub-genre is finding a good hate to love story. The only good one I've read is *Pride & Prejudice*, but I wish there were other books that resemble it. I was terribly disappointed by *The Winter Rose*; so much, that I left it unfinished.  
Point is, do you have any good book to suggest, that fits into the above category? Hate to love, or a bad person that shows/turns into a good version of himself because he falls in love with another? Not below PG-13, if possible.   

2. **For him**: He loves mystery/crime novels, and fictional ones; for example, *How to Kill a Mockingbird* is one of his all time favourites. What should I get him for Christmas?  

Thank you all for your help!
Hello all, I'm looking for a SF/Fantasy novel that takes place in a jungle setting, preferably with dark magic, serpent people, priceless treasures, ancient ruins, and a pulpy, Indiana Jones vibe. Does anything come to mind?

Thanks!
What's the best edition of Whitman's Leaves of Grass - original 1855, deathbed 1891, in between? I know this is more opinions but I'd like to hear the suggestions. 

Can anybody direct me to a comprehensive compendium of American poetry from the 19th century, or a list of the top poetry books from the period?
I'm looking for good books about the last man on Earth (or any other planet, really). Something like I Am Legend (talking about the movie, haven't read the book yet and IDK if it's good), but more humorous (like The Martian, where the main character's personality is everything). In other words, something where it's all about ONE character and his survival. I'm curious if anyone has pulled it off and if it's been done too many times already. Self-published or trad authors, doesn't matter.
I just got done with the two *Kingkiller* books and absolutely loved them. I'm looking for books that do world-building like this, and are as engrossing. It needn't necessarily be fantasy.
I was looking for a book recommendation for my cousin's 16th birthday. She's a big fan of thriller films (e.g. Shutter Island, Phone Booth, Panic Room) so I was thinking it may be a good idea to introduce her to Stephen King, since it'll open up a wealth of options if she takes a liking to it. Currently I'm leaning towards The Shining, though any other suggestions are very welcome.
Which books are/did y'all buy in Black Friday sales today?

Amazon has a bunch of Kindle books on sale, but not sure how good they are. 
Would anyone happen to have any recommendations for poets like Poe or Shakespeare? I'm trying to branch out into poetry. I was thinking maybe Dickinson, but I'm not sure.
Hello.

I have to read some books of British authors for my literature classes. As I have zero experience in reading, I came here for help.

What I'm looking for, besides the obligatory "British", is what your typical 21-year old guy would enjoy, so probably no romance. 
Preferably something written in not too intricate language so that it will be easy to get through.

As for the length, something between 150-300 pages will be good, I have to read 3 or 4 of them anyway.
Best book for someone who will leave college very soon
Preferably something that can be inspirational or help the plan their future better and develop skills that they aren't taught in college.
Anyone read Musashi? I need to know the difference between


https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/102031.Musashi
And
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/102030.Musashi

One seems to be a series. Any recommendations on which I should direct my time towards?
My girl friend loved harry potter growing up. It is something that she also still likes. She is an active reader so I am wondering if anyone can recommend a book. She does care that much for Game of Thrones but she watches it because of me. So that is a no go. Any recommendation would be great. I plan on getting her a book as part of her christmas gift. She also like Lord of the rings. She is in her mid twenties so something for adult instead of teens please. 
I have them stacked up to the ceiling but understand if you're not a fan of that. I give them to friends, donate them to shelters or donation places, and walk around putting them into Little Free Libraries. 
Throw them in the garbage?!? Hoping you weren't serious. Give them away, sell to a used book store, donate to Goodwill. But do NOT throw away. 
What about drilling a bookshelf or two into the wall? There are a lot of creative ways to store books and save space.
The majority of my books are historical and biographies so I keep them for reference. Usually the only time books leave is when they're lent to someone. 
I take them back to the library.
I donate them to the local library or host a book swap with my friends. 
In my area planned parenthood has a used book sale for fund raising - look around  to see if there's something like that in your area.  While a library might not take certain books, thrift shops will.  I save most of my books just in case, though now about 75% of them are digital and on my ipad
I delete them from my Kindle and keep a copy in my digital Books library.

I got rid of 99% of my physical books by donating them (by giving them to people I knew who wanted to read them). There are places other than libraries that will take books. Thrift stores. Used book stores (who might be thrilled, especially if you don't care about being paid much). If no one really wants them at all then it's time to recycle and send them back to the earth. 
I usually bring them to Goodwill, Salvation Army, or ReStore... they're not terribly picky about donations
Books I enjoyed reading are books I'm going to read again.

Your problem is a lack of bookshelf, not too many books.
Try paperbackswap.com! I just signed up for the website. You can post books and request books!

I only the keep the good ones. Out of about a few hundred I've read in my lifetime this is about 15-20. The others I lend to friends, hoping they'll never return.
10x15 climate controlled storage. There is no way I'm getting rid of my books. Probably going to have to get a bigger unit soon. 
My plan is to have a room with only books inside in the future. Yes, only books. When people will ask I'll say: this is my books' room. It will be beautiful. I even have a project of how I want it to be.
So I have to keep most of them but time to time I like to donate to my library. It is always a good thing to do.
Sell them!!!  Online or flea mkt...whatever...send me a list...I might wanna buy a few
I've begun bringing them to little free libraries. Feels right. 
Afraid I cannot help as I return them to the public library from which I borrowed them.
Return them to the library.
I usually take them to a used book store or donate them to a thrift shop or library sale (the local library here occasionally holds book sales that rely on donations).

I have to nitpick on a little point though - libraries don't throw away books because they deem them uninteresting, but because libraries have a collection policy that outlines what kinds of materials can be put into the collection (with the needs/wants of the particular community that the library is serving in mind). You could donate a book to the library and it could be one of the staff's favourite books, but if it doesn't fit in the collection, it won't go into the collection. Libraries don't have enough shelf space to just keep everything donated to them, and every space that is taken up by a book that isn't needed or wanted by the community is a space that a more suitable book could be occupying!
Mail them to friends.
I usually keep them, until I lend/give them to friends/family to read.

I probably should go through and donate the ones I'm not going to read, but there is an aesthetic appeal to a bookshelf in a way I think.
Some I keep, particularly the ones I think would be difficult to replace, the ones I know I'll want to read again, or the ones I regularly use as reference. The rest I box up and take over Goodwill every once in a while. I used to save literally all my books, but I don't feel the need to do that anymore. Realistically I could downsize even more, and I would like to, but I feel an unreasonable attachment to a lot of my books. Meh, maybe some day.
My wife has a flea market booth with a shelf in it for my books. Someone usually snaps them up. And since I buy a lot of books at thrift stores and what not, I even end up making a buck or two.


Bookmooch.com is a pretty good place to give/trade for books.
I've been thinking about getting rid of some of my untouched books too. I'm leaning towards selling them on eBay or Amazon, or giving them to people who I know would enjoy reading it. There's also this used bookstore that I give a lot of my business to, so I might sell them there. You could donate them to charity as well.
Books are not only for reading, they're also great decoration! Buy a good bookshelf and use the books to decorate you living room.
I have the same problem; I want to keep buying and collecting books, but don't have the space for any but the nicest editions, really. I usually give the books I've read to someone else who might enjoy them, a friend or family member; or otherwise donate to a charity shop. 
I put them on shelves and sometimes loan them out to friends. 
Book stores (used) often give store credit and/or take donations. 
If it is a physical book it goes into one of the piles surrounding my bookshelves. If it is an eBook I remove it from my eReader.
Loan them out with instructions to keep them moving
I keep a lot of reference books (art instruction, wildlife guides, etc.) but I tend not to hold onto many novels. I sell them to Half Price Books. Don't get much for them, but I'll take the few bucks, (and probably spend it on another book, ah ha) and the books will hopefully go to someone who will enjoy them.
I sell them online or donate them. One of my friends does something fun, whenever he wants to purge books from his collection he posts a picture of them all laid out on Facebook and has friends comment with what they want - first come first serve. He'll schedule a time on a weekend to hang out downtown with the books and we can come by and pick them up and catch up a bit (saves him postage). You could also host a party and include a book swap. 
As a librarian, I get tons of books for free that I'll never read again. No matter how much shelf space I have, it's never enough. It's important to "weed" your collection. Getting rid of books that you'll never read makes for a better looking shelf. 
That being said, friends get first dibs on my discards. That clears away a few. Next, I take them to my place of employ and put them in the lounge. Whatever is left gets donated to the local women's shelter and the retirement home by my house. 
Try taking recent books to a local used bookstore. They'll give you store credit so you can get something new! This is how I keep my collection pruned-- my shop only gives me $1-3 for each book, but if they take 6 books that gives me enough credit to buy 2 new (to me) ones! It seems like a ripoff, but 6-out-2-in is an effective way to wrangle in some clutter; plus the alternative is probably to give them away/donate, so it's not like you'd get money for them anyways. 
Library books go back to the library. As for the rest ...

If I know someone who I think would love it, I'll gift it over to a friend or family member.

If I don't know someone, then I'll keep it if I want, otherwise it's over to a Little Free Library.
I usually try to get books from the library first. If I like it, the book then goes on my shelves. 
Create a library. Weed out books that are either in poor condition or something you have no interest in reading anymore, then donate them to a thrift store or library.

Sort your books by hardcover/softcover, limit yourself to buying from authors/genres you've very interested in, and be the envy of your friends.
Return them to the library 
Around 50,000 AD, after humans have developed warp drive and have colonized thousands of nearby solar systems, the period of 1,000 AD to 2,000 AD will be summarized as "things started off barbaric, then got slightly better."

"But they landed on the moon!  Sent robots to Mars!"

"Oh, isn't that cute."
Dolores Umbridge
Ramsay "the Bastard" of Bolton, from A Song of Ice and Fire.
Henry Bowers in Steven King's IT. One of the most despicable I've come across. In the book, there's a chapter detailing his abuse of a puppy. I still think about it to this day, and it makes me want to kick the kid's teeth in every time I think of it. 
**Umbitch** (Harry Potter/Order of the Phoenix) What makes Umbridge really horrible - is that she gets away with everything, being in a position of power. She's as sweet as poisoned honey and utterly despicable. She's one of the greatest example of abuse of authority, political power. She's one of those characters you want to reach through the pages to grasp at the neck. 

**Judge Holden** (Blood Meridan) Like the next choice below, the Judge doesn't even seem to be fully human. You cross paths with him - and you're left wondering where the train that hit you came from in the last seconds before you die. He's an inhuman machine, a personification of the forces of evil - there is no winning against him, he is an entity beyond human understanding, he is the anti-human of human-kind. 

**Cathy Ames** (East of Eden) Cathy doesn't even seem to be fully human, she's that evil. She's almost the living, breathing force of all that is bad and wrong in this world. She was fucked up as a child and grew to fuck up everyone else. She's pretty much Satan personified and the mystical, prime evil of human nature. She is the snake in the garden of Eden; she tempts, you fall. You crush her with your heel, she poisons your foot. She is the one to overcome, the bane; the root of all things demonic and deadly. 

**Iago** (Othello) - My number one pick, the man is evil for the sake of being evil. He's the very embodiment of pettiness, selfishness, corruption, control, revenge, betrayal, lack of remorse, back stabbing, lies, cowardice and utter deviousness. I think he might even be the perfect personification of envy. He's the worst of the worst, the example for disproportionate retribution; for the chaos of anarchy - the nobody to nightmare, the weakness that grows monstrous and he is the dark extent of man's utter viciousness and lack of compassion. 
Randall Flagg who luckily I get to come across in more than one book.
Amaram. 
Joffrey Baratheon
Nicodemus Archleone, the leader of the Order of the Blackened Denarius, and host of the fallen angel Anduriel. 

-The Dresden Files
Ramsay Bolton

Baron Vladimir Harkonnen 
No Count Olaf? PURE EVIL.
Kathy Ames (Kate Trask) from East of Eden
Regal from the Farseer trilogy
Ambrose from the Kingkiller Chronicles. Just a complete and total dick of a character. 
Percy Wetmore from The Green Mile, hands down.
Cathy Ames personified everything that could be wrong with a human being. Reading her character was also magnificent though, beautifully written by Steinbeck. 
Saint Dane from the Pendragon series. I started reading this series again and forgot how much I hated this guy.
Padan Fain/Mordeth from The Wheel of Time. Very dark, demented character arc. 
Kennit, from the Liveship Traders Trilogy. 

Fucking Kennit.
Jagang, from The Sword of Truth series.  
King Galbatorix

From the book named Eragon. The dude is a power hungry monster, cutting any personal ties for the smallest bit of power. He commits a unmeasurable amount of atrocities in the book. Although, he might just need a hug. (; 
Grand Inquistor Zhaspar Clyntahn from Dave Weber's Safehold series. What a disgusting murderous POS he is. I look to the day when they kill him off in the book. 
Big Jim Rennie from Under the Dome - man I hated that guy
Patrick Bateman. 
**Albrecht Detwieler** - Leader of the Mesan Alignment: Honor Harrington Series.

Okay, as bad as Dolores Umbridge is, this guy is the leader of a centuries old conspiracy to take over the galaxy, leads a corporation devoted to genetic slavery (an even worse form of regular slavery if you can believe it), responsible for starting proxy wars all over the place, funds terrorists, stages false flag operations, regularly has people assassinated to suit his agenda (by manchurian agents no less), topples governments, and nukes *his own people* when convenient.

This guy is about as evil as it gets.

In fact, David Weber seems almost *too* good at making utterly despicable villains. He could at least try to be a little less extreme with them.
"The King" from King Rat.
Abigail Williams in The Crucible.  Jorge in The Name of the Rose.
HH Holmes
Thren Felhorn from Shadowdance. [Spoilers](#s "Turns his son into the perfect (almost) mindless and emotionless killer, so much so that his first kill was his brother at the age of eight. Is willing to destroy an entire city just because he wouldn't be able to control it, and is totally merciless and absolutely cruel.")
Judge Holden from Blood Meridian. Truly a terrifying character.
The Judge form Blood Meridian 
Count Olaf
The Man in The Wig from Let The Right One In.

Because meshing Lestat and The Marquis de Sade into a single being totally won't give you nightmares. 
Hal 9000. Something about his inhuman yet realistic villainy gives me the chills. 
Captain Randall in the Outlander searies by Diana Gabaldon. A delicious villian
Ive read the bible once.
Bugs Bunny.  Simply dethspicable.
The Jackal in the Red Rising trilogy

Fuck that guy
Judge Holden 
The chairmaker.
Conchis from the Magus.
Ray in Living Dead Girl.
Well, you didn't specify *fictional* villains, so I'm going to go with Oskar Dirlewanger, whom I was introduced to by "Bloodlands" by Timothy Snyder. He is a serious contender for the title of "Worst Human Being Ever." No fictional villain comes close. If you wrote about a fictional villain doing the things he did, people would say it was over the top and implausible. 
The guy literally machine-gunned orphans, burned down a hospital with the patients inside, and killed nuns for the fun of it. Also a convicted child molester.  
Pretty much the entire cast of characters in "Blood Meridian." It's hard to feel empathetic towards a gang if people whose only prifession is to hunt people down and scalp them as proof. 
Japheth in "Fire in Beulah" by Rilla Askew. Little-known to be sure, but evil, evil, evil.
Lissar's Father in *Deerskin* by Robin McKinley 
I'm reading Kathryn Harrison's memoir The Kiss, and her parents are just AWFUL people. You can tell through her internal monologue that the way her mother and grandparents treated her as a child destroyed her mentally and emotionally, making her a prime target for her father to further abuse mentally and physically. Honestly one of the scariest things I've ever read.
Count Olaf
It isn't. While I can't find any concrete numbers for the world, for the US at least according to [Pew Research reading has been steady since 2012](http://www.pewinternet.org/2016/09/01/book-reading-2016/). There is some interesting stuff in the article and they have some fun graphs to play around with. There are some other numbers out there on the internet, including some surveys for other countries. 

So no, I would say reading isn't a dying hobby.
Nah. I've noticed Baby Boomers have a tendency to purport this, like Millennials have forgotten how to read in our superficial, social media obsessed world. But recent research actually suggests that younger generations read more than older generations.
I think it is a story that it incredibly easy to believe, regardless of if it is true. If someone told me children under 10 no longer knew what books were, I might believe it because of how technology has integrated itself into all aspects of our lives. 

However, I don't think that it being believable makes it true. From what I have seen, reading has been persisting and thriving in some cases. It just isn't a flashy hobby that makes it into the news. When is the last time someone read The Catcher and the Rye and killed a celebrity? All the media driven crime motivation is assigned to video games and stuff we can get mad about. 

We don't hear about it, but readers keep reading. Non readers keep discovering reading and becoming readers. Like myself, never read for pleasure before 6 months ago. Since then I've read 22 full length novels and I'm a full time student. I think until our brains evolve to stop making reading so amazing, people are gonna keep reading.
Nah, alive and well.

I don't need data to know that.
Books are not dying. This question comes up again and again with regard to Ebooks. The data simply does not show it. 
I said it the other day and I'll say it again. They're diversifying, not dying.
Nope.

People are buying more books and library circulations have increased.

This is one of those "back in myyyy day things were better" stories with no basis in reality.
Happy Thanksgiving day 
I left thanksgiving with several reccomendations. Screens compete for my time, but books will always have my heart.
I don't think it is dying but I do think it is becoming more niche. As in I remember reading somewhere that the total market for fiction is roughly the same as it was in the past (both in units sold and inflation adjusted dollars), but that as the population increases this means that in relative terms a smaller portion of the population reads on a regular basis, or possibly reads less.

Damned if I can remember exactly where I read this bit of wisdom, sorry, but it kind of seems to make sense based upon my very unscientific observations. I also don't remember if they were throwing stuff like audiobooks into the mix, which are now very popular but once upon a time were not at all significant. 


It *feels* that way to me, I have two nephews and a niece and none of them read at all, but that's about as unscientific as you can get.
For me, it read like a book about social media and modern computing by a human being who is only aware of social media and modern computing through his news bubble.  Eggers is better than what *The Circle* offered.
It was pretty on the nose, but I thought it was alright. It was my first Eggers, so I can't really compare it to the rest. Definitely didn't get me raring to run out and buy more of his work. I thought some of the points he made about our changing view of privacy were valid, but nothing groundbreaking.
I thought it started out with an interesting premise and ending up just being annoying. The plot progression became pretty ludicrous ('The Circle' takes half a page to overthrow the entire American voting system, and no one even hesitates or sees any problem in this?? Yeah, right!) The characters existed in some sort of bubble world where no one ever considers the ethics or consequences of their technology use - and I get that he did that to make his point, but it just doesn't work like that in the real world, so it made the whole thing feel incredibly fake. It was so over the top that I still can't figure out if it's a parody or meant to be taken seriously instead.

Read *A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius* instead. It is, as its title suggests, a much better read.
I enjoyed parts of the story and the questions it raised about technology and social media, but found the main character to be incredibly naive, which bothered me a lot. He was heavy handed with foreshadowing and everything felt obvious and predictable, yet the main character somehow managed not to notice anything wrong or even unusual. I spent most of the book wanting to shake her and tell her she was an idiot. She was incredibly disappointing. 
The story itself had some promise but overall, it fell pretty flat. Definitely was easy to read but I wouldn't say that's a qualifier for being a good book. 
I really liked the book's take on the future of technology and social media and the messages about the implications of its use, but the writing itself took quite a bit of effort to get engaged in because it seemed so bland to me. There would be long dialogue passages that seemed pretty unnecessary, and a lot of it was predictable. But the idea and message behind the whole story was pretty great. 
Having read 1984 Author George Orwell, A Brave New World Author Aldous Huxley, I found The Circle in a charity shop in American slang = thrift shop.  The Book bored me, I got to page wow and stopped reading it, I know it's a parody against social media but it's 2 boring.
I have ADHD and reading is one of the few activities I can do for hours at a time, thanks to selective focus.

When I was in grade school, I had a teacher who would send me off into the corner to read because that's the only way I wouldn't disrupt the class.
I feel you struggle man. I have ADHD as well. Reading actually calms me down and allows me to not zone out as much. But what I would say helps (besides medicine) is reading for 30 minutes and every time you think a thought that you know you are going to zone out on, write it down and get back to reading. After the 30 minutes, look up or do what is on that list for 10 minutes. Then go back to reading. It works with the ADHD instead of against it. Hope this helps
Regular, intense exercise (like an hour at the gym, or a 45-minute run, at least 3x/week) works wonders for me! As a nice bonus, it improves your mood and makes you stronger, look better, and live longer with fewer chronic health problems. But you can certainly do it just for the increased concentration :)
Audiobooks when doing boring stuff is amazing.  You're entertained and get stuff done at the same time.  
I like to read listening to white noise (not truly white noise, oh well) like music in other languages or instrumental orchestras. It helps my focus specially if I'm getting distracted with stuff around me.
I never did find a solution to this problem but to accept it and read only the really really good books.
One symptom of ADD/ADHD is hyper focusing. So while we are often bombarded with conflicting thoughts, sometimes a subject or activity can block those out and instead we hyper focus on that thing. 

As for the suggestions on how to improve concentration, my advice is to become more in tuned with your body's natural cycles. There are going to be times when your energy level is higher or lower. A time when you are feeling extremely fidgety is not a good time to read. 

I took drugs for a few years but felt like the Ritalin was changing my brain and energy levels. So now I try to plan my day out based on how my body is functioning.  It helps. 
I hate reading and I don't have ADHD. What I've done to sort of "combat" this is I read like a couple pages a day or a chapter if it gets to a pivotal part. I just don't "read" for hours on end cause my mind wanders and I stop thinking about the book.
I have ADHD too. I was puzzled about the idea that people were able to read many hours at a time until I started Terry Pratchett's Discworld books. I am able to focus on those for many hours at a time. From the Discworld series to other fantasy works, I found that I am able to read fantasy books for hours without losing focus, so it seems fantasy keeps my attention better than other genres. 

Maybe you have to find something which interests you enough to keep your attention? 
Is that a symptom of ADHD? As much as I love reading I find myself having to bounce back over pages because I zone out a lot. I can't keep focus- I just sort of battle through. I end up having to reread chapters.
I can't ever remember what I've read. I'll read a chapter, put the book down. Then the next day pick it up and start reading the next chapter and I will have no recollection of what happened in the previous chapter.

Of course this happens to me with movies as well. I couldn't tell you in detail about the last movie I watched and if I re-watch it, it's like a new movie to me.
My ADHD experience with books is very similar to yours.
Not sure this is helpful for you, but the only way I was able to concentrate enough to finish my high school history reading was to balance on the back of my chair. It gave the fidgety part of my brain something to do.
Try moving while reading. Either on a treadmill, or within a defined space where you can walk uninterrupted.
Don't plan on reading for hours at a time. If you can manage 30 minutes, then stick to it. Take a break and go back to reading for a certain amount of time. Create realistic and manageable goals. 
> There are exceptions though, sometimes i pick up a book and have to put it down after the first page, while other times i have been able to sit for 2 hours before i start zoning out

When you are interested in something your brain releases the dopamine and norepinephrine needed to keep your neurons firing. You really need to be a positive percy and try to bring out what you enjoy about a subject, it might seem corny, but then life is short and at some point you have to put aside negative thoughts and attitudes anyway.
https://zenhabits.net
Amazing that I made it to the end of the post since I haven't (remembered to) take my medicine yet today. Think the background noise helps me focus and read the most. Television is on in the other room and my daughter is watching YouTube videos on her phone. 
I didn't start taking ADD medicine until after finishing medical school, surprisingly. I apparently developed a lot of coping strategies to help with reading and studying. Would always go to a restaurant or places where there was a bit of constant activity and conversations between other people. Also, bringing things to the gym to read while on treadmill, elliptical, etc. When alone, listening to dance tracks with monotonous beats like trance was helpful. 
Hope it is encouraging to anyone feeling insecure about their ADD (gift) to know that you can still accomplish lofty goals like becoming a Doctor. You just need to learn what it takes to "harness" your brilliant potential. 
Sorry so many words--no medicine yet. Going to get it right now ;)
/u/whycantihavespaces

This is a great topic you have raised.  ADD or not, what you are describing is quite "normal"  (in so far as anything is "normal...") in that it is frankly difficult to concentrate on any one thing exclusively in our multi-tasking culture.  

a few quick points:

1.  reading for only 30 minutes at a time is fine.  Do it frequently if you want to get more reading done, at least once a day.  Doing it at the same time each day can be helpful too.  Don't feel like you have to read for hours on end just because some people do it.  Make your mind and your capacities work for you.  If you want to read for longer at a time, just keep doing what you can do and push your sessions by 5-10 minutes at a time.  Eventually you will be able to read for longer at a clip.  It is by no means an insurmountable goal, but also not necessarily one you have to have in order to enjoy the life of an avid reader.  Push yourself if you like, but don't make yourself unhappy over it.  

2.  I also find first thing in the morning to be the best time to read.  Do your 30 minutes then whenever possible.

3.  If coffee helps, embrace it.  It definitely helps me.

4.  Meditation is an excellent way to increase your ability to concentrate and to have a still mind.

5.  Hangovers...eh.. I know what you mean, but avoid them.  Drinking a bunch isn't actually going to help anything.  Trust me.

6.  Social media is terrible for concentration!  If you think about how much time you spend reading useless crap on social media (and I don't mean you in particular, but all of us) and then think how productive that time could be if you were reading instead, it might help change usage habits.  After considering this for a few months I de-activated all my social media accounts and spend much more time reading.  I'm a happier person in my day-to-day life because of it.

7.  Lastly, exercise!!! It is so good for your mind.  Seriously, work the body out to make the mind stronger.  I was a little late to the exercise game having been fairly sedentary for most of my life and only in the last few years starting to exercise regularly.  I run and do Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.  Find something physical that you like doing and do it as often as possible.  

I was diagnosed with ADD when I was 12 years old as well. I am now 34 years old and I am a college instructor.  I haven't taken medication since I was 13.  You can absolutely improve your concentration and reading productivity, it's just a matter of finding the things that work best for you personally.  

Good luck on your journey!!!
The hangover thing is something I totally experience.  Some of my best, focused work is during a hangover + some caffeine (for about 1.5-2 hrs).  First time I've heard someone else say something similar.  But I hardly drink anymore and I think I like that better.
I have ADHD and I am the absolute worst when it comes to reading.  Right now I only read whatever books I can easily stick to, which sucks because I end up re-reading the same five books over and over while having a hard time being able to pick up anything new.

One thing that's helped me is either to have the audiobook or to read "out loud" to myself, which is usually just mouthing the words as I read them.  This has probably led to why I also leave subtitles on TV/movies whenever I watch them.  I also tend to skip lines so I use a bookmark that I just follow each line with as I read it which seems to help.
The only thing that allows me to read is my ADHD medicine :(
Weekday about books on tape?   Then you can walk or do something while listening.
Hey I'm 26 and I feel your pain man its like one minute I'm reading and the next minute my mind is somewhere else but I still am scrolling through the pages, before I know it I've read a page or two without even paying attention to whats on it. Sounds like you are on the right track, meditation has helped me hone my ability to focus. When I am reading my brain is firing on all cylinders focusing on alot of things, holding the book up, tracking my eyes, reading, recalling from memory what the words mean, generating images, emotions etc. With such a narrow focus the surroundings fall away, but the narrative can easily be derailed by my own thoughts. I haven't tried zazen and reading but that seems like it might help, do be active. Read like your hair is on fire.  Nothing holy about it is a really good book by a guy who had two really great teachers telling storys about them. I don't really know what works best for me or anyone else though as I have a hard time practising. Good luck and keep on doin what your doin right. And yeah I guess I should delete reddit now... damn. 
Funnily enough, i used to read at the expense of paying attention up through middle school. Since about my senior year of high school, ive been able to pay less and less attention to the point where i dont even want to pick up a book anymore. Its sad, and i really do miss it, but i was recently diagnosed with ADD (at 22) and im hopeful maybe medication will rectify this for me, along with a whole host of other issues.
Funnily enough, i used to read at the expense of paying attention up through middle school. Since about my senior year of high school, ive been able to pay less and less attention to the point where i dont even want to pick up a book anymore. Its sad, and i really do miss it, but i was recently diagnosed with ADD (at 22) and im hopeful maybe medication will rectify this for me, along with a whole host of other issues.
I find isolating myself with a book, or just having the right book does the trick for me. In between classes is great for me to read but if I think of my phone I'll be on Reddit instantly. It's just all about not taking out the phone or reading in front of my computer.
Tl;Dr: take a small 5-minute break when focus fatigue happens then try again.


I find reading is absolutelt difficult after a few minutes if I'm not medicated, or hyperfocusing.


When I feel my focus fade or start having to reread sentences constantly I just stop, lean back, take a break for about 5-minutes and try it again.


Usually those few minutes are enough to help jump my focus a little, and it gives me time to absorb what I've just read so it's a win win. Especially simce I tend to miss a lot of little details.
Reading in the bath is the only time I can read atm, it's so relaxing that I zone nicely into the book
It takes me 15-20 minutes of rereading lines repeatedly before I am able to focus and absorb each line as I go. Also, I cannot use PC/phones/tablets to read, it must be an actual book. Otherwise, I'll catch myself alt-tabbing or opening a browser to mess around within minutes.
Practice, discipline. I struggle with my ADHD and bare read a single book for the last 2 years. This year, I knuckled down, set a goal and stuck to it. 
I just finished my 93rd of 2016. It's possible, but there are very few shortcuts or "hacks" in my experience. 

Making a goal, and then a way of tracking it, eg ( http://www.instagram.com/lenoirthethird ) keeps you accountable. That helps. 
i have ADHD, and reading was basically my coping mechanism in school. i've found i need a couple things to focus on at the same time, essentially something that i'm allowed to focus on that isn't my primary focus, that i can absorb a bit of before diving back in.

also moving while reading helps a bit, or moving to a new location to read when your attention flags. for me, listening to music at he same time helps, too. more often than not, reading is one of my distractions while i try to focus on work, or the like, so then i'm reading a page or three and then going back to whatever else.
I have ADHD and I have a really easy time reading, it is one of those things that I can focus on and zone out in.
I don't have ADHD, but I'm pretty sure I have ADD of some sort. I love reading, but 10 or so pages is my max per day before I start to get antsy. It really gets in the way of enjoying books, especially larger ones.
I have ADD and I just have a keep a stack of books on my table, so when I get bored I just pick up another book. I do that less now, but when I was younger I would be reading six or seven different books at a time.
I have ADHD and that is so true. It takes me forever to read a book bc my mind wanders when thinking about the plot dynamics too much
First of all - Hyperfocus is common in many people with ADHD - so anyone who tells you you can't 'focus' if you have ADHD is an uneducated lout.

Until about few years ago my diagnosis was ADHD - and i read chronically - since my second grade challenge teacher bought me my first two books - i never had a problem reading or focusing on reading - even if it was in the middle of a class i was supposed to be paying attention too.  

I think 'movement' might have something to do with it...maybe interaction - web sites / movies / tv, they move, you interact, whereas reading is really not a lot of anything but eyes and focus
When I get distracted it's because I'll read a sentence without registering it, and end up rereading it multiple times and still not getting it because I start focusing on not missing a part of the book that might be important, and eventually just give up altogether. What alleviates this is just letting some stuff go, and trusting my brain to record it without me consciously filing it away for later. I end up enjoying reading a lot more if I let myself go on autopilot for a bit without stressing over it.
Try putting your phone or computer on "Do Not Disturb" mode or even turn them off while reading. Less distractions. Also find the time of day when you can focus more on the book as in the morning if that works for you. For me I usually can read from about 6 to midnight if I'm not distracted. That's my favorite time to read. Any other time I lose focus. 
Same here, but ADD. Sometimes I wish I could get back on my Adderall, but I hate how well it works lol. It makes me a zombie for a good 9 hours, which is great for needing to concentrate on one thing at a time. So I usually just supplement it with coffee or an energy drink. Doesn't work nearly as well, but it helps. Another thing I have to do is turn my phone off and put it on the other side of the room. Or else I *will* get on it and end up mindlessly scrolling through Goodreads or Reddit or Facebook for hours. 
The combination of fish oil and primrose oil really helped me. I didn't like the side effects of the prescribed medication so I looked into herbal remedies. 
There are three places I read.

On the bus/train.

In bed before falling asleep.

On the toilet taking a shit.
Coffee makes reading harder for me. I am already easily distracted and coffee sends me off into my own thoughts and gets my brain running in all directions. I usually smoke weed before reading. Most people say they can;t focus when high, but for me, it lets me get laser focused on the book and shut out all other thoughts to get fully immersed. 
This post was to long. I lost my concentraion... 
I have the same problem (I thought it was because  I smoked too much weed) ,haven't read the whole post. Have lots of questions to ask anyone free???
Having read all 5 ASOIF books, I wanted to chime in on your remark about them being idealistic like Tolkien. I wouldn't describe them that way. They strike me as being much more realistic: it's not strictly "good vs evil" like Tolkien. I did enjoy them and you may too, but I thought I'd pitch in before you bought the whole set.
Idealism is the last thing I think of when I think of A Song of Ice and Fire
You need to make paragraphs when you switch trains of thought also plz
Well, if you like the Narnia books, you should try the Prydain series, by Lloyd Alexander. I enjoyed them a lot more than Lewis' work.

Cool that the Ramayana is mentioned. I read what I think is an abridged version. It's pretty neat to read a mythology with such a different power structure to most western mythology.
> I have since made a close friend who loves The Song of Ice and Fire and, from what I know of it from her, it clearly has lots of the sort of idealism I was looking for.

Lol what? No. Just... no. It is the utter opposite of idealistic.
I would really advice you to read the Corum Books by Micheal Moorcock, especialyl the book Corum
to me they have the Feeling of  Middleearth in the 2nd Age
I've really enjoyed the Ryria books by Michael J. Sullivan.  They feel deeply imagined, they have a hopefulness, and they are just GREAT fun.  Also, Sullivan writes a little differently from most authors-he actually finishes the entire series before he releases the first one!  So his new book, Age of Myth, is the first of a series that will be released predictably and regularly. No worries that he'll drag you into this world and then have a heart-attack and not finish it ( my fear with Song of Ice and Fire).
I'm glad you found your fix! Even if it did take two years haha

I finished **The Return of the King** literally last night...I've been scanning my shelves all morning, picking up various books to try and find something that could measure up to lotr.

Luckily I found something! **Winter of the World** by Ken Follett, second book in the Century Trilogy. I'd read the first a month or so ago. It's perfect for me as I really feel like I need something with a wide scope and big themes after finishing lotr.
I highly recommend Michael Moorcock and his various Eternal Champion series. I would suggest starting with the Elric Saga. He is literally post-Tolkien as he actively saught to change the British science ficton and fantasy landscape. 
Since you mentioned the Ramayana, I suggest you should pick up a copy of the Mahabharata. You will have an opportunity to delve deeper into this otherworldly mystical idealism you like.

And if you want to dip your toes in real world idealism of sorts (after all said world is carried by four giant elephants who in turn are carried by a giant turtle) then try Terry Pratchett's Discworld series.
It's fun that you like Christian Apologism and Hindu poetry.
A Song of Ice and Fire is a really good series. When I read all the books then read the hobbit I found it to be really boring. It's hard for me to continue reading compared to everything that was going on in ASOIAF . Also, ASOIAF isn't ideal.
Library check outs. No more need to drive to the library just log on and download your books. If I find a very favorite I'll still buy the hard copy. 
You can carry a thousand books at once. There are times I'm reading four or five books at once. I also can move right on to another book when I finish what I'm reading, even if I'm at work or a restaurant or something.
I like how I can read in bed with the lights off- I really like reading at night, but having the light on bothers my partner (who wakes at 4am for work). As you said, many classics can be found for a very low price. Also, I've noticed that a ton of recipe books are either free or less than $5, while the print version is +$15. I like how I can toss it into my purse and not having to carry around a weighty book. I do pick and choose which books I buy in print and which I buy on the Kindle, so my library is a mix of both (but it helps keep my bookshelf from getting overwhelmed). Also- you can download Netflix/Hulu/HBO apps, so I use it as a little portable TV whenever I'm doing chores. Super useful :)
I am never without a dozen books (okay, hundreds). If I forget my Kindle and wind up in a waiting area or with downtime, my phone has the Kindle app with all the same books. Even better, the book from the Kindle on my night stand syncs with the phone app, so I can open the book to the same page I left off anywhere I am on any device I have. 

Amazon offers free samples of all Kindle books. I usually download a sample of any book and read that before I decide to buy. That's prevented me from buying some bad books. 

The Kindle allows me to sort books into Collections, so I can organize my virtual bookshelf any way I want. Since it's digital, books are searchable. The Kindle also allows me to highlight passages and take notes, which is great for book club. And if I find an error, like a typo, there's even an easy way to report it to have Amazon correct it. 
2 things that will never have me going back to physical books. 

1. no wrist strain. i can use one hand, often without a thumb, to hold my tablet to read. i don't need to hold the pages open. 

2. time left in chapter/book feature. i know if i can sneak another chapter before needing to leave house or go to sleep. and i know if i will be finishing the current book i am reading during my next long reading session, and thus will need to have a new book lined up.
I resisted getting a Kindle for years because like you I didn't think it could compare to physical books; but once I gave in I was so glad I did for a reason no one else has mentioned.  I am a little older and my eyes aren't as sharp as they used to be and I've found that being able to change the font size and having a backlit screen makes it much easier for me to read without eyestrain.
I would have loved one when travelling for years. Now that "fitting all my possesions in a backpack" isn't a need... 
moving house one too many times.
You're saving a fair amount of paper
Not a kindle but read with a tablet with exceptions for books with a lot of diagrams and/or illustrations that I will keep flipping to.

Finish a book halfway through my lunch break. That was a ripper, 30 seconds later I'm reading the second book in the series.

The dictionary was super helpful when reading Game of Thrones, lots of old armour and weaponry I had never heard of. Caught myself about to use it on a hard copy book once.

Just the ease of browsing and getting a book. Being notified when an author I like releases another one. Search for a specific word/phrase.
Instant access to wikipedia and dictionary is invaluable for the types of books I read. X-ray is fantastic too. I like the highlight feature dumping all your highlights into a single file which can be accessed on a pc. I also like to read a book on kindle first before I decide whether or not to buy a fancy hardback, something I reserve only for the best books I read. A kindle also allows me to buy a book immediately instead of waiting for a physical copy to arrive, because sometimes I decide I want to read something else before it actually arrives.
I thought I was a purist as well, but kindle is just so much better 
Flash sales on kindle books are amazing. I have a running wish list for kindle books that I literally check once a day. You'd be amazed at how many books I pick up for $1.99 that are usually $15.

BTW, no better time to see this than tomorrow! Black Friday I usually will pick up 10-15 kindle books for no more than $50 total.
Convenience
I use my Kobo for two purposes: 

1. To read eBooks that people have sent me to review; and
2. For when I travel. 

Whenever I go away on trips (especially overseas with long flights), I usually pack a bunch of books, buy books at the airport, buy books at my destination...you get the picture. My entire luggage allowance ends up being used on books. My Kobo saves me extra baggage costs and the weight of lugging a trillion books everywhere I go. 
Aside from the extreme convenience, the sales that Amazon has are a big selling point for me. I've read some great books (some of which I might have otherwise not read) for only two or three dollars.

Also, if you have Amazon Prime (I'm not sure because I don't right now), you used to be able to use your Kindle to borrow a free book from the Amazon lending library every month.

And, like was mentioned already, being able to read things like the complete collection of Sherlock Holmes without breaking my wrist is awesome.
I just love the fact that I can read before bedtime and not have to walk over to switch the lights off!

Also, there's so much decluttering of my room after I switched to Kindle :)
Well - aside from the space thing is the cost thing - e books are cheaper than hard backs - often cheaper than paper backs - I read books and stories for the words - the ideas - which don't change regardless of the medium - the only books i still buy these days are impulse buys and books both my wife and i will read since sharing ebooks is a difficult act.

I never really cared about the cover of a book and don't see how it relates to the story itself so i'm not sure how it's a consideration
I completely agree with u/DisappointingOutcome. 

You can have on hand as many as you want assuming you have your device with you. If you use certain services you can read the books where you left off on PC, Android, IOS, etc. It generally is a convenience thing. A lot of the time, book applications come with some kind of markup tools you can do. 
If you're a person like me who likes to read non-fiction (like history or philosophy), but don't have the attention span to stick to just one thing, or like to look up various things on the fly, then it's amazing. I have dozens of texts on my Kindle, which I can bring up whenever I'm curious about something. 
I personally get very OCD about the condition of my books. When I put then in my bag and go places they get scratched, or bent and it drives me crazy so I usually prefer to take a kindle when I go out.
When I deployed my e-reader (I've long since replaced it) was invaluable to me. I love physical books and I have a crap ton of them, but there's not a lot of room for them in smaller cramped quarters you frequently share. Having a ton of books on-the-go or at a moments notice was great. 
It is convenient.
I also buy the majority of my books in a physical copy but a Kindle when you are travelling, even for one book, it's easier to carry (I mean 600 pages books to carry on a plane or train are not so easy), Kindle aside from the flash discount for many book has really interesting prices (a couple of months ago I bought like 6 Philip K. Dick books for $ 10), if you want to read a book but the physical edition price is too high you can buy it for half the price and in the end it is interesting because some books are only in digital.
For me it was the fact I can get the kindle easily in my handbag, I can always line up the next book to start and don't have to wait til I get home, that size of a volume no longer matters, that I can get foreign language titles for the same money and can easily find them... There are lots of reasons and it seriously helped me read on my commute.
I live in Argentina, and there are quite a few books I want to read, but I can't get in bookshops around here yet. And physical imports are... Troublesome around here. Less so than a year ago, but still troublesome. Not to mention more expensive.
My first problem when I was thinking of buying an eBook reader was the screen. E-ink displays are just awesome. I can read for straight 5-8 hours non stop and my eyes are fine. Not holding an actual book is a bit strange but after a while you're getting used to it and I believe you'll love it. 
Ebook reading changed the way I read completely.  If I think a book I'm reading alludes to another book I've read, I call that up in my device and search the text with keywords effortlessly, immediately.  With paper books, I'm less likely to do that, as it's too much work, I may not be able to find the book, I may not remember where in the book the relevant passage is.  

If I'm chatting with someone about a topic that I've read about, I know I can easily search my ebook library and reference and recommend the book, even email a few pages.  

If a passage or a concept is important, or difficult, I can send it to a txt file with a drag and a tap, and I can open than file on my phone and passively listen to the passage with text-to-speech when I commute.

Which means I'm a lot more likely to go back to reuse books I've read.

And even on first read of any ebook, I involuntarily try to remember keywords and phrasing that will help me search if I need the materials again, because I keyword-search my ebook library so regularly, and sometimes I struggle to find what I need and get really frustrated, that search experience trained me to actively process and categorize materials as I read.  

Highlighting didn't used to do much for me in a printed text, sending all the highlighted passages as a text file that I can listen to, edit, review, makes highlighting far more useful.

On a tablet, I use apps that allows me to play with items I've highlighted, rearrange them like flashcards, or mindmaps.

TL;DR: ebooks reduced the barrier to reuse materials I've read, so I feel like I own the contents a lot more than with printed books, which give me a vague sense of having read something, but feels impossible to fish out the right book, right chapter, right concept from boxes, under my bed, or worse yet, on loan to a friend, or returned to the library. 
You can carry SO many books. Switch between them quickly. And it's light. I can have one in my purse at all times. I've often been known to have a physical book in my bag as well, but that becomes difficult when the book you're reading is a hardcover.

That's particularly handy when I want to read a new release that is only out in hardcover but I don't want to carry around a heavy book.

Also, that I can read in bed without bothering my partner is great. She does the same sometimes.
I commented earlier in favor of the Kindle but one major caveat for me: I am a computer programmer by profession, I would never buy a technical book (with code examples) for the Kindle, I find the any non trivial example difficult to follow. I wonder if other folks have difficulty with technical manuals in Kindle form?
I used my Kindle almost exclusively for a few years, until I got to the point where I missed going to a bookstore and holding a physical book in my hand. Now, I use my Kindle for reading at night, checking out library books and buying up flash sale ebooks. I emphatically need both in my life. 
Night time reading is easier. 


You can take a bunch of books with you when traveling. 



You can read while doing cardio at the gym more easily. 



Some books are a lot cheaper. 
Don't have a kindle myself. I've always resisted the idea because I, too, enjoy the feel, smell, and act of holding a book. Plus, the idea of staring at screens for even more than in need to in a day than I need to (after tv and work computer, etc) has always turned me off.

However, after reading these responses I may need to see if there are any good cyber Monday deals for kindles. 
A lot of what people said below.  Say goodbye to bulk, to discomfort when reading long books, to having to flick ahead to see how far to the next chapter...but also for me it didn't entirely replace paperbacks.  I still love real books but having easy and cheap access to so many e-books has meant I see physical books as treats now, which is kind of a nice side effect.  
I tend to prefer my ereader to paper books all the time (excellent lighting, convenience, prefect font and font size etc), but when I'm reading a long, heavy book that preference is even greater. It's all about your personal preference, though! I would always suggest eink readers, though, not a normal tablet. Much more pleasant on the eyes imo. 
Decisive argument in favor of Kindle: my first cataract at 46 (six years ago) and generally a poor sight. Being able to determine the size of characters is very important to me.

While I like books I never worshiped them as objects. I'm more interested in the words than in the cover or in the format.

I like physical format for books I'm gonna read over and over again or peruse now and then (in my case: recreational math books and books about plants and flowers).

For narrative (especially read-once like most of thrillers) I actually do not see no more the need of wasting space on our already overcrowded shelves (probably I have 2000 books and my wife 3000).

I actually prefer both depending on when and where. At work? Kindle. I'm a little OCD about the condition of my books so I always bought the hardcover version for at home and the paperback version for my commute/work. Now I basically do the same but instead of the paperback version I buy the eBook. At home I still prefer the weight, feel and smell of my hardcover books. In bed it's the Kindle again.

So yea, you don't have to convert. Get the best from both worlds!
Travel is the #1 plus to me. I have pretty much gone completely Kindle with only a couple of exceptions the last few years, although when I do get a new hard copy there is that new book smell (ahh...) 
Its just a matter of preference. I got an e-reader a couple of years ago and I prefer my hard copies to it.
PROS: 

* backlight allows reading in the dark (good if you have a spouse trying to sleep or no light nearby)
* comfortable to hold one handed or to set on a surface for hands free reading (aside from turning the page)
* lightweight regardless of length of book, not as intimidating to tackle a very long book
* easy bookmarking (just close it or turn it off)
* easy navigating using indexes/footnotes/sources
* built in dictionary **really** useful, helps build vocabulary and comprehension of harder books
* carry entire library with you on one small device
* can use Calibre to keep library books indefinitely and/or strip DRM from purchased books so **you** own an e-book you've purchased, not Amazon, Kobo, etc.
* don't have to worry about damaging physical copies by putting them in your pocket/bag
* convenience of not having to go to a store when you want a specific books, no need to worry about store having book in stock
* Amazon Kindle library is **large** and only the most uncommon or obscure books usually can't be found
* declutters your home

CONS: 

* sometime books have typos due to text recognition software (can be edited and corrected with Calibre if it really bothers you), really only a problem with older books (new books usually exist in perfect digital versions)
* no books to display on a shelf if you care about that
* doesn't smell as good
* hard to quickly review maps in fantasy books
I use a Kindle because my eyesight is bad and I can set the type to large print. 
I use both, sometimes I want to read a book straight away so I just download it, or if I travel I can take a physical book, but also have the e-reader with a back up book, some short stories, poetry whatever really.
For me the benefits of a kindle over a physical book are:

* Takes less storage space for a personal library

* Adjustable font size and font makes reading easier on the eyes

* There is a greater space for note taking

* I don't have to leave my house to go to a bookstore to buy a book or wait two days for delivery if I ordered from Amazon.
If you do transfer to digital reading, go for an iPad, not a Kindle. 
Travel.

7 years ago I went on a 10-week trip through India and SE-Asia, and literally half of my giant backpack was taken up with reading material. After lugging that around with me everywhere, I bought a Kindle pretty much as soon as I got home.
I used to be hard copy purist, but I bought Kindle. Thanks to Kindle you can bring many books with you. If you have visual impairment (like myopic), you can set the size of the letters and the margin. It is easy to hold, so you can read books whenever you want. You don't have to give up buying hard copies. I still buy hard copies of some books. 
I'm the same way. I have an eReader and I never use it. It just sits on the shelf gathering dust and people borrow it sometimes. I'd rather crack open an old book I've already read and reread it than read an interesting new book on my eReader.

I would recommend reading to your own style.
Project gutenberg. I read The Legend of Sleepy Hollow and a bunch of Edgar Allen Poe this Halloween, a Christmas Carol last Xmas, etc. Overdrive is still my main source but I love this site. 
I was reluctant to use a Kindle at first, but after getting one as a gift, I fell in love! I don't have a lot of room, so it's nice to save my bookshelf space for the stuff I want most as hard copies. (I prefer to use hard copies for things with lots of images, like drawing guides and reference books. Hard to flip back and forth on a Kindle, ha ha. Just as well, a lot of those books aren't available in digital format anyway) A small, thin Kindle is easier to carry around than some bulky books. (I didn't get a car until recently, so the size/weight was extra important for quite a while) If you're traveling away from home for a significant amount of time, and thus may end up reading a lot of books, the small size is once again useful. It's cool to be able to buy and download new books instantly. (especially good if you can't go out for some reason) And it's nice to be able to start a new book right after finishing a different one!

I recently bought a new Kindle (first one broke, I was devastated) and it has a touchscreen. I was hesitant to get it, since I was so used to the buttons of my previous Kindle, but I'm really enjoying the feature where you can press a word and it brings up the dictionary entry, ha ha.
I'm in the same boat as you in preferring hard copies to e-books. But as others have mentioned, there are good reasons to get an e-reader: it's compact, and a lot of the classics exist as free e-books on Amazon. I have not yet found it worth the investment, so I've just been sticking with hard copies.
I am in your boat, I prefer a hard copy, hands down. I owned a kindle, I couldn't get into it, actually read less, got rid of the kindle. The only concrete reason I found to have one is that a lot of my favorite authors release short stories ONLY in e-book format. It's frustrating as hell, so occasionally I break down and buy them for my iPad as a compromise.
You can download books from Project Gutenberg, or from *ahem* other sources. 
I have a nook that I sometimes will read on, but I mostly read hard copies still. Sometimes it's good to have an e-reader and other times I think it was a waste of money 
I loved having it for traveling but I find that they're probably the most fragile electronic item I own? I'm pretty careful with them and don't actually use it that often but I'm still on my third one in four years. They aren't as durable as phones and ipods and laptops so keep that in mind. I don't feel like I can just chuck mine in my bag and carry it everywhere like I do with an old paperback.
Do we really need a description of who Anne Frank is in the title? Who doesn't know her story by now?


https://localtvwiti.files.wordpress.com/2016/11/gettyimages-624859286.jpg


    Dear Cri-Cri,

    If you did not finish your work properly,

    And lost precious time,

    Then once again take up your task

    And try harder than before.

    If others have reproached you

    For what you have done wrong,

    Then be sure to amend your mistake.

    That is the best answer one can make.

    In memory of Anne Frank
Is something going for x4 its reserve price unusual? What's a more normal ratio?

Title seems to think it's a big deal but I have no context to know if it's notable or not.
Ohhhh *THAT* Anne Frank.
To be honest, I thought it would retail for more.
> The man who purchased the poem, a Mr Mangum, was quoted as saying "Although she is now a little boy in Spain, most likely playing pianos filled with flames, I still had to bid on this poem."

hmm
But how much is that in Freedom Units?
Jeff Mangum's been saving up for years for this
As an antiquarian bookseller, that's damn cheap.
I hope it was donated to Holocaust memorial or a charity such as that. 
I hate to be that guy, but I feel like this needs to be donated to a museum. Auctioning it off seems kinda wrong
I'm reading her diary. I wish I knew what this poem was.... also I wish her sisters diary existed still 
And the Wu tang album sold for 1 million...
Dear Cri-cri,

Where the poem? 
Thanks for the detailed titled as to who Anne Frank was.......

Do people seriosuly not know who she was just by name anymore?
How much does that guy look like the dude from Willy Wonka
It belongs in a museum 
I understand buying it but I don't understand how you could sell such a thing, especially knowing her story. 
Bad time to overpay for memorabilia of minorities persecuted by fascists.  That market's going to be flooded, soon.
Is it original written with fountain pen?  
I heard there were some fakes written with ball pen, invented after her death.
It's sad because in her diary she said she wanted to be a writer when the war ended :(
I just wanted to know what the poem said :(
...but why does the guy in the picture look like he is bribing you for an Everlasting Gobstopper?
Rick of Pawn Stars would have said how hard it is to value a one-of-a-kind item like this...
It's a good thing you explained who Anne Frank was.
I kept trying to read the handwriting until I realized it was in Dutch. 
If the money could bring her back.

I hope this ends up in a museum.
Little known fact, Jeff Mangum is a time traveler, saved Anne Frank, his parents raised her as their daughter, later on she changed her name and now they're married. Most people think she died during WWII, but that's what the MSM wants you to believe. 
$148,000 USD for those wondering.
Are we sure /u/ spez didn't change anything in the book before it was sold? 
I wish I were better at deciphering this kind of handwriting.
And a Wagner baseball card sold for roughly ten times that price.
I'm surprised it's not sitting in the Amsterdam museum
I wonder how much the original diary would be worth. Priceless? 
Was the poem any good at least?
I'm more interested in what the poem says.
who knew anne frank was such a prolific writer
Two currencies and neither was usd. 
*Has to double check the conversion rate* 
Nobody has noticed that Slugworth is holding the poem? 
[removed]
Where are the proceeds from this going?
First i read "4 times its deserved price" i was like wtf how can you estimate poetry with this kind of precision?
But can it play Flash video's?
[removed]
What a waste of money. Shouldn't this be in a wwII museum not in some private collectors house?
I'm 'frankly' surprised it didn't fetch more. For real though.
"handwritten"
So she didn't save it in the latest version of Microsoft Office?

Also thanks for telling me who Anne Frank was, I had no idea. I thought she just got famous because she wrote a diary.
Is that guy in the background Slugworth? I guess he found other scams since the everlasting gobstopper didnt work out
I would expect it to be worth at least over a million. 
/r/LateStageCapitalism
Price in freedom units?
Bought by an American hoping it held secret knowledge of how to hide from the Nazis, which they expected to put to good news.
This is a common way to launder money. 
but how many dollarinos?
How has this thread not gotten anti Semitic and racist yet? 
Ctrl + F search for "Grammer Nazi". 

Nothing? Really?

Seems reddit is behaving for once. 
ew. The entire idea that Anne's personal work is being sold like this kinda makes me sick. I couldn't care if she would have wanted  it to be sold etc... etc... I find it lame.
Waste of money. There's gonna be a ton of these kinds of diaries in about 4 years.
Anne Frank, owner of a time traveling ball point pen 
Written with a ball point pen from the 50s just as the diary? ^^
Frank and beannnsss
Her dad probably wrote it .
Thanks for clearing up who Anne Frank was.

If death brought every man fame, he'd leap from the cradle to the coffin.  
But still not nearing the cost it took to produce it. 
You shouldn't need to explain who Anne Frank was..
If you don't know who she was .... 
Well you suck.
/thathappened
Roses are red,
Violets are blue,
They are coming for me,
I'm dead.
Roses are red-
The gas is green-
Can't hold your breath-
As everyone screams...
So Bieber can't take a selfie but we can sell her diary for a fortune. Whatevs Bros and sis'
Reparations
Talk about breaking the glass ceiling. 
And for the first time ever somebody cared about an angsty teen's poem.
I picked up her drum kit for a bargain. Thing's like new. Never used.
*sees euro, looks in parenthesis, sees pounds... accepts that americans are not wanted here*  

Proof that anti-semitism is dead. 
Was the poem about vaginas?
[deleted]
The who the fuck is Hellen keller
Guy who got the winning bid goes to claim the poem only to see rick from pawnstars...
Buyer: "Hey im here for the poem"
Rick: "How much did you spend?"
Buyer: "148 thousand"
Rick: "I can do 250"
Buyer: "What? No I bought it"
Rick: "Alright Alright...I'll come up to 275, but not any higher"
Buyer: "hey man I payed thousands of dollars for that"
Rick: "You know what? Let me call a friend he knows everything there is to know about this kind of stuff"
Why would anyone want that
what a hot topic, it sure is a good poem to read at camp.
I thought someone debunked this girl, proved her story is fake
I think you meant Hellen Keller. Anne Frank was deaf and blind.
Does it come with the guiness book of world records certificate for hide and seek champion?
On my Facebook someone posted what "ghetto" was in terms of Jews, having never heard the word used that way before 
Anne who?
[removed]
Was this one written in ball point pen before it was invented too?
I think her lesbian girlfriend ratted her out. 
Wtf? I thought that dad already got busted for admitting he wrote them?
Why do people buy this shit when everyone knows the whole Anne Frank thing is a hoax and fake.
[deleted]
Picked up hyperion on a whim, is it worth getting into? 
Oh please please please, every human on the face of the earth who likes SF in any way - you MUST read the Three Body Problem trilogy. The best series I've ever read after LOTR. It has everything. Just.....everything. 
"as close as you will get to a hollywood blockbuster in book form." Oh good. Finally. I am so tired of all these crappy books, we need more hollywood blockbuster like books. 
No three body problem? 
They forgot [**The Reality Dysfunction** by Peter F. Hamilton](http://sfreviews.net/pfh_reality_dysfunction.html)  :)
It's world-building redefined bigly!
I enjoyed "The long way to a small angry planet", it wasn't quite as harsh and cold as a lot of scifi tends to be.
*Anathem?*
I read *Behind the Throne* recently, and thought I'd give my take on it for anyone curious. 

Overall I'd definitely I enjoyed it, but it did strike me as being very reminiscent of young adult romances (which is a genre I still enjoy from time to time). It's possible that that's how it's marketed anyways, I'm not sure since I found and read it through the kindles. The main focus of the story is on the relationship between the main character and a few of her guards (both romantic and otherwise) with the rest of the story (such as her investigation of the mentioned "plot") serving more as a backdrop. 

It's worth noting that the world of the story, especially beyond the palace, is not very well built up or delved into. There were definitely some intriguing elements of the society (namely, that it is a matriarchy), but again, these elements did not serve as much of a focus for the book and were not really developed. 

As for the "interstellar plot", I found it to be fairly pedestrian and uninspired. While it did serve as the impetus for some good moments, there were no real surprises or mysteries, the people behind it were barely built up as characters, and in the end it was solved too easily and in a manner which was... badly done, imo. I'm struggling to really find the words to describe it for fear of spoilers, but essentially it made some odd choices/mistakes from a storytelling perspective (at least, imo).

So again, while I did enjoy it, it was more as a romance as opposed to a scifi novel, or as a tale of court intrigue.  
On a whim I picked up "2312" by Kim Stanley Robinson. I'd never read anything by him before and I'm only 70 pages in but I'm so STOKED I picked it up! I love finding a new author that I can get excited about!
Space pirates, blah. What's some good new mind expanding sci-fi? Spin, Children of Time, Dragons Egg, etc. 
My own recommendation for anyone interested, is the Gridlinked saga by Neal Asher. Actually, all his books are awesome. 
Thank you!  I agreed with all the classic picks, so I bought several of the new ones.
I don't know if in the USA is well known or not the European science fiction, then I would recommend 3 masterworks, just one of them European, the first one :

1
REVELATION SPACE Saga
An astonishing and incredibly developed telltale about the next thousand years for the human race.
There are a lot of short tales about the beginning of all of this future, beginning with the war of Mars, where were confronted the common humans and the post humans better known as Cojoiners, a not so numerous hive mind humans that invented new methods of space travelling and habitat building.

From A to Z, the RE Saga is spectacular and wisely developed, letting some room for art writing and unbelievable and unforgettable environments and scenes.

2 American author
Dune

Not too much to say about how warm and deep are the wastes of Arrakis.
Just the first book is enough to know the Universe Frank Herbert built around the planet Arrakis.

3 American author
Crystal Xpress
Bruce Sterling's compilation of his fantasy and science fiction short tales, a masterpiece of imagination and science, a perfect mix of vision of the future and literature.




I might suggest Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy- an absolute classic novel written by the brilliant mind Douglas Adams. It's honestly probably my favorite book of all time and holds its own after all this time. The books following it are pretty great, but at the very least you must read the original- it's what got me into reading.
Revelation space by Alistair Reynolds is good space opera that expands onto a trilogy but still stands good on its own
Thank you. I could use a break.
I realize that the article's goal is to sell things.  But what about good old classics?

Lord of Light, Roger Zelazny

The Einstein Intersection, Samuel Delany

900 Grandmothers, by R.A. Lafferty (short stories, but damn)

Rocannon's Word, Ursula LeGuin, her first novel and a great read, halfway between hard SF and high fantasy.

Anybody else got some oldies to dig up?  
Bought, read, and enjoyed all three of Linda Nagata's *Red* books. Can recommend. Good stuff.
I'm going to read my first Moebuis book...World of Edena this weekend. Not a novel per se...but it looks awesome.
Man I was really digging Leviathan Wakes, despite the fact that Holden was rapidly getting on my nerves. And then they got to Eros. I put the book down about two months ago and haven't been able to make myself pick it back up.

I'm not saying the book was bad, I'm just saying I lost interest. I wish I could get back into it.
I read Dark Run over the summer when the local library picked up a copy, and despite the well designed cover art the book felt incredibly dull and formulaic.   It fits the "Space Western" to a T, and is undeniably written as the setup to a trilogy of other space westerns about the main characters.   That said the author did do a very good job describing the scenes and fictional objects, so the book never becomes boring, but it can be a leisurely and short read.  
Dark Matter was pretty damn cool. Blew through it in days but was fun as hell. Some quantum leap like feel to it with dimensional awesomeness. 

[dark matter ](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/27833670?source=ebfg_sms) 
Escape into ? 
Thousands of years ago Sigourney Weaver......
Stephen R Donaldson's The Gap Cycle is brilliant. Dark, mature and solid sci fi.
The should add the Foundation series and you wont have to talk to your family till Easter.
This is a bizarre list. Mostly recent stuff, but then *Downbelow Station* thrown in. Which was, what, 1982?

And if there's one thing that list isn't, it's the best SF of the last 34 years.
I am currently enjoying HG Wells *The First Men in the Moon.* It is light reading and pure fun. 
I'm adding all of these to my Christmas list!
Nice list
I'd like to read some more SF. Preferably some classic/iconic stuff. I've read Foundation but wasn't enthralled enough to finish the trilogy. Also read 1984, and Brave New World which I both loved. Also read a couple of short stories like I Have No Mouth... Would love some recommendations!
Wish I could, but I just can't read two books at the same time, and I've been slogging through To Kill A Mockingbird for like 6 months. One of the worst books I've ever read
I've wanted to get into sci-fi for a long time, but I'm not sure where to start? I've obviously heard of Isaac Asimov, but I'm not sure if these classics are a good start?

I like science, exploration and philosophy more than war and politics really. Although I've actually read, and really enjoyed, "1984".

How is "I, Robot"? Is it part of a series? I get a little lost in Asimov :p
Queen Le Queif and the Wooden Peg.
Here are some of my personal gripes:


1) What the hell happened with Proctor's storyline? I loved the initial parts of it of him chasing down Diogenes. The suspense and mystery surrounding the kidnapping of Constance (ex. Coffin) was great. But then all of the sudden, we're left with absolutely nothing when he's left in a desert of lions. At the end of the book, he just pops back up in the mansion? What happened in-between? And if this is how it turned out, why the hell did they just leave Proctor out there? It left a very sour taste in my mouth, because it seemed like the authors thought to themselves, "Hm, this plot won't work with Proctor in it. Let's just have him go on a wild goose chase and have him stranded out there to make it more plausible."


2) Why did Pendergast and the FBI agent (I forgot his name) spare Diogenes' life? For Pendergast, he has a moral code. He knows what Diogenes has done to others and to his family. He devised a plot to break apart the mansion while Pendergast was gone, and murdered two innocent people in the hospital. But because of "MUH FAMILY" theme, he suddenly decides to let him go in the last minute? Really?


And what about the FBI agent? He saw his partners die by this man, has his own men killed in attempting to capture Diogenes, and all because of what Pendergast says, he saves him too? What the fuck?


3) What the hell is up with that Obsidian Chamber? It just seems extremely random. Seriously, who has a whole building dedicated to having these random (Albeit significant) events framed like that all around? And to blow it up? Oh, and that attempt to blow it up also conveniently harms the FBI's attempt to capture Diogenes? Again, another last minute effort it seems by the authors to: 1) Display Diogenes as a **damaged** individual who can be "redeemed," and 2) have a nice part of the plot to cause some chaos and explosions.


4) Constance and Diogenes. Good God. This constituted the majority of the book, and this relationship WAS SO DULL. It was extremely obvious that Constance was playing Diogenes, and on top of that, her personality was always boring. Diogenes, out of character, was complying with Constance. Having seen this character do work in the other books, this portrayal was such a drab. It was like The Notebook but with it being obvious of how much Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams hate each other.


5) Oh, another convenient plot move to have both Constance and Diogenes go away! Yeah!






This makes me want to read HP Lovecraft.
I bet he just walks in a room filled with infinite monkeys on infinite typewriters, spouts a few sentences and then leaves content with a weeks work.
Each chapter's like 1 or 2 pages long for all his books. I bet he writes a few sentences for each book every day, and someone else fleshes them out.
Patterson writes along with several co-authors. He says, "he is simply more proficient at dreaming up plots than crafting sentence after sentence."

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Patterson
The Alex Cross series is still credited to just Patterson, but pretty much everything else is co-written.  Patterson writes an outline of about 50 pages (some co-authors have said it was a collaborative process), then he hands it off to the other author.  Other guy fills in the details, and Patterson asks for drafts every couple of weeks to give notes.  
I got my undergraduate degree in Creative Writing and in a couple of classes we discussed the James Patterson technique. What I remember being told is that he has a whole lot of coauthors, some of whom don't even get credited for on the cover. Some of his coauthors are ghost writers. Patterson writes up a detailed outline of each book, with details for what needs to happen in which order, then delivers the outline to his chosen coauthor and they do all of the writing and send it back to him for review before sending it out for publication.  Other authors use this method too, (Tom Clancy did) but Patterson is probably the most prolific because he always has a new book out. 
2 books a month? Really? Wow, that sort of blows my mind. 
As someone who works at a bookstore, I feel the need to comment on how much I despise James Patterson. The amount of books that he "writes" is absurd. His books are in at least 4 sections in my store and we receive 20+ of every new book he comes out with, soley because it has his name on it. Honestly his books could be decent and I would still hate him just based on how long it takes me to try and squeeze all of his books into his section. 
*Metamorphosis* by Kafka. Unsurpassed.
The Stranger, Albert Camus
* **Notes From Underground** by Fyodor Dostoyevsky

* **The Yellow Wallpaper** by Charlotte Perkins Gilman
The Bell Jar
Crime and Punishment
I dunno that I'd hold up any one book as the 'best'; Infinite Jest, Steppenwolf, Journey to the End of the Night and Heart of Darkness all deal with it well.

I'd also echo the suggestions of The Stranger, Metamorphosis and Notes From Underground.
*Steppenwolf* By Herman Hesse. Really deep understanding and analysis of the subject.
I would second *Notes From Underground*, for sure, and add *Hunger*, by Knut Hamsun. 
*Good Morning, Midnight* by Jean Rhys
**A Confederacy of Dunces**
No Longer Human by Osamu Dazai. Truly one of the most existentially suffocating novels ever written. 
(People are going to give me a lot of shit for this)

The Catcher In The Rye.
*So Much to Tell You* by Australian author, John Marsden. Written in first-person journal format. My favourite book of all time.
For other Japanese writers:

Ryunoske Akutagawa's *Spinning Gears*

Natsume Soseki's *Grass By The Wayside*

The latter especially was a brutal read for me about the failure and futility of social relationships.
My autobiography, if I ever finish it.
Slaughterhouse 5 by Kurt Vonnegut
Would second Crime and Punishment and the Metamorphosis and also throw in The Trial by Kafka
Desert Solitaire by Edward Abbey
Kokoro by Soseki Natsume
The Way of Kings, one of the characters Kaladin & his buddies managed to almost accurately portrayed depression, the losing will to live and the fear of failure again leading to not doing anything.

One of the characters in Malazan (the historian) on book 2 also showcased that.
Kobo Abe  The Box Man
Moterman 
Chuck Palahniuk's books often contain elements of this theme.  *Choke*, *Lullaby*, *Fight Club* and *Invisible Monsters* all do it in different ways.  
Wolf in White Van, by John Darnelle
The only term I can think of to describe that would be a "prodigal son"-type storyline, referring to the Biblical parable. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parable_of_the_Prodigal_Son But in general, genre categories don't drill down quite that specific. You could certainly post on /r/suggestmeabook asking for books that meet that criteria, though. There are bound to be a lot out there that are similar.
Snow Crash, Neal Stephenson. The book starts off with the main character having hit bottom as a pizza deliverator, then picks up from there.
That happens in "My own country", a memoir by Abraham Verghese. He was their doctor, these men returned home to die.

It's not exactly what you want but just in case...
I can think of one like this, but it's not a feel-good story. *Provinces of Night*, William Gay.
Some examples that I can think of off the top of my head:

* Give us a Kiss by Daniel Woodrell is a really dark but fantastic type of story like this. 
* Coastliners by Joanne Harris is also really good. 
* The Dressmaker by Rosalie Ham
* The Shipping News by Annie Proulx (well, almost, but similar vibe)
* Room by Emma Donoghue (VERY traumatic event)
Maybe look at three day road by Joseph Boyden
If you're not used to Joyce's writing style, the majority of the book can be imposing and in general confusing and broken English.

For getting used to his style of writing I'd recommend 'A portrait of the artist as a young man' and his 'Dubliners'. Both will get you used to his style while being easier to read (not to mention Dubliners is arguably one of the best short story collections).

As for the content of the book itself, if you haven't read Homer's Odyssey yet I highly highly highly recommend reading it first. A lot of Ulysses is based on chapters of the Odyssey, in fact a lot is making fun of situations of the Odyssey but in a day in Dublin and if you understand the references it can make the novel a lot more enjoyable.

To summarize I'd read The Odyssey and at least one of Joyce's easier novels minimum to get a good reading experience out of Ulysses, you could always read it with a reading companion book to help out but as you said you don't want to do that.

Hope this helps! 

   
You can skip guide books, but it does help to know how each chapter pertains to the different Odyssean adventures...

And yes, you won't get all of it.   I probably only got 20% of it and still found it very rewarding.
Yeah just go for it.

Be prepared to give up once or twice though.  As a casual read, it is dense and the language can be off putting.  I quit reading it about a third of the way through in high school, but with a gun to my head in University, I got over the hump and really enjoyed it.
You go. Nothing can prepare you for it.
As a follow up question, should I read the odeasy first?
Go for it! There's also a great audiobook version on YouTube. This is a book I found very helpful to hear aloud as well as reading it. And if you don't want to get a guide book there is always summaries online if you get stuck on a particularly hard part. 
This might seem like a weird recommendation, but try following along with an audio version for a bit. (There is a wonderful, free recording on [Archive](https://archive.org/details/Ulysses-Audiobook).)

Joyce, like so many modernists, makes sense when you hear him out loud. Ulysses is no exception to this. 
I gave up twice, both times around one-third of the way through. Much later, I tried again, using an audiobook to help me. I got to the end, and I'm really glad I persisted with it. I will read it again one day.
I tried to read it and after every chapter felt like I had no idea what I had just read. About halfway through I discovered that the wikipedia page has a short breakdown of every chapter so I started reading that before I read the chapter. It takes away a lot of the surprise, but it was the only way I could get a grasp on what Joyce was communicating.
what worked for me is reading the book alongside reading chapters in "James Joyce's Ulysses:Critical Essays" edited by Clive Hart and David Hayman.  There is an essay (from different critics) on each chapter, so I'd read an essay and then the corresponding chapter in Ulysses.  This may give things away (spoilers!) but I found that Ulysses is so multilayered it really helped to know what to look for while reading.  Good luck!  It's totally worth the effort! 
The only way I survived a Greek tragedy course wss to read the cliff notes before diving in.
I'd say go for it. It wouldn't hurt to read A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man first though, since Stephen Dedalus who's in Ulysses is the main character of that book.
you might also want to follow frank delaney's podcast Re:Joyce, which goes through Ulysses line by line and talks about all the references and stuff. Its great fun
I've read exactly one book released in 2016, and it's not a finalist. So I wouldn't vote.
I don't understand the concept of Goodread's Best Books award. Let's say in a given category I have read 4 books out of 10. Since I haven't read 6 of them, how can I say that any of those books in that given category is the best one? Naturally I may choose the best one out of the 4 that I've read but if a really good book is among the books that I haven't read, then I've failed in choosing the best book.

Unless all of the voters have read all of the books, isn't this only popularity and not best book contest?
I voted for Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City by Matthew Desmond for nonfiction and When Breath Becomes Air by Paul Kalanithi for autobiography. I hadn't really read most of the nominees for the other categories. A lot are still on my to-read list.
Norm MacDonalds book for Humor, Stephen King for Mystery, and the Nix for fiction
The finalists are all shit
My girlfriend is reading *Lily and the Octopus*, and as two dog lovers the few pages that I've read of it when I've had spare time and too much curiosity have been really tender, emotional and well-written. I've not read too much, but my girlfriend seems to think it's a lovely book. Sort of surprised to see it in the finalists though.

I'm only about half way through it now, but I'm sufficiently impressed *The Outrun* by Amy Liptrot that I'd happily endorse it for my favourite book of 2016. Unfortunately, it's not there.
I rarely vote because I never like the finallists. Somehow the books nominated in various categories tend to be books I found to be startlingly weak.
I love Urban Fantasy and tend to vote for the new Kate Daniels book. Ilona Andrews is one of the best writers in the genre. I usually vote in the UF/Fantasy/Sci-fi categories. 
I won't say this is what happens, but it is my opinion on this.

Depending on the titles you read, it can be an exercise of will. The fact that you actually want to read the book and understand it changes the importance your psyche gives to the act of reading and understanding of the content. You spend more energy on it, your brain remembers words, phrases, actions, patterns, motives and such. The act of consciously making connections also helps you recognize the situations in which you encounter the previously stated examples. 

Of course, this is specific. It's also the fact that reading is an act of will, most of the time. Watching a movie can be brainless, it can be a background action which isn't of importance to your brain. 

Conscious activity, no matter the form it takes, leads to an improvement of kinds. It's not immediate, but it is real. 


Also, this is my perspective, most movies don't delve into the thoughts of the characters. Reading that said character wants to pour water can make you think more into the situation, to what end does he stop the dialogue - to give him more time to think on the situation, to put pressure on the opposing party in the dialogue. 

My point is, it **might** make your general thought process to be more insightful.
Well for a book/movie to have some sort of impact in your life,  it has to mean something to you. Not just something that you read, enjoyed and moved on. Maybe reading a book or watching a movie relating to what your going through, your fears, thoughts, events in your OWN life might help. If you read a book on understanding human behaviors, because your son/daughter is  acting a little different, might help impact the relationship with your son or daughter. If your going through a depression "phase" , it might not help to read a book on Technology. It all comes down to your OWN experiences.
Let me share how reading changed my entire worldview: I used to be a religious person. Reading made me realize all the problems with my former religion and a religious worldview to begin with. After letting go of religion I had to change my worldview, and reading books such as Carl Sagan's 'Cosmos', 'The God Delusion' by Richard Dawkins (among many others) helped reshape my worldview from a religious one to a science based one. 

So yeah, reading quite literally was my gateway to freedom of mind!
There is nothing to say that a movie can't have an impact on you, they just have less time to do it.
What books do you usually read? What books have you read recently?

It could be a matter of circumstance that you haven't yet read anything that profoundly affected you. 
I used to get more out of movies than novels. Then I discovered Kafka, Conrad and Jane Austen (in that order, as it happens). Since then, novels tend to get to me more than movies. 
I don't know about you guys but I start thinking of small moments in my life in a literary sense, sometimes in my thoughts I describe the moment in words in third person. Just happens. I love those happy little moments. Plus, your vocabulary grows! The ideas, plots, character types, after reading books you have more of a sense of what people are like, and different situations. I love it.
You don't remember them after 3 months? I have a bunch of my favorite books in my room on shelves, and I can remember the plot points and main details in basically 80% of them.

I re-read because I forget most of the details, but I am surprised to see you feel that way. I think you may retain more factoids and "useless knowledge" than you are even aware of TBH, or at least I do. 
Reading more gives you an increased vocabulary and makes you a better writer. I personally think it enhances your depth of character as well.
Reading has changed me from an un-curious person to a lifelong learner. Every book is an escape, a broadening of my horizons, it adds to my knowledge base of both useful facts and concepts as well as giving me entertainment and hobbies.
This isn't as thought-provoking as some of the other answers, but it helped me rein in my spending and stop drinking as much. I went for a year without reading much (immediately after leaving grad school, I just had no interest in reading) and found myself very bored, so I went out a LOT. I just didn't know what to do with my time. 

Now that I've gotten back to reading, I'm totally happy to come home after work, put on my slippers, and spend the evening with a book. 
Because a person reading a book instantly becomes more attractive and a person  watching a movie does not. ;)
Well, I will expand on my opinion here. So, Good books..They give me a high for 2- 3 days..like I am on liquor. But, then I read something else and I am on a new high. Its the same with TV series. Movies are too short for any character to grow on me. But, I root for the story, the characters. Philosophy or life changing attitude is not something I relate with my own experience.
Truly a wonderful mind, and a wonderful heart to guide it. Pratchett's books are an all-time favourite of my son's, and indeed were the only books he seemed interested in reading. I, myself, prefer the classics, or the occasional "summer thriller" on the beach, and at first I was apprehensive at the prospect of my teenager reading what I considered to be "children's books." 

Percy's father left when he was very young - it just didn't work out between us - and I feel like he often retreated into himself in order to cope, spending many hours with a book in hand, or - less commonly - his gameboy. I guess I just wanted to make sure he was spending his time wisely; I was worried that, though he was certainly reading a lot (which was preferably to spending time in front of a screen!), he wasn't applying himself or cultivating his mind. I felt like there was no end to the Pratchett books (there are so many!) and I was told by friends that many such fantasy series were comparable to cartoons or comic books in terms of writing. 

I tried to get him to read such works as I had enjoyed when I was younger, even went so far as to buy him a complete set of the Wordsworth Classics "adventure" titles for his birthday, but he'd spend every quid of his allowance on those Discworld novels. At last I confronted him about it, and was surprised by how verbose he was, when he spoke in Pratchett's defence! He convinced me to give the novels a try, and I ended up enjoying them (though I suspect I'm not exactly the target audience!). 

Now I no longer distrust my son's judgement, and I'm so happy that he seems to not only grow on the inside from reading about these wonderful characters and worlds, but that he's also coming out of his shell and really getting a wider grasp of the world. The past 10 years or so have been hard, with the separation and issues of alimony... indeed Percy was much wounded by his father's decision to move out to the country. They never see each other anymore, and I'm sure it's been a blow to Percy's confidence. 

As for myself, it's been a chaotic time where everything seemed to resolve around my ex-husband. I'm happy to say that I was there for Percy in any way I could, but even so it's been a question of healing for myself, as well. I regret that I wasn't able to find a suitable man after the divorce, as I think Percy would have benefited from a better father figure - more respectable than my ex, which wouldn't be hard to find! Now that I'm older, I find it much harder to attract men... indeed Percy is on the cusp of adulthood, and as such I confess that it is mainly out of my own desire that I wish to find myself someone new! Perhaps it is too self-indulgent, or even too optimistic, to think that I might find marital happiness at this tender age of 42... But just like in Pratchett's lovely novels, the impossible can always happen!
"...telling the television interviewer Katie Couric in 2005 that "I've got plenty of money, more money than I ever dreamed I would have. But I am not a billionaire." She has remained publicly silent on the subject since."

"So I set out this week to assess the size and scope of her fortune, not to invade her privacy but because she's that all-too-rare commodity in the ranks of the ultrawealthy - a role model."

I'm not sure that makes any sense.. Sure seems like he is invading her privacy... And because he thinks she's a role model??
In my 20's I digested every word I could find of Vonnegut, FItzgerald, Salinger, Flannery O'connor, Cervantes, Dante, Kafka, Marshall Macluhan and Chomsky. And lots of others... Beat working.

But really, it was Hesse. All and always.  Demien, Siddhartha, Journey to the East, Steppenwolf and Das Glasperlenspiel. And especially Knulp. I talk about knulp on this and other subs whenever i can. I've never met anyone else who read it. But it fundamentally changed everything for me. My priorities and person. I even ended up living in Bavaria and spent 15 years overseas- wandering and backpacking and rootless. Still, it resonates personally and on a level i have given up trying to understand. I wish Hesse were more widely translated and read in america.
You've got to read Moby Dick. No other book I've ever read is as poetic, philosophical, and biblically epic as the tale of the White Whale. There's a reason why it is so ubiquitous in American culture; it really is that good.
The Demon Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark

Billions and Billions

Fight Club
You can't go wrong with Steinbeck.

Grapes of Wrath or East of Eden are must reads in my opinion.

A notably shorter book that had a profound impact on my life was All Quiet on the Western Front. 
**Fiction**

American Pastoral

Mao II

Midnight's Children

**Nonfiction**

On the Genealogy of Morality

The Open Society and Its Enemies
Gone with the Wind

The Female of the Species

The Things They Carried

Code Name Verity 

To Kill a Mockingbird 

Gone with the Wind is a good choice of book to read, imo. It's a classic but not as many people seem to read it these days. It took the world by a storm when it first came out and I can see why; I finished the book in a few days and you feel like you, yourself, have survived through the Civil War after you finish it. 

Hamlet by William Shakespeare

The Catcher in the Rye by J.D. Salinger

Dune by Frank Herbert

A People's History of the United States by Howard Zinn

The God Delusion by Richard Dawkins
tropic of Capricorn by Henry Miller
A Prayer for Owen Meany-John Irving 
Probably **The Shock Doctrine** by Naomi Klein.

I was libertarian verging on apolitical before I encountered her work. It was a real wake up call about how important it is to study the relationship between government and economic policy.
1984, read that in my mid twenties, hit pretty hard.
My twenties were shaped by Wittgenstein's blue and brown books, The Selfish Gene, and The Grapes of Wrath.

*Grapes* shaped my view of community, and what Life means as a verb. Dawkins was my first introduction to evolution - you could exchange Gould or any other competent biologist. Doesn't really matter. It gave me a sense of history and place, and made me think about social context in terms of competition, and goals we don't even know we're pursuing. Finally, Wittgenstein made me think about the relationship between language and truth. He gave me the confidence to come out and say that some questions aren't *difficult* - they're just very poorly constructed.
Maybe a bit cliché but for my early 20s : it was JD Salinger. Especially Franny and Zooey. His characters are often extremeties but they ve been very inspiring 
For Better or Worse:

Gone With the Wind

A Man's Search for Meaning 

The Fountainhead 

Atlas Shrugged

The Bean Trees - young woman leaves her hometown and tries to make her way. I don't want to give away too much.

Franny and Zooey - two siblings struggle with identity, individuality (without conforming through bohemianism), and ones place in the world.
1. Catcher in the Rye  by J.D. Salinger
2. The Alchemist by Paulo Coelho
3. God and Stephen Hawking by John Lennox

Book 1 and 2 above are about life. Book 1 changed my perspective towards people who fail in school and those who are afraid to become adult. Salinger gave me a sympathetic window to view those kind of people. Book 2 is about reaching your dream no matter what comes along. And this book really motivated me to reach my dream. Although it will take several years, Paulo Coelho gave me guidance to what I'm doing now. That bit by bit it should points toward my dream. 

Book 3 is philosophical, since I was a college student I believe to Creator who caused the universe but I don't believe to any religion.
This book gave a counter argument against atheists, particularly Stephen Hawking. I am inclined in physics but the claim of Hawking that the laws of physics for existence of universe can deny the existence of Creator does not please me. This book really shaped my metaphysical view of the world. 

I am currently reading Age of Reason by Thomas Paine, who also debunked religions for the illusion and damage they brought to mankind. 
Not a literary stand out, but Bear Grylls autobiography Mud, Sweat, and Tears is a phenomenal book for someone who enjoys reading about adventure, motivation, and pushing yourself to be your best. The book is filled with inspiring pieces of his life that I very much needed. I highly recommend this read!
Brave new world obviously.
The Brothers Karamazov. 
Fight Club
I'm 26. And it's only in the last four years, since 2013, that I took reading seriously, because I want to become a writer. Anyways, the books that most impacted me ever since are:

* Walden by Henry David Thoreau
* Into The Wild by Jon Krakauer
* The Alchemist by Paulo Coelho
* Harry Potter series, by, ofcourse, J.K.Rowling
* Man's Search for Meaning, Victor E. Frankl
* Outliers by Malcolm Gladwell

to name a few
beggers in spain... the basic premisis is two events happen, the first more dangerous than the second... the first is genetic modification of fertalized eggs become very common, with some more odd modifications still being researched but not completly approved. the one that matters here is the sleepless, ie, you never need to sleep. well... its found out that the sleepless because of the way they had to rewrite the entire genetic code so everything that happened while you were asleep happens while your awake... are functionally immortal... they also tend to be hyper intelligent because its only the rich that can afford to try something so drastic,and they want to code for intelligence as well. the second is a form of cheap unlimited energy is discovered and patented within the us.. the book mostly ignores the rest of the world (naturally) but in the us as the sleepless come of age the world, expecially the states stratifies into the hyper rich - the hyper rich being the sleepless who grouped together to run several tightly linked corperations... the working class... more or less because they want to not have to(most is automated and run by computers) and the non workkng class, their lives subsidized by the cheap energy...  of cource 75 years later the sleepless are barely in middle age or not even... almost all of them have either retreated to a space station of their own design, or live in heavily fortified compounds on earth... and the patent expires and the states no longer has a way to support its poppulation leading to massive class warfare.. threats of nukes against the rich sleepless countered by threats of biological weapons deployed against the poor by the rich.. and a tax rate of 99% on the sleepless corps..

idk.. it just had me really thinking of what everyones social contract with the rest of the nation even as they chase their own goals... and something that resinates more and more as electronics start destroying jobs quicker and quicker.. and the rich running the few closely knit corps just claim more and more of the worlds wealth... 

the rest of the trilogy isnt as good as the first... but it is still good and explores the fallout.. collapse of society as noone can afford(or knows how) to fix anything... a slight copout by the hyper intel autistic/apsergerish sleepless children of the sleepless who unleash a virus to make it so people no longer need to eat (they produce chlorphile) and... the final semi destruction of the sleepless and their children.. with only the fertalized eggs for the third generation of sleepless surviving, sent to one of the few organizations still alive for them to decide if the eggs should survive or be destroyed... 

another is one my dad had me read - vectors.. what if human souls actually reincarnate, and as virtual reality becomes true, one group finds a way to scan a soul... so that they can recognise it in its next life.. it raises idk, can a relationship become eternal at this point, being pointed to one another life after life with use of this software.. and... just everything... it really just explored that... but... someone whos a murdered one life... are they the next.. and if they are in the next and the next and the next... do they instantly get jailed for the rest of eternity every time they are reborn? 
Anything (everything) by Vonnegut.
I was quite a fool,   
but Joyce's Ulysses awed me, 
molding my young mind. 

Prep - Curtis Sittenfeld. I really related to the main character who seeks popularity but doesn't get it.

American Psycho - Bret Easton Ellis. Really showed me the excesses of the eighties. Also, alienation.
Grapes of Wrath, Confederacy of Dunces, Death & Life of Great American Cities
Genealogy of Morals. Nietzsche
The Sirens of Titan by Kurt Vonnegut - so hilarious and weird and interstellar! Every person I then recommended this book to told me they fell in love with it.
*The Three Musketeers* by Alexandre Dumas

*Foundation* Trilogy by Isaac Asimov
I spent my teens reading more of the classics; mythology, beowulf, wordsworth, keats, lord byron, shelleys, and Paradise Lost was my favorite. By my 20s I was a looking more contemporary and felt pessimistic, which later became acceptance and the lingering though of optimism and maybe the world had some interest- my reading reflected this. Here's a few.  


1984

Brave New World

Misc. Hardboiled fiction

Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas

Nightfall

The Draco Tavern

The Old Man and the Sea

The Nasty Bits(and other Bourdain written works)
Still in my 20s, but sorta late 20s (26). I'll chime in:

Fiction: 

**Stoner** is my top choice. Brilliantly written and speaks to the beauty of a life that is not necessarily extraordinary. It made me more okay with a life without fame and glory and at the same time emphasized the value of being passionate about your profession. 

Non-fiction: 

**The biographies of Albert Einstein and Steve Jobs**, both written by Walter Isaacson. Very well written and inspiring. 

**Manufacturing Consent** by Chomsky. A little outdated, but still very relevant for today's balkanization of the media. 

**A short history of nearly everything** by Bryson. It's hard to read this book without becoming more informed about the world in general. 
Siddhartha,  Carlos Castaneda,  Steinbeck, Tolkein
Any and all books by Chris Crutcher offer an amazing perspective on how circumstances can shape people's worldview and how a little bit of kindness, patience, and understanding can go a long way. Whale Talk, Chinese Handcuffs, and Deadline are probably the most impactful I can think of.
Romeo Dallaire's "Shake Hands with the Devil". Listened to the man himself speak about it, and his experiences in Rwanda during the genocide were eye-opening.

Hugh MacLennan's "The Watch That Ends The Night". An older novel, but one that still sums up the Canadian identity and the frailty of life in a way I've never seen before. "Two Solitudes" is amazing as well, but I'd still give the edge to the former.
Blood Meridian

A Farewell to Arms

Nemesis

Reading in the Dark

Trainspotting

Lanark

The Rotter's Club

Metamorphosis (and other short stories)

The Granta Book of the American Short Story

Barn Burning 

The Pale King

Consider the Lobster (and other essays)

Edit: Formatting

**fiction**

Monalisa cyberpunk - **william gibson**

Condominium - **ballard**

**philip dick**

a scanner darkly

Dr. Bloodmoney, or How We Got Along After the Bomb

The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch

Flow My Tears, The Policeman Said

Martian Time-Slip

Time Out of Joint

The Man Who Japed



heart of darkness - **conrad**

The Tartar Steppe - **dino buzzati**


**non-fiction**

If This Is a Man(Survival in Auschwitz) - **primo levi**

Education of a Felon: A Memoir - **edward bunker**

Finchè i piedi ci portano - **Josef Martin Bauer**

Roughing It  - **Mark Twain**

Electric Don Quixote: The Definitive Story of Frank Zappa - **neil slaven**

The Universe in a Nutshell - **Stephen** *Fuckin'* **Hawking**
 
it's only a short list

A Brave New World spoke to me.

Also enjoyed The Trial (Camus).

Much Ado About Nothing (Shakespeare) was life changing for me, I took it with a teacher who explained all the jokes. That's when I became obsessed with him, he is pretty much the clap back king. If you go with this, Dirty Shakespeare is a great companion book.
Wow, lot's of classics in this thread. The books that shaped my 20s are the following:  
  
"The Solitaire Mystery" and "Sophie's World" by Jostein Gaarder  
"Demian" by Hermann Hesse
Guns germs and steel. JD
It was a tie between Yukio Mishima (the sea of fertility cycle is epic), Vonnegut (anything), Anthony Burgess (anything) and George Orwell (anything). I'd check every second hand bookshop everywhere I went to buy them 😅 

I'm forever jaded in favour of the books but certainly at the time they were just right as an angry young nihilist
I had been thinking of doing Anna Karenina for the project. Does anyone have any idea if that'd be a good choice? I've heard it's considering the greatest novel of all time and it's pretty outside of the lit that I usually read (typically 20th century American)
The most meaningful and profound book that I came across has to be James Allen's As A Man Thinketh
A lot of 70s and 80s science fiction, so I got quite an open mind. If I had to list one then 'The Dispossessed' by Ursula Le Guin because of it's portrayal of an anarchist society. It still feels like a very solid morality.
The truth is "I hope they serve beer in Hell" by Tucker Max. Was probably the most influential book of my 20's. Mainly because it got me back into reading. It happened to have that effect for a lot of my friends.  Also,  Tucker's book list was full of many of the suggestions posted here. Which is how I stumbled upon "The Alchemist - Paulo Coelho" which then literally changed my life.  It's a soul touching book that makes you believe in the possibility of nearly everything.

From there I remember moving on to "Thomas Jefferson - The Art of Power" his biography. And I found myself midway through realizing I didn't want to read a book on Jefferson. I wanted to read the books he read. I wanted to get his understanding of the world. So I looked into the "Jefferson Bible". Started a spiritual endeavor. Which major books I remember being "End of Faith- Sam Harris" , "Tao of Pooh - Benjamin Hof" "Tuesday's with Morrie - Mitch Albom" "The Last Lecture - Randy Pausch". These books all together helped me learn there is a difference between faith and understanding. Between physical presence and mental presence. How to live and how to die. 

The next book came to me at just the right time.  It is "Drive - Daniel Pink" it is a Non-fiction book. That, after watching a very compelling documentary series "Zeitgeist", really drove home a new reality of human nature for me.  Growing up in the capitalist society of the United States we get a real black and white image of what motivates people.  Basically Adam Smith mixed with Machiavelli.  This book flips our beliefs of the carrot and the stick motivator on its head.  It made me empathize greatly with my generation that blindly went forward in school and careers without any real questioning of their own motivations. It was simply "the right thing to do". 

This answer may not be what you're looking for exactly but I felt compelled to write my story. I think because I read a lot of the books people say here as well.  A lot of those books you sit with and they stay with you subconsciously for a while.  They appear in your everyday life and you say "oh, Ahab" or "ah the universe speaking to me again". But some books just black and white build structure into your identity. Which is what we do in our twenties we try and understand as much of the world as possible.  We try to get all the answers and we try to move forward. They may be great for your subject. But I think there are sometimes questions you sit with repetitively in your 20's. And all these books touch on multiple questions. Sometimes though you need to find the source of your question. If you're struggling with death I dare you to read "Tuesday's with Morrie" and not come out feeling more at peace. That is basically what I'm trying to get at. 

With all that said I would use "Alice in Wonderland" for your project.  It's a book full of symbolism and easy to read over and over again.  Anna Karenina is hard enough to get through once let alone twice in a single semester.  Plus you can learn the most valuable lesson a single line of literature has taught me.  

"You're entirely bonkers. But I'll tell you a secret. All the best people are"

Proust - In Search of Lost Time (particularly In the Shadow of Young Girls in Flower)

Henry Miller - Tropic of Capricorn

Thomas Mann - The Magic Mountain

Cormac McCarthy - The Crossing

Patrick Leigh Fermor - A Time of Gifts

W.G. Sebald - The Rings of Saturn

like most posters in this thread I also consumed most of the Beats, Hesse, Joyce, Emerson, and Thoreau during and immediately after college. In my late 20s and now at 32 I've finally tackled The Brothers Karamazov, Moby-Dick, East of Eden and much of Steinbeck's work and wish I'd read those sooner (or even before practically all the Beats!). John Williams' Stoner, Robert Graves' King Jesus, and Knausgaard's My Struggle (Books 1 and 2 in particular) and A Time For Everything are some other massively influential books on my life/outlook that I wish I'd encountered earlier as well.
Paul Auster, particularly his early books.
Try _Tai-Pan_ by __James Clavell. This book made me realize how much maturing I had to do.
hmmm...

i want to say something more 'fun' or well known to everyone than this one, but for my twenties, this one book just keeps becoming more and more relevant: *The Good Earth.* it's by Pearl S. Buck. it starts out as this rags to riches historical drama about a peasant and his family in a changing China at the end of the 19th century. then it turns on it's head totally to become this incredibly sharp social commentary on everything from gender relations and patriarchy, to class in Britain and China, to even the damn bible. it's a fucking trip.

i find as i get older, it keeps informing me on how people act, how social change happens, why progress can be scary and doomed, how families work. the years pass but *The Good Earth* keeps becoming more relevant. 

read it. if nothing else, Pearl S. Buck's writing style will most likely remind you a lot of GRRM at certain points, so if you like Game of Thrones, that's pretty interesting considering how far apart their subject matter could be said to be.
Believe it or not Thomas Hardy works.... I loved *Jude the Obscure*, *Far from the Maddening Crowd*, and *The Mayor of Casterbridge*

It was a phase....
Atlas Shrugged and Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance.  I'm diverse.
By the sounds of it, this is a watered down version of Kindle Unlimited and it is only available in the US right now. Given the already limited selection of good books in Kindle Unlimited I'm not too excited to get this in Canada, sure free books are free books but as I was browsing through the selection available for the full Kindle Unlimited I found only a handful of books I would have actually read.
Is this the prime "lending library"?  I looked though that the other day and it seems like 20% of the "books" are "how to use prime".  I didn't find anything I wanted to read.
The library's digital collection far surpasses anything amazon has thrown out there so far.  And before you say "I live in a rural area with a shitty library and no digital selection and my dog has AIDS" let me just remind you that we live in 2016 and many state libraries allow people who don't live close to them to get at least a digital membership.  For instance.  I do not live in cleveland.  However, this has not stopped me from legitimately obtaining a [cleveland public library membership](https://onlinereg.cpl.org/).  So if you live in the middle of nowhere for some reason do a little research on the large cities and their libraries in your state.  or give them a call.

Also, i'll just remind you.  Kindle books obtained via the library have the exact same copy protection on them that kindle books obtained via Amazon purchase have.
This is kind of lame. It's the same "books written by friends of New York Times editors" stuff we've been seeing (and being disappointed by) all year.
Great! Thanks for posting this. I personally can't wait for NPR to come out with their Best Books of 2016 (the "Book Concierge" thing)... I think it should be soon!
I dismissed the list when I saw Before The Fall by Noah Hawley. They aren't listing good books that they liked, just any popular ones that had some hype. And picking 100 books is overkill. If they picked 25, it would give those selections a lot more weight.
LS should stay where she is.
This is pathetic
So, it's fanficiton? These authors are pathetic and the family members selling the rights to these works are even worse.
how is The Girl in the Spider's Web compared to Larsson's trilogy? I stopped after Hornets nest cause I wasn't sure about reading someone elses interpretation.
This goes for even the Bourne series. But seriously, they should stop making these sequels they mostly ruin the original experience. Are mostly a money making scheme piggybacking off of the original franchise.

This needs to stop but I know it won't happen.
good, I'm glad this series is continuing
>  tuberculosis was in decline, which was bad for business

I lol'd
I know several people that don't like to read, and they pretty much follow the demographics outlined by pew: high-school or less, low paying job, no smart phone. A couple of them have learning disabilities that make reading a hassle. 

They just want to turn off when they get home from work and after making dinner, making sure homework is done, house is tidied, kids are showered, teeth are brushed, and no one is sneaking out of bed for a glass of water. They spend the weekends catching up on chores or working a second job. Though it does make me a little sad that the kids may be missing out on the myriad benefits of 'book culture,' I can't judge them. 

Anecdotal Story: Years ago when those Harry Potter movies were still coming out I knew a guy who was something of a "dude-bro". Anyways he once told me he was excited to see one of those said Harry Potter movies and I (giving him the benefit of the doubt) asked if he read the books at all. His response was literally "I don't read books. Books are stupid" an he didn't even make it seems like a joke or anything. It was the first time I witnessed an adult say something like that. Needless to say I was bewildered by his candor.
As someone who hasn't read a full book since childhood I can understand this. For me, I struggle with books, mainly the memory side of things. I'd read 3 chapters one night, then the next day I'd completely forget what I had just read the night before. Although I don't expect myself to be able to remember every single detail, it's extremely demoralizing when you read a really nice line in a book, then just can't remember it the next day. I think it's to do with text just not being memorable to me or something.
26% of adults doesn't read a single book in a year. That's quite a lot, but more or less what I'd expect.
I wonder about this data in Brazil. 
Can someone please explain why people always seem so concerned about how many people are reading?  Not trying to hate or anything but no one is concerned when people watch less TV or listen to less music.  I know reading is good for your brain especially when compared with TV which is arguably bad for your brain but we don't get this concerned when people don't do other "good for you" things why is "people not reading" such a big deal.  Looking for an honest explanation, really not trying to be negative. 
How can so many high schoolers not read for a year? Aren't novels assigned to be read in school?
"...those living in households earning less than $30,000 and those who have no more than a high school diploma or did not graduate from high school are the most likely to report they have never been to a public library."

Are they sure? Because at most of the libraries I go to, these are often the people sitting at the computers looking at Facebook/porn while their kids run around screaming, unattended. 
I use to not read at all. This semester I have taken a lot of reading intensive classes and it changed my whole view on books and reading. I find myself craving to read now. I love it.
I am surrounded by people who are proud of not reading anything beyond a magazine. I know plenty of people who brag about not opening a book since school with some of them in their 30s. Even my family was split about 50/50 with half being constant daily readers and the other half never reading unless it was absolutely required. 

My wife and I have read thousands of books. Our son, at 22, has probably read 50 total and 95% of those were required for school. 
Most Americans? Is this like that article that alleged Americans "didn't know what to do with books?"

Edit: It is not like that article.
Most people
I read it. I don't have rules for myself other than to read and enjoy.
Yo, you're over thinking this. Read what you want. And you can read more than one book at a time, btw.
Read what you want to read, not what you feel like you have to read.
Why do you have a "dreaded pile" at all? Give those away and read books you want to read. 
I accrue fines until I read it. I typically pay the library up to $50 two or three times a year.
I read what ai feel like. Generally I stick with one book to completion, but it only takes a day to knock one off.
I totally get this question. Studying literature at university always makes me choose between what I want to read and what I have to read - though after a while there is some noticeable overlap. 

I tried the system with one novel for university, then one for myself, then one for university again, and so forth . . . ultimately that didn't quite work the way I wanted. 

Right now I'm using a system where I read 2 (max. 3) books at the same time. It's always an assigned number of pages on the uni text, and then I'm free to read for my own pleasure - which is sometimes divided into fiction and non-fiction, depending on my mood.
Life's too short to put off the books you really want to read.
I just start it. Right now I've got four books I'm in the middle of.
I read the book I want to read. I do try to leave a gap between book orders to encourage myself to go back to the "to read" pile, but if I really want to read something I read it. 
Intentionally become ill. Rather take pills that makes me feel like shit yo
If there is no reason to get other reading done before the book you want to read most (reading for school for example), then just let that book be your top priority! 
It's called priority queue. Use it wisely. 
Screw the pile, read the book lol

Seriously if you aren't reading them(not because of procrastination) because you aren't in the mood you aren't gonna enjoy it anyways. So just read whatever you want to read
I read whatever I'm in the mood to read at the time. When I limit myself to trying to finish one book without starting another I usually end up reading more slowly then if I had just what read what I wanted to read and come back to the other book later.
I have never felt obligated to finish a book.
Read whatever you want to read whenever you want to read it. You could be hit by a bus tomorrow, or the sun might explode.
This is the first I've heard of him. Can you elaborate on what you like about his writing?
I read Ridley Walker earlier this year, and it was pretty mind bending. I did feel like by writing such a philosophically abstract book in such a dense distant-future dialect he ran the risk of losing a lot of people, but I agree - it is such a strange and eerie work, and unlike any other apocalypse novel I've ever read. I heard that David Mitchell took inspiration from it for the 'Sloosha's Crossing' section of Cloud Atlas. I can believe it.
I'm probably the only one here who's mentioned Hoban in the past 3 years, purposely name-dropping Gaiman and Bowie eulogies.

"Pilgermann here." is as awesome an opening line as "Call me Ishmael." Many reviewers refer to Pilgermann's deep religiosity, but I believe it's one of the few works that describes what art is, it takes a lot of thought to understand Hoban's "notness and goneness". I could read 100 times every conversation between Pilgermann and Bembel Rudzuk.

I discovered Russel Hoban in Granta #13 short story "A Conversation With The Head Of Orpheus" which later became Medusa Frequency. For me, Hoban's short story was the literary lightning bolt, the only books I've read with similar effect are T.E. Lawrence's "Seven Pillars of Wisdom" and Tim O'Brien's "Going After Cacciatto".

"Turtle Diary" remains my recommendation for the ever popular question of book vs. movie, and again purposely name-drop that Marsha Mason and Ben Kingsley both say it's their best work.

Russel Hoban's later works are varied. I read a reviewer's claim that "Angelica's Grotto" is first novel to literarily deal with internet pornography. "Amaryllis Night and Day" is just a beautiful dream, and gets my vote for prettiest title ever.
Ha! I just googled him and he wrote the "Bedtime for Frances", "A Birthday for Frances", etc books. I remember those from my childhood! Thanks for the tip -- I'll check out his books for adults
ultimate philosophical novel & Camus, does not compute.
Didn't he train then assassinate Commodus?
Sherman Alexie: The Absolutely True Diary of a Part Time Indian, Reservation Blues, The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven, etc

Louise Erdrich: The Last Report on the Miracles at Little No Horse, The Round House, etc
Although he doesn't term himself as an indigenous author, I cannot recommend Joseph Boyden's works enough. He has a way of making your heart wrench by the end of the novel, but also feel at peace.
Love House Made of Dawn. Its fractured narrative isn't for everyone, but I'd say Momaday is one of the best living American writers.
Interesting. It's a shame indiginous is limited to North-American peoples though...
It's not written by an indigenous writer but *Ishi's Brain* by Orin Starn is phenomenal.
Good question... there really aren't that many.  Instagram seems to be the best, but it's not really in blog format.  But I use it to interact with other collectors.  My collection has become pretty substantial, but many like me just don't care to blog about it (or give away our secrets to finding crazy good deals). 

There are also some of us on GR, but collectors are few and far between on there.

Sadly bookride is the only halfway decent blog I've ever found.  I've looked for active, dedicated forums before as well and they don't exist either.
"There are only three stories in literature. A man goes on a journey. A stranger comes to town. And Godzilla vs Mega Shark." - Leo Tolstoy 
They missed fall-rise-fall-rise and rise-fall-rise-fall. Seriously though, if they will do such oversimplification, why not go the extra yard and state that there are only two 'emotional storylines', rise & fall? It's just as untrue...
I'd like to know what anyone who subscribed to this belief thinks The Great Gatsby falls under. 

While we're at it, Catcher in the Rye, and To Kill a Mockingbird, or any other book with an observer as the narrator and a heavy emphasis on analyzing surroundings of the times and people rather than a heavy emphasis on things done by or to the narrator. 
The study is really interesting but they only used books from Project Gutenberg, which means that the stories they took where pretty old, (no longer copyrighted) or am I wrong here? I could imagine that the way people used to write (including more rigid rules when it comes to story-telling) could change the outcome of this study. 
I always wonder what is the point of these reductive 'story arc' things. Vonnegut's analysis was a tour de force, but he never pretended it was anything great, just a clever bit of fun. Story arcs are one part of the picture, but you can't define a great novel or drama through them.
I call BS. Scrooge MacDuck goes from rich to richer (rise to rise) all the time! I would also argue that there's stories where a shitty situation just goes shittier (fall to fall) see Grave of the fireflies for example.
"Reagan and colleagues thus determined that there were only six main emotional storylines. These include ‘rags to riches’ (sentiment rises), ‘riches to rags’ (fall), ‘man in a hole’ (fall-rise), ‘icarus’ (rise-fall), ‘Cinderella’ (rise-fall-rise), ‘Oedipus’ (fall-rise-fall). This approach could, in turn, be used to create compelling stories by gaining a better understanding of what has previously made for great storylines. It could also help teach common sense to artificial intelligence systems."
Breaking news: All books contain pages, almost always with images or text printed on them.  All books are therefore the same.
Well sure, if we abstract things enough we can reduce any complex set of cases down to a binary option. And that's what they did here. Either things are rising (1) or falling (0) or its alternating in some series like 101, etc.

Edit: they took the first eight numbers in binary and collapsed 1's and 0's in a row:

    111 (reduced to 1)
    110 (reduced to 10)
    101
    011 (reduced to 01)
    010
    100 (reduced to 10)
    001 (reduced to 1)
    000 (reduced to 0)
This just seems like an oversimplification of plotlines. That's like saying, there's only 2 kinds of humans, those with breasts and those without. Yet of course this statement fails to account for the individuality in terms of hopes, dreams, personalities and wants.

A book is defined by its characters, their motivations, the world, the setting, and how all of these interact with plot. With so many variables involved, it is a gross injustice to books to claim there are only "six emotional story-lines." 
Yeah, sure. But does that really tell us anything more than "in a meta-analysis of 1 billion stories, something other than nothing happened"? Also, what about Albert Camus's *The Stranger?* If you think Meursault fell, you didn't understand the book. 
[deleted]
There is only one story-line.  Beginning > End!

This type of analysis sounds interesting, but if you think about it at all it is really not.  I could also just be summed up by "things need to happen in your fiction!"  Which is you know, not news.
Well humans are pretty cookie-cutter, we all pretend to be unique. I suppose the same applies to stories.
Showing eight variations: [a graphic](http://i.imgur.com/eHUJH8q.png) I saved from imgur a while back

From [Maya Eilam](http://www.mayaeilam.com) 
when's Vonnegut wrong?
I have to disagree, while it wasn't a book and it got poor reception I would describe True Detective season 2 as a static-fall. Nobody rises. They just are and then bad stuff happens. Presumably one could write a book with a similar story line.
Isn't *conflict* the overriding premise in almost all fiction, no matter the medium? Is there a single fictional book or movie that *doesn't* contain conflict? It's the basis of our language. Yes No. Love Hate. Right Wrong...
I've seen this argument before. This is not mindblowing news.  

A better title would be "Programs find that stories are built from basic blocks. No one is surprised."
They forgot rise fall rise fall harder rise harder 
These results aren't unique to storylines. If you run SVD on _any_ time series dataset you'll get bases that look a lot like the fourier bases. In other words, it's efficient to describe the data as a sum of sine waves.
The top comments have gotten off track here. Thinking the study is moot or bad because of it being simplified. I'm guessing the commentators are more readers/authors and not so much data scientists. 


The observation is a good one as Vonnegut tried to make it back in the day. 
The six story lines are. (tested out of 13 hundred or so books)

‘Rags to riches’ (rise).

‘Tragedy’, or ‘Riches to rags’ (fall).

‘Man in a hole’ (fall-rise).

‘Icarus’ (rise-fall).

‘Cinderella’ (rise-fall-rise).

‘Oedipus’ (fall-rise-fall).

I love Vonnegut, but I feel like we're approaching jerk territory. Of the circular variety.
Reductionism sucks.
There are also only 26 letters in the alphabet and only 8 notes in a scale, but somehow we keep writing new books and songs...

Well, okay, maybe not songs.
Aristotle may be to blame for this sort of idiocy, but that's because *The Poetics*, essentially the first work and the template for analyzing fiction, is wildly misunderstood.  Please forgive a long digression:

The crucial thing to understand about Aristotle is he was a biologist at heart.  He'd like nothing better than to spend a lazy Sunday afternoon dissecting a cuttlefish, and when he got around to plays, he'd do the same thing.  Cut one open and see what the pieces are, how they work together - ah, look at that, a high born hero has a lot more to lose and a lot farther to fall, so when a reversal comes, it's got a lot more impact when Thor, son of Odin, hits the skids than some loser shoe salesman in Cleveland.

Ari was also - and this was crucial - having a fight with Plato.  He wasn't dissecting literature for fun.  He was doing it because Plato was being a fathead and Ari was going to prove him wrong.  He began as a scientist would: making observations and drawing conclusions.  How would he approach that process with, say, birds?  Catalogue and classify all the types of birds on an island.  In order to do that, you first have to nail down what a bird *is*.  What defines it?  Is it the wings?  Insects have wings.  Flying?  Not all birds fly, and so on.  So he worked out the different types of plays, NOT for the purpose of saying "Look, there's only six" but to nail down the common thing they had, the incredibly valuable service they offered to society, so he could hit Plato over the head with it:  **See, look at this, the arts are f-ing useful!**

You really cannot get farther from that original purpose of literary analysis by, ironically, a supremely scientific mind, than the so-called scientists referenced by this article.

This just in! Every song is exactly the same! 

Intro, Verse, Chorus, Verse, Chorus, Bridge, Chorus...

I love it when people waste their time explaining what everybody already knows.
I'm not sure Vonnegut was the first to describe this but probably true.

There are commercial screenplay writing packages that posit this and help you organize along exactly such themes/arches. 
Great paper. I was particularly moved by this passage. 


D(bi,bj)=l−1∑t=1l∣∣bi(t)−bj(t)∣∣

really nailed it. 

ACtually, i would be interested in seeing a large data set of Film and TV scripts. I've heard rumor of such things. 

Here is an interesting article on story theories. 

http://dramatica.com/theory

I haven't gotten too far into Dramatica Software yet, but I've read a ton of Joseph Campbell, some Christopher Vogler, and some John Truby. 

Back to thOP's article, as a reader i strive always keep in mind 


Nbdk(i)=[j∈N|D(k,j)<N−−√⋅(i+1)α]

;p
This is some bullshit, bruh. What about non-linear storytelling? Are we charting the emotional journey of the character as he/she theoretically experiences it or the viewer's journey? Or abstract films that use sound or visuals to create emotional context more than storyline?
Not only os this oversimplification like others have said, this is IDIOTIC. Their categories are just the permutations of the themes "rise" and "fall" if you combine congruent themes into one movement ( fall fall becomes just one fall.) With criteria like this **THERE IS LITERALLY NO OTHER CONCLUSION THEY COULD HAVE ARRIVED AT!** As soon as they defined the parameters of their data they could have completed the study *without doing the study.* 

1 movement stories: rise or fall

2 movement stories: rise fall or fall rise

3 movement studies: since like-movements become combined this only leave you with alternations. So rise fall rise. And fall rise fall

4 movement: fall rise fall rise. And rise fall rise fall...

This pattern just continues. How do people get paid for this garbage?



Of course he is. 
Vonnegut was right. 
Wait... why would his Master's Thesis get rejected. Seems like an interesting subject
Next step: automation.
There are exactly 1462 different possible story plots.

http://disinfo.com/2012/01/plotto-the-1462-plots-of-every-possible-story/
rise fall rise fall rise fall, fall further, rise.
Which story line is your own?
Comedy and tragedy. At the end of the day it's all about whether or not the protagonist/'s is in a better place then where he started.
Every movie has an introduction, urgency setup, crisis, and resolution. Cookie cutter plot.
Vonnegut was right. Studies have been done and he is indeed beautiful in the water. 

So we're categorizing everything as good or bad now?  That's deep.
Technically, there's only a single storyline in fiction: the kind that starts and ends.  



Just while we're boiling complex concepts down to arbitrary categories.
Some people here have mentioned the book "Plotto" by William Wallace Cook as evidence that there are actually some 1400 plots. What they fail to understand is that each of those 1400 are actually just sub-plots of two major plot lines, which are 
1.) one's desire to seek out love and courtship, or 
2.) one's attempt to reach success within a particular enterprise.

Seems reasonable to me.
All great book have a single story line:  
Stuff happen
Ridiculous findings
In the end, doesn't it simply come down to comedy or tragedy?

I've truly always felt this way. When you think about it, every story has already been told.  Everything can be mutated to seem fresh and original, and it usually ends up doing the job.  But, I will always refer back to a conversation I had with my best friend, who can never enjoy Harry Potter because (in her opinion) Harry and Hermione should have been obvious soul mates.  My argument leads back to Star Wars.  It's the Luke and Leia concept.  The obvious outcome just can't be.  There is always a twist ending.
I read this wondering where my novel would fit in this over-simplification.  Fortunately, "man-in-hole (fall rise)" works for me as it fits the character arc and the story is set in the trenches of WWI. 
this is such a subjective argument...it's a novel
So how many storylines are used in general non fiction? ;D
I'd like to see which category they believe Berserk falls into.
In the 19th Century George Ploti defined 36 dramatic situations and they are more entertaining than the 6 that the researchers found.

http://www.wcatyweb.org/library/documents/comics/poltis36.pdf

How is Cinderella rise-fall-rise?  
Vonnegut's own *Cat's Cradle* doesn't fit these categories...
I read the research article. Lost the thread a bit, with some of the algorithm stuff, but I kept pretty good pace.

The important take-away from this research, in my opinion, is this: the applicability to A.I. Everyone saying the 6 narratives are obvious, or useless, is thinking about it too anthropocentrically. It's only obvious because it was pointed out to you. If I asked any of you to come up with the same, I don't know if you could! The researchers used 3 different methods to evaluate the books, so the results are pretty robust! Of course, it seems intuitive to us now because we've been subtly carrying around that knowledge. But this stuff wouldn't be intuitively obvious to an A.I. unless it was trained to think that way. I could easily imagine this being one of the ways that's done.

All you bookish naysayers should be appreciative for research like this - if you want your Sexbot 9000s to be conversant in highfalutin literature, as it seems you all do, then this is the first step. We will definitely pass the 'fiction book' Turing test before we pass the 'conversation with a human' Turing test, I'm sure of that, in any case.

The authors are clearly literary people. The piece reads like an M.A. or PhD project of a literature major, who threw a bunch of data at a neural network. One of the authors is definitely a lit guy, some of the others are definitely engineering guys. I would be surprised if they are any of them the same guy. It's not a bad move - neural networks are pretty hot right now. My own M.A. research uses neural networks, and I am not a engineer by any means! All 'bout that collaborative scholarship!

I was surprised that there was no mention of A.I. in the paper. It just seems like such a natural fit for this kind of broad data analysis. The thesis definitely focused on the 'primal power of human story telling' thing. *Homo Narrativus* [sic], and all that kind of stuff. It just used Big Data as the lens to evaluate it. What's wrong with that? It doesn't take anything away from your human interaction with the fiction to evaluate it in this way. If this sort of literary analysis is bunk then isn't it all bunk? Because the only meaningful data is the individual qualitative experience of reading? That's fine, but it's not the stuff Sexbots are born of. 

Once everyone chills out about it, I would encourage you to check out the [Hedonometer](http://hedonometer.org/books/v3/39293/), it's fun! You can search by a specific book, or choose a random book. It does highlight the biggest flaw in the study - by building a data set off of Project Gutenberg they are restricted to public domain literature. Granted, that's a lot of literature, but they are missing the stuff that is probably most likely to throw their sorting algorithms for a loop. Basically all 20th century literature! If I had the cash to buy them a bunch of modern lit in e-book format to run their software on, I would! 

Edit: Proposal above raises interesting questions about the legality of these kinds of bit data analyses. Is it copyright infringement, for instance, to train a neural network on copyrighted materials?
Sweet.  I'm about to blow the literary world apart with my rise-fall-rise-rise-stasis-fall-stasis-A-B-Select-Start epic in 3 parts.  Optioned into a 4-part Hollywood series of films, of course.
The Witcher is a story of a group of misfits trying to find love in a cruel and impersonal world. 
So it goes.
Haven't read the actual study, but based on the article this is the stupidest thing I've ever heard. 

If you count "rise" as rise-rise-rise, "fall" as fall-fall-fall, "rise-fall" as both rise-rise-fall and rise-fall-fall, "fall-rise" as fall-fall-rise and fall-rise-rise, then you've covered every possible 3-column combination of "rise" and "fall".

So the study might as well have said: "every fiction is composed of rises and falls". Well yeah, no shit sherlock.
Sounds like they've discovered that SVD results in periodic basis functions.
Well, if you simplify our stories down this far... there's only life and then death. I don't see the start vs finish of the book as "the storyline".
I hate that all stories movies and medium have to have some downfall.

Just off the top of head example of Superbad where it's really fun and funny the first time you watch it but has this I hate you we aren't best friends downer part then rise again but it's never the same.

I want a book or movie that captures that fun beginning to end. I love Steinbeck's Cannery Row because while it has that moment of the failed party it recovers quickly. Cormac McCarthy is also great at not usually having dips, it is what it is. 
The Stranger? 😐to 😡 to 🖕
Great way to proactively resurface a rejected thesis! Sweet read. 
I don't get it, what is classified as a fall and a rise? 

What would Sherlock holmes come under? He doesn't really fall or rise personally, he always seems to stay the same level. 
> It could also help teach common sense to artificial intelligence systems.


Hahaha, holy shit I hope that was supposed to be hilarious. 
Big data is bad if you haven't noticed. Reducing human behavior to patterns is blindly accepting your computing overlords. Seriously though, data isn't always correct and is easily used to cause disruption through ideas that are untrue based on "facts' which is little more than preliminary data analysis
So it goes...
I guarantee I can make someone feel emotion due to the sheer overwhelming stagnation of a character drifting through life.
To be fair, it has a lot to do with the way they categorize the stories.  Allowing for 3 segments each designated rise or fall, yields a max of 8 possible story types.
Wasn't that Shakespeares thing? That there is only 7 basic themes you can have in a story. Betrayal, love etc. I say etc because I can't think of any more right now I'm very tired. 
Freud would says there's only one storyline: Guy does things because he wants to have sex with his mother.
> Oedipus (fall-rise-fall)

Given the associations, that was a really unwanted mental image.
Well it has to be relatable and time has shown that these structures are, so it's inevitable. 
I'd like to hear some more about that, and learn what those 6 types actually are. I hope there is more to it than they describe, because if the study just rates emotions as high or low then look at the shape of the curve I could have told you about those 6 story types without reading a single book.
Does the study include discussion of unreliable narrators, and other stories where we can't be sure whether or not a development is good or bad? Hamlet for example is considered a tragedy, but Denmark arguably ends with a better ruler than Claudius or Hamlet. I believe Vonnegut made an extra category for this called "Which Way is Up?"
And Shakespeare did them all better than anyone else.
Vonnegut for the win.  I feel like no one truly appreciated him or his mind.  Very underrated in my opinion. 
This analysis is so flawed in so many ways, as I'm sure some of you will agree.

What about man vs man? Man vs nature?(into the wild or old man and the sea or deliverance)  Man vs self? (Black swan or alice in wonderland or the alchemist) Man vs Society ( 451 farenheit)? The Hero cycle?

This "study" is derivative in character.
Well, I mean.. of course you can be reductive, you can always be reductive. 
Well they didn't do a good job.
This reads like a sort of Schenkerian analysis for literature. To quote Schoenberg: "Where are my favorite passages? Ah, there they are, in those tiny notes."

While the resulting finding is perhaps of interest, it has limited value outside of broad-strokes examinations of this sort. I'd be more interested to see what they could do with a more mid-level analysis, as that often reveals interesting elements that can otherwise be obscured by foreground ornamentation.
There are but six musical notes, yet they can yield more symphonies than can ever be heard.

There are but for four principal tastes, yet they yield more flavors than can ever be tasted.

There are but five basic colors, yet they can yield more colors than can ever be seen.

-Sun Tzu, The Art of War
What would Slaughterhouse 5 be? Billy never really rises or falls, he just *is*.
Vonnegut never said there were a set number of storylines - instead, he showed that stories have shape, as important to a culture as its pottery, I believe he once said...
Again? This has been posted before and blasted before. It's bollocks. It just goes to show that reading books doesn't make you smarter.
Memorandum to scientists:  

I have a degree in English.  I am academically qualified to teach storytelling.  I am a published author.  I am professionally qualified to teach storytelling.  

You are neither.  

You are not academically or professionally qualified to even discuss these subjects much less lecture the rest of us on them.  As pretentious as the title "scientist" apparently makes you, your assertions of knowledge in the field of science **do not** qualify you as an expert in other fields of study.

On behalf of myself and others who take letters seriously enough to call them a career, I would like to invite you to kindly refrain from holding yourself out as authorities on subject matter you do not and will never understand.  

Thank you.  

Nice, open access.
There are two stories:

1. Protagonist goes out to find adventure.
2. Adventure comes finding protagonist.

I stopped reading stuff like that. It's really just a question of your chosen level of abstraction and adds absolutely nothing useful to the debate.
What nobody seems to have mentioned yet is that the results are influenced by the data set they put into it.

Its not even that there are "only" six storylines, just that they only found six storylines in the set of books they examined.

I argue that there are in fact many more storylines, its just that for whatever reason, many of those storylines were not found to be popular with readers, didnt sell, or didnt make it into print.

---

I am in a room. I am content.

Nothing is happening.

Nothing is happening.

Nothing is happening.

Nothing is happening.

Nothing is happening.

The end.

> Reagan and colleagues thus determined that there were only six main emotional storylines. These include ‘rags to riches’ (sentiment rises), ‘riches to rags’ (fall), ‘man in a hole’ (fall-rise), ‘icarus’ (rise-fall), ‘Cinderella’ (rise-fall-rise), ‘Oedipus’ (fall-rise-fall).

Really? That's the extent of the analysis?

First, discovering that stories often alternate between successes and failures isn't that much of a flash of genius. It's like saying that stories are only made up of two kinds of letters: consonants and vowels. True, yet meaningless.

And second, it's a vast oversimplification. What use is it to take a complex story - say, Game of Thrones, or Lord of the Rings, or Star Wars - and boil it down to a binary pattern of successes and failures?

Now, let's be clear that the capability of these algorithms to *detect* success and failure from the text of a novel is interesting all on its own. But it's hardly the leap of intuitiveness that the authors of this article suggest.
There is really only one story in fiction, of Humanity versus Brutality.
I was taught that there are essentially 7 nodes, that are the 7 virtues/deadly sins.

The movement between those 7 nodes is the development of the plot and characters, the interest in each character or idea in each of those nodes **creates** the "emotional storylines." 

All this "rise-fall" combinatorics is horseshit. Reducing it to going towards or away is dumb. 

So you've got: Humility and Pride, Abstinence and Gluttony, and so on...

The assumption is that moving towards the sin is "fall" and towards the virtue is "rise."

You could do this infinitely. A thomas pynchon novel might have multiple characters all doing rise-fall-rise-fall-rise-fall-rise-fall-rise-rise-rise-fall-fall-rise some in chorus, some not fully aligned, and so on...

I find it vastly more useful to remove the directionality out of the equation and think of it is traveling towards an emotion itself.


clickbait
I love The Dresden Files. F it, I really love Codex Alera as well.
I'm an avid reader and while he should be praised for writing some of the best action scenes in the business, that is not what I love most about his writings.
While I will start selling him to my friends by talking about some of the insane stunts (Zombie T-Rex, dropping satelites from orbit) and the glorious qoutes ("The building was on fire and it wasn't my fault"), the thing that really impresses me is his ability to write, let's call it long term.. 
How he keeps overarcing plot lines relevant without being all-consuming.
How small things in way earlier books suddenly is huuuuge issues now.
How his characters actually develop and isn't just in sone stasis, and they have depth to them...

Oh and yeah he writes women really well IMHO, but he should probably stay away from the sex-scenes xD
I found The Codex Alera series much more enjoyable, recently purchased The Aeronaut's Windlass to try also
Jim Butcher has done TWO AMAs here [the first AMA](http://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/25q3em/i_am_jim_butcher_author_of_the_dresden_files_the/) & [the second AMA](https://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/3lye65/i_am_jim_butcher_author_of_the_dresden_files_and/?)   :) [Here's a link to all of our upcoming AMAs](http://www.reddit.com/r/books/wiki/amafullschedule)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/books) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I find that I'm generally in the minority for preferring his *Codex Alera* series to *The Dresden Files*. Dresden never really grabbed me, but Alera did, and *hard*. I finished the last three books of that in one weekend.

His latest, *The Aeronaut's Windlass*, actually was a little disappointing to me. It was a *good* book, but it wasn't a great one, and coming off of the high of the *Alera* series it didn't quite stack up ... though it could have. It could have used less Watson characters and a few more editing passes to tighten things up. As is, it was an interesting book with a fun world and some entertaining characters, but fell afoul of a few bland characters and, IMO, not using the world enough.

The thing is, I really don't think it was his fault. I suspect the publisher rushed it out the door without giving it enough time to bake. I'll definitely try the sequel when it hits, but I hope it gets a bit more polish.
Fan of the Dresden books. I haven't read any of his others though.
The first few books are weak, they get better after.

The writing is never spectacular, but its better than most of similar series. It mostly succeeds because he doesn't get in his own way.

What really sets the series apart is the relationships between the characters, and the way he slowly develops bit parts into fully fleshed out characters with interesting arcs.

Don't expect literary genius, but they're fun. 
Dresden Files are my favorite book series. However when he starts describing women's bodies it gets creepy, and the sex scenes are awkward and usually forced.
I absolutely love the Dresden Files books. They need a bit of time, but it's worth the time.  
    
Butcher writes characters that I can really grow to love. To me getting attached to them is a huge thing about the series, as we slowly got to know so many of them, as Harry got more friends and allowed himself to depend on others more.  
Harry himself. He is a disaster. The man is awkward as hell, always ends up messed up by something, he keeps making fun of his own pain.  
All in all, they really feel like a bunch with a soul and to me that is far more important than any kind of abstract, big thing that would make a book artsy.   
  
I like his writing style, because I like Harry. First person is risky, because when I hate the character, I will hate the book (hello, YA books with wold saving teen girls, blegh). It's all good fun and ridiculous action. Awesome.  
  
I think picking up, recommending, mentioning, etc. this series is going to be a safe bet for a loooong time. It's easy to get into, you don't have to be this super knowledgeable fantasy fanatic to feel is accessible.   
  
His other books? Not read yet, but definitely doing it, probably next year.  
For a 6 books series Codex Alera is one of the best thought out experience I have ever read. It feels that Butcher knew from start how it will all end, and it takes around 3 books to get the bigger picture, which is great. Characters are thought out, not too many POVs, and the whole intrigue plot puts Martin to shame. 

I am not into urban fantasy so I cannot comment on the Dresden files, but Codex Alera is great.
The Dresden books are what I consider great "action fantasy", fun reads with good storylines , that are short (ish) and not too complex. You can see his writing improve steadily as the story progresses. I gladly suggest these to lots of people as they're an honest blast to read and his writing style is fluid and smooth. 

If there is any paticular place he could improve it's in his portrayal of women / relationships, too often Dresden's thoughts and interactions read too much like what a teenage "nice guy" would think and it's pretty cringeworthy at times. Overall he does okay but there are some bad ones scattered about. 

As for remembered I think he'll be fine, he reminds me of Louis L'Amour,  an author who's not necessarily remembered as *profound* , but everyone knows who he is and most people have read him, because he's fun and entertaining.  
I like Jim Butcher, mainly because I find that his writing is easy to read, fast-paced, well constructed, and that he is a good world-builder.

I perceive him as a "working" author more than a literary virtuoso, but it's something that I enjoy in part about his style. It's characteristically uncomplicated reading that's meant to be fun and enjoyed for what it is.

He is, to date, the only author to have written in the first person that I have thoroughly enjoyed reading. That might be because I like Harry Dresden a great deal.

I'm a huge *Dresden Files* fan, but I liked *The Codex Alera* and *The Aeronaut's Windlass* as well.
Good ideas and fun romps that continuously surprise me by working when they really, really shouldn't, but hardly a sterling writer. 
Codex Alera is too YA fiction for my taste, quality of Dresden Files varies from Ok to good.
Jim is a competent, solid professional writer. His plots are well crafted, his prose style is clear and easy to read. He seldom goes off into flights of poetic fancy, but that's not a bad thing. I like the way he writes. I can read his novels, which is more than I can say for most of the novels of his fellow genre writers.
I love the Dresden Files, liked the Codex series, and enjoyed Cinder Spires. Jim's a fantastic world builder. 

Come visit the Dresden Files subreddit as you journey through the series. A great sub for questions and speculation.
I really like the Dresden Files, and I don't usually read urban fantasy.
Continue reading 
Nooooo, goodness, it's perfectly fine to use companion texts. Especially since you're reading the original product beforehand -- if you were reading solely the No Fear, sure, that'd be an issue. But there's absolutely nothing wrong with reading supplemental material to something you just read.
No, there are plenty of people who read literary criticism or reviews of classic literature as a way of understanding the works better. While No Fear books aren't exactly the same, the goal is - you want to be able to appreciate the ideas of the plays better, so you're using a tool that might help. 

You mentioned you're still reading the original text and supplementing it with the modern day one - I bet at some point in the future you'll be able to parse and understand the original without so much guidance and explanation, so you're likely learning a skill in the process. All of this is hardly lazy, it's actually careful attention and effort. 
look at it that way, you read and you try like hell to understand, you are not a moron.
There will always be small people who try to make others feel bad for what they like. That's their insecurities, don't make them your own. Shakespearean language isn't easy, but the stories are fantastic and if reading the "No Fear" allows you to enjoy them, that's all that matters.
A: The plays are now hundreds of years old and language changes a lot. I don't think it's possible to just read a Shakespeare play without any translation aids. 

B: Another dimension is that they're plays, not novels. So they're really meant to be seen and heard rather than read. That's why you don't need so much hand holding at an actual production because the actors are already doing that for you. 
Read what you like. 

However if you are worried that perhaps you aren't doing your due diligence in experiencing the words of Shakespeare. You can do what I have done a few times when reading stuff written a long time ago. Just buy an annotated version. 

A good annotated book will let you read the original format, but will give you a good deal of the background you need to appreciate it as someone who was a contemporary of the work. 
Not at all! It's a very useful tool! 
Acquiring knowledge is never a bad thing! No matter how it's gleaned. If you're enjoying it, then keep it up. :)
Someone else said it, but it is worth repeating: you are absolutely not lazy.  You're putting in time working at something that isn't easy for you.  You didn't quit, you found a tool.  Keep doing what you're doing and you'll nail this.

It's great that you've managed to see some live performances.  It *can* be a dice-roll however, so I'd like to recommend a few movies.  When you get to Much Ado About Nothing, see the Kenneth Branagh version first.  It is probably *the best* vehicle out there for getting people over the hump with the language and seeing how accessible it *can be* once you get the hang of it.  Then seek out the Joss Whedon film from a few years ago. It's sort of Much Ado Noir. 
I totally red Mormon instead of moron and I was supremely confused
If you enjoy it more reading No Fear Shakespeare, do that - who cares if someone else doesn't like it? It's not hurting anyone - I'm sure some people look down on my choice to read cheesy detective novels more often than "great literature" but I enjoy them, so I'll continue, and so should you! :)


Betteridge's law.
*Asimov's Guide to Shakespeare* is a great read to understanding Shakespeare. It's also free on the internet.
Definitely not. I think if you read a "modern translation" by itself then that is pointless, because the language of Shakespeare is the most appealing aspect of his writing. However, there's nothing at all wrong or embarrassing about using a side-by-side version to help you understand it 
Depends on in you ask my old English teacher.No Mrs. Stevens using No Fear Shakespeare is not cheating. I'm trying to understand the material better so that I can make a wonderful presentation.
> Should I continue reading, or does doing so serve as a mark that I'm not a very intelligent reader?

You *should* continue reading with both, and it *does* serve as a mark that you're not a very intelligent reader.

What!?  

Hold on, now. I'm not saying you're an *un*intelligent Shakespeare reader. You're just not a "very" intelligent one. *Yet*. There is a great chance that you are on the road to becoming a very intelligent one. No Fear Shakespeare (NFS) is one tool in that journey. 

But I also strongly suggest you increasingly try to not use the NFS helpers *every time*. Sometimes make a point to struggle with the language. Read the same small piece over and over, as many as 20 times. (It's Shakespeare--it's worth it). Try to work out the muscles that parse language, and get inside how Shakespeare's mind worked (to the degree that any of us mortals can). By doing this, I think you will start to see patterns, how he puts verbs in places you wouldn't expect ("his quietus make" instead of "make his quietus"), or how you often have to remember who the subject of a thought is, etc. Some of the vocabulary just plain needs to be looked up, of course. But the point is to put in the struggle, and thereby increase your ability to read without help. 




Yes. Just kidding. No. It doesn't mean anything. I've read them too. I've read the original plays, but the comics are enjoyable as well.
I agree with what others have said. You're really putting in an effort to understand and appreciate Shakespeare. 

My advice on borrowing or buying an edition of Shakespeare is get one that has at least four or five footnotes at the bottom of each page. I'd be completely lost without those footnotes, explaining a word that we no longer use in English or a word whose meaning has changed. 

One of my favorite foot notes comes, if I remember correctly, from Hamlet. "The allusion is lost." This means that a character was making a reference to some well known story in Shakespeare's time, but it's completely unknown now, so we can't fully explain what the character was talking about. 

Also when watching Shakespeare on film at home, if you can, put on the subtitles. I've been reading and watching Shakespeare for years and still do this. 

Every little bit helps in furthering your understanding and if you keep it up eventually you will gain some fluency in reading/hearing Shakespeare.
You've found a tool to help you enjoy what you're reading more, and to get more out of it; I say use it and enjoy! anyone who harshes on your mellow for trying to learn can take a flying leap. (And if I can make a recommendation, find a copy of The Complete Works of William Shakespeare: Abridged, on DVD on the YouTubes. Just trust me.)
Dude, no. No one writes or speaks like Shakespeare anymore, so there's no reason for you to magically know how to interpret what he's saying without being taught first. You're trying to understand the story, it's fine if you don't get the language for a while. I have a No Fear copy of Macbeth and I love it -- there are so many implications and cultural references you miss when you don't have a companion. It enriches your reading experience. Have no shame.
I am an avid reader and have been able to read Beowulf and Canterbury Tales without mush help but I prefer to read the "No Fear Shakespeare" It helps to translate it into a more modern way and I was always able to pass that section of class with flying colors because of them. So No you are not a moron for reading "No Fear" If that is what allows you to enjoy and understand Shakespeare then so be it. 
Companion texts/translations are fine but you must read the original as well. I personally prefer using  a noted version of the book (e.g. Folger Shakespeare Library) that gives definitions to archaic language/insight into obscure references. This allows you to read the original text with some help. 
If I got a word every time this story gets posted I'd have a short story by now... 
I love this! This is such a great idea, especially the fact that it's printed on receipt paper. 
Almost makes me wish I had a public transit commute.
That sucks but if reading isn't important to your family then I can see how they might not think it's a big deal. Gotta say I can't really imagine a house so small that the only place to keep precious books (old, autographed, much loved) is in a box near the front door. Why not under your bed?
>I asked my dad about this and he said "I thought you knew we were using that as a trash can." And then told me that it should have been in the garage, not in the house. 

that right there is bullshit. not only are your feelings getting dismissed you are being blamed for what happened. 

the right thing to do would be to commiserate and to apologize, even if he didn't mean to destroy your books. 
You could ask for replacements of some of your favorites for Christmas? I know you have memories with the books, but if you buy them again and read them again, you'll make new memories with the new books, and it'll be a bit better than just getting them on your Nook. Abe's Books is a website where you can get a ton of used books for cheap, I recently got like 10 great books for $35 from there.
[removed]
I honestly don't get it, you were storing them there forever, but they only just started using it as a trash can? Am I missing something?
I'm sorry man. That's bullshit. And all these comments saying it was your fault can't be helping. Did your family not see all the fucking books in the box before they threw garbage in there? It's their fault and that's shitty of them to do. I'd be devastated if I lost my books like that.

The stories are still with you even if your first copies of them aren't readable anymore, take comfort in that. How they impacted you has not been and cannot be taken away. Plus you can always get another copy of each, and you can make more memories with them and beat them up twice as much as those first ones. I know they won't be the same, but maybe it can still be good.
I'm very sorry about the loss of books. I don't do a whole lot of reading these days, but I enjoy books too and I am sad to hear your collection is destroyed :( it would piss me off to know my family had been dumping trash in my book box. How could they have possibly mixed that up??
Sucks. You might find suitable replacements on eBay.
um, it's mostly your fault. you should have explained it to your family that the box is your books and not garbage. you should have had the box in your room if it meant so much to you. you should have checked the box more often. 

anything of mine that i didn't want destroyed, i've hidden from my brothers and my family. no one is responsible for or to your things except you. and no one else's space should be invaded to have your things in it.

sorry.
You have to go in knowing it was a first draft of TKAM, and is not the same story at all. I read it, and when I finished, I thought: yep, this needed a good editor. Glad she got one, or we wouldn't have TKAM, which is such a good and beautiful book.
I did read it when it came out. It was mediocre. Basically, it's an early draft of TKaM, and the changes that were made to GSaW to make it into TKaM were for the better. 
It's trash. It was a manuscript for a rejected novel that a seriously ill and possibly delusional Lee was forced to publish as a cash grab by her family/publisher before she died. Which she did shortly after its release. 
It was left unreleased for all these years with good reason. The book is in most meaningful ways, unfinished. This was the raw material for TKAM and nothing more.

This book should not have been published.


Similar to when fanboys lose their minds for cut footage and extended editions: 90% of the time this stuff wound up on the cutting room floor *for a reason.*  GSaW is a draft that was rewritten for a reason.  It's part of the author's process that would have been best left in her private papers as a waste product that made TKaM possible.
Go Set a Watchman is still a very good book and worth a read. People tend to compare it to To Kill a Mockingbird and say Go Set a Watchman is "medicore". Its hard and unfair to compare the book to To Kill a Mockingbird as it is almost flawless.

It wont ruin how you feel about To Kill a Mockingbird. If anything it will make you appreciate it a little bit more, as well the book will let you carry on with the characters later in life, its a win win in my opinion.
I honestly thought it was really interesting even though, yes, it isn't as noteworthy as TKaM. But it's a good read and definitely worth picking up, even if it is just to see what a draft of TKaM is like. You just have to know this story is different and it's a little darker philosophically. If you're against reading it bc of the "Atticus situation" then, imo, you just shouldn't be reading books. I had a highschool teacher who refused to even try to start it because she didn't want to see her "idol" (Atticus) be tarnished. But ultimately that's the point of the book. What do you do when your moral idol is ripped of his "moral-ness"? Especially if it's someone you're connected to by blood. 

It won't ruin your opinion of TKaM. That's like saying you hate the God Father because part 3 sucks. Just doesn't really happen unless your are extremely impressionable. 


Idk. I liked it. Worth a shot. Some really interesting scenes, but does feel incomplete or rushed in some parts. 
Yes and I am still trying to get the rancid taste of betrayal out of my pores. 
I wrote a detailed reading journal of it [here](https://wecanreaditforyouwholesale.com/2010-and-after/go-set-a-watchman-harper-lee/). The novel is worth a look, as an early working through of ideas in TKAM. It isn't as good, it doesn't succeed in a dramatic way like TKAM, and is more focused on a white woman's learning experiences than on the injustices (or otherwise) of the treatment of Blacks in the South.

Edit: typo

I loved TKaM. Not so impressed with GSaW. I'm unsure if it's just because, to me at least, the story really isn't as good or if it was just hyped up so much by the media that I was expecting more. 

After reading and having time to digest what I had just read without my ex-bf constantly telling me I was wasting my time with it and it was just a cash-grab (based on the opinions of his extremely pretentious friends who hadn't even read it, but whatever) I think there are some lessons that can be learned from GSaW. I'm considering a more thorough reread of both novels now that I'm in a better place where I can read what I want without constant judgement. 
I (late-20's female) was hosting a book group at a women's senior housing complex and none of us were too impressed with the story. We all agreed that TKaM was the better story and we wished that there wasn't so much media attention about GSaW to peak our interest in the title.  
I feel like Harper Lee was unable to reproduce the same writing style that lent so much charm to TKAM. 
I too adore TKaM.  It is my favorite book.  I had a hard time with GSaW.  It is not as good, period.  Trying to avoid any spoilers, it tainted some of my all time favorite literary characters and there was a character death that was handled so flippantly it broke my heart! I so desperately wanted a second TKaM, but GSaw just is not that :/
No. I'd like to get the hardcover boxset, but knowing that GSaW is basically a first draft of Mockingbird is making me steer clear. And TKaM is one of my favorite books of all time.

Will wait and get it at a thrift store before checking it out.
It's just not as good. That's all there is to say.
Loved TKaM. I refuse to read a book which will retcon Atticus Finch into an anti hero. I also refuse to pump money into a greedy lawyers/publishers accounts for an unfinished/unnecessary book
It's better than Harry Potter and the Cursed Child. If you own it, you might as well read it. Most people don't like it because it makes Atticus Finch look bad, but in a way that's kind of the point and it does well. Atticus Finch is so worshipped, so perfect, no one wants to see him in a different light. But the point is you can't go around worshipping Atticus Finch, you've got to grow up and be your own person. It doesn't ruin To Kill a Mockingbird, just tells a bit of a different story.
I'm not trapped in here with Harper Lee...she's trapped in here with me. 
Why on earth would it change how you feel about TKaM? That's silly as hell. Go Set A Watchman is not good but letting it sour you on TKaM makes no sense at all, why do that to yourself 
if you like atticus finch, don't read go set a watchman.

go set a watchman is kind of boring. there's really nothing happening until the end. then in the end, it tells the motive of why atticus defended the guy in mockingbird. hint: it's not because he respected the guy or empathized with the treatment of blacks in the south. it was just because he was defending against the injustice of a false accusation. 

leave it at that. don't read it. i now hate atticus finch.
I liked it. It wasn't TKaM by any stretch, but considered as a first draft, it was interesting to see how Harper Lee developed the characters into what they became in TKaM. For what it's worth, it didn't ruin my feelings about TKaM, but gave me a deeper appreciation for those characters. As far as I'm concerned, the character of Atticus in GSaW added to my appreciation of him in TKaM.
Normally, requests along the lines of, "what should I read," or, "what authors/books are similar to..." should be directed to our "Weekly Recommendation Thread." 

However, since this post is also asking about the correct reading order for Lovecraft's works, I think it offers enough room for discussion to be fine here.

I'm reading some of Lovecraft's work in the same manner you are--from wikisource, following the order of a book index. I'd say it's working fine for me. I will say about Lovecraft's work that I doubt the order matters a great deal anymore. Since he wrote so long ago, and became so well-known, most of the tropes and ideas which were novel at the time may now seem stale or commonplace. So the benefit gained from reading in a particular order has probably been nullified by the fact that you've likely been exposed to whatever's coming next anyway.
Most of them are just short stories, so it doesn't matter too much the reading order. Otherwise I would stongly recommend listening to the HP Lovecraft Literary podcast, they covered off all his work, so you can probably glean a little something extra along with your readings, and they then move on to other authors who are similar or influenced Lovecraft!
Lovecraft is a good journey to be on. Enjoy it! Everyone already covered the lack of reading order necessity, so I will just suggest you read *The King in Yellow* by Robert W. Chambers. It's four stories that relate to the King in Yellow, who Lovecraft tied into the Great Old Ones mythos. Super, super fun read. I think I enjoy it more so than most Lovecraft.
I agree that order isn't that important, but I would suggest reading them in chronological order, in which they were written rather than published.  Lovecraft's works tend to reference his other stories a lot, and I think reading them in chronological order can flesh out the world-building a bit.
and for similar stories, The Horla by Guy de Maupassant, 
https://lovecraftzine.com/2013/05/29/the-horla-a-possible-inspiration-for-cthulhu-the-audios-text-and-the-movie/
I'd recommend Algernon Blackwood, there's a collection, *Ancient Sorceries and other Weird Stores* that's really good. H.P. Lovecraft is even quoted praising him on the back cover. He was quite fond of his story "The Willows" which is most definitely one of the greatest horror stories ever written. 

Thomas Ligotti is also great. There's also a collection of his first two books, *Songs of a Dead Dreamer and Grimscribe*.

Something even more recent is Jeff VanderMeer's *Southern Reach* trilogy. The first book in particular, *Annihilation*, feels exactly like something Lovecraft would have wrote if he was around today. 

And if you want something way more left field but still largely influenced by Lovecraft and the occult, Roger Zelzany's *A Night in the Lonesome October* is fantastic, although I'd save it for next year.
I don't think in this case that reading in publication order is the best idea. His early career is not what he is most remembered for, it would be a lot of commitment to wade through all the early stories before getting to the main ones. They are not necessarily worse but they are to some extent prototypes for his more developed stories and there is no real ongoing continuity to worry about. For example "Dagon" is like an early version of "The Call of Cthulu."

Since I don't want to just say that without leaving a suggestion, perhaps try this: Penguin published his complete stories in [three omnibus volumes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Call_of_Cthulhu_and_Other_Weird_Stories) edited by a Lovecraft expert. You could read them in the order found there, which I believe was chosen to cover his career with some sort of logic or themes and mixes together stories of various lengths and points in his career.
Lovecrafts stories are individual and therefore have no reading order. I have a copy of his complete works organized by publication date but really the only thing you gain from this is a sense of his developing writing style. My recommendations would be to read his classics first (mountains of madness, call of cthulu, Dunwich horror) and if you crave more, look into his less well known stories. 
I just bought a book yesterday that'd be perfect for you because it was perfect for me. It's called HP Lovecraft Selects, and it's all stories HP wrote about in essays and authors who he admired. The stories are pretty good and alot of them are from the 1800s and are Gothic.
There's a good collection of his early works 
"The road to madness". It's a lot of his early stuff and ends with At the Mountains of Madness. Some of the stuff is great others you can tell it's his early work, but overall it's cool to see how he progressed. 

Edit: I should mention it doesn't include a lot from his mythology. There's a few hints at Cthulhu in works like The Temple, but mostly it's just general horror writing, I enjoyed it a lot actually. 
I read stories in no particular order at first, I picked up any collection I happened to see him in for a while. Then when I got more engrossed and decided to read the complete fiction, I read in publication order. I didn't feel there was a huge gap in the early and late stories, though they are different. 

A cheap one-volume (if you're into that) omnibus is from B&N leatherbound classics. It has the stories in rough order of appearance I believe.  have gifted this many times and always had it praised. The stock and printing are very good too. Joshi even notated the stories in a small blurb before the text, so you can sort of screen stories for what subject matter or mythos you are interested in.

All in all though, I  agree with the other replies. Aside from a few connected stories, the order in which you read really shouldn't impact your understanding or enjoyment.
Listening to Robert E Howard's horror stories. Good freinds with Lovecraft and copied his style. Mentions him by name in one of his stories along with Poe and Machen. If you're wanting to stay in the same vein as Lovecraft. I should also mention August Derlith. He's the reason you're reading the stories that you are. Also, Clark Ashton Smith and Robert Block were in his circle of influence 
Stephen King's N. is inspired by another story, 'The Great God Pan' but still containing the same elements as Lovecraft. For me, it's one of his extremely creepy and unsettling stories.

There's also good web movie series adaptation of it on youtube.
[This](http://tellersofweirdtales.blogspot.it/p/weird-tales-authors.html) might be a little overwhelming but I think it's great if you want to dig a little bit and discover some lesser known authors.

It's a list of all the writers whose stories, like Lovecraft's, have been published on Weird Tales, a pulp mag you've probably heard of with a lot of, well, weird tales and occult fiction.


I've read every Lovecraft story, and I can say there is no right order. The overlying mythos is the same, but nothing ever directly relates really to anything else. When I reread his work I often just go to whichever story strikes my fancy. However, I would save his revision stories (those he collaborated on with othe authors) for after you've finished his main work. 

I don't know if you use non-amazon e-books, but there is a free public domain compilation of all of his stories (no poems or revisions), and that should have them in chronological order. Just reading a "best of" is great too if you just want to start with his most well known stuff.

Also try some of his "circle" as well. Frank Belknap Long, Clark Ashton Smith, August Derleth, etc. And from more recent years, Thomas Ligotti, whom is one of my personal favorites. Amazon has many Cthulhu Mythos collections very cheap as well.

EDIT: sorry if this posted twice, my phone just wigged out lol.
I'm not aware of any special groups that stay on top of ergodic lit, you probably just have to stay on top of publishing in general, or create your own group. 

That said, I have two more books to add to your list. There's *Hopscotch*, by Julio Cortazar, which you can either read cover-to-cover, or you can read them in the very chaotic order listed on the first page. And then *The Dictionary of the Khazars* takes this idea to its natural extreme, where you can read the chapters in literally any order you please. Unfortunately, Cortazar and Pavic are both dead, so you can't keep up with whatever they're up to. 
I too would be interested in this.
    
As for other books I can only think of a few off hand. *The Raw Shark Texts* by Steven Hall is supposed to have a bit of this kind of play in it, *Pale Fire* by Nabakov is another, *Nox* by Anne Carson is another, and since your already reading HOL I assume your aware that his other books all also incorporate this kind of thing.   
With any luck some of that was helpful. 
Finnegans Wake

A monolithic puzzlebox that you can enjoy until the end of time. 
I don't remember any offer of prizes in GEB. The one problem offered to the reader at the beginning (the MU puzzle) is revealed to have no answer.
This might not be quite right, as it's a picture book, but there was a contest embedded in a book called "Masquerade" which lead to an expensive prize: a rabbit (hare) made of precious gems and metals for whoever could solve the puzzles first.  Ended in scandal.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Masquerade_(book)
There are certainly college courses on "the Bible as Literature".  You might check your local schools and see what texts or other supporting materials they use.  (or maybe even sign up for a course if it's offered online or through Open University or the like)
True story. In the days when it was routine for students to travel around by hitch-hiking, I got talking to the driver who had just offered me a lift. I told him I was studying for an English Literature degree. He paused, then saw an opening. What do you think of the Bible, he asked me - as literature?

He was a Jehovah's Witness, and it was one of the longest trips I can ever remember.
The Great Code and Words with Power by Northrop Frye. 
You can check out **Bloom's Modern Critical Views - The Bible.**  

Some libraries may have a set of lectures on CD/ DVD called **The Bible as the Root of Western Literature: Stories, Poems, and Parables** by **Prof Adam Potkay** and **Prof Monica Brezinski Potkay,** produced by **The Modern Scholar.**

There's a more theoretical, analytical book called **Dialogues of the Word: The Bible as Literature According to Bakhtin**. This one is more academic in nature (and got the pricetag to go with it.)  See if your university library has it.

You might also want to check out some literature or course materials on mythologies, they generally treat the Bible as just another mythological tradition and use the same toolkit to analyze the Bible side by side with Odesseys, Gilgamesh, Beowulf, King Arthur, Beauty and the Beast, Cupid and Psyche, and so on.

Check out Lattimore's translation of the New Testament. He is a great translator (also did Homer), and the text is presented more as literature--no verse numbers, etc. (At least in my copy). I actually like the KJV best, too, but getting a different view much help shake off some of your baggage! 

I think just reading the gospels first in their entirety (not even that long) might be a nice start. Each one was written by a different author and you can start to see their goals and interests in the way they tell the same story. 

When I was in school there was a Koine Greek class where we read one of the gospels as well as an early Greek novel, like Daphnis and Chloe. Reading them together might help you think about them in a more literary way (plus, it's fun!). 

Yale offers their lectures on the Hebrew Bible and New Testament for free on YouTube. Really cool stuff. You get into the history behind the books, why they were written, where they got information from and the like. And it is from a scholarly/literary viewpoint, not theology.
You might also find some insight by looking into comparative mythology. While it doesn't treat the Bible as literature exactly, the emphasis is placed on reading the Bible symbolically. Specifically, and I will risk the potential backlash out of genuine love for his work, I recommend Joseph Campbell. The Hero with a Thousand Faces would be a great starting place but please consider reading some of his other books too if you take a shine to Campbell's approach.

Also, Frazer's The Golden Bough offers a lengthy discussion of Jesus' life story (just be careful you don't read the abridged version, as this section tends to be cut out for being controversial, you can, however, find a full pdf online pretty easily though).
In senior English class, we read Job during the poetry module.  It's ripe with metaphor, imagery, internal conflict, hubris, the works.

I also saw a lesson a long time ago that posed Job as a story passed dev through generations to teach people certain life lessons much like the Greeks did with the mythology. Obligatory disclaimer: I'm a Christian, I love my Jesus, and not a single redditor can change that.

Edit: Oops
Robert Alter has been steadily translating the Old Testament, beginning with the Pentateuch. He wrote a great book also called the Art of Biblical Narrative which examines the Bible like literature. On the other coast, there is a professor at Harvard who has done great work on the Bible as story. 

I recommend to everyone the Bill Moyer's series Genesis: A living Conversation. One of the greatest series PBS has ever done. 

Someone mentioned Lattimore earlier in this thread he is great too. However unlike Alter his has no commentary. 
the bible contains some of the most beautiful passages in all of literature (book of job is top tier lit). Its essential for understanding the western canon
You had that garbage drilled into you for 11 years... put it away and read something else.
Expand your horizons and put away the fairy stories for a little while.
Feel free to chime in here if you are interested in having an AMA with /u/scottybonner.  I have PM'd so if there is interest I will him all set for some time in the next few days :)  
If there's not here, I'm sure there would be in r/libraries.
I'd be interested in this as I missed the last one
Do you mean dialogue?
I think the term you're looking for is direct speech (as opposed to indirect speech, which would be, "He told him he ought to go quietly, and go soon.")

The quotation is from *The Fellowship of the Ring*, Gandalf speaking to Frodo about leaving the Shire.

Great writer, with some very strong and subtle stories. Check him out if you can
Does buying a treadmill make the buyers run more? Not always.
Would buying a treadmill help you exercise more? 

I think the principle is the same. 
I read alot when younger, but stopped in my teens till about 22, when i bought a kindle.

Made a massive diffrence for me.  Less storage space required for books and  pretty much an unlimited choice of books only a few button presses away.

I also find it easier for reading in bed, as i can lay on my side holding it one handed rather than trying to hold a heavy paperback open.
Also prefer to be carrying it around to work/travelling etc rather than a paper book. Just find it easier, and i have my selection with me.

Maybe it would help you for those reasons also, maybe it wouldnt.
Worth a shot if you want to try reading more though.


I like the interface, kindle stores virtually unlimited books without the clutter of previously read items laying around.
I think there's really no telling for sure, but my SO recently got an iPad and he's been a reading machine ever since. Before that, he read/started reading then abandoned maybe 4 or 5 books this year. He's had that iPad for about 3 weeks and he's probably read more than 6 books. 
A bit late, but: I've actually found that switching to an audio format has really helped me get through many of the books on my list.

My issue was always that I could be doing other things instead of sitting down and reading for 3 hours a day. If I put in my headphones and listen to an audio-book however, I can still get my laundry folded, or my dishes washed. That has really cut down the time it would normally take me to get through a book.

Now, some people are really bad at multitasking, I'm not. I love to turn on a book and play the shit out of Minecraft. I listen before I go to sleep, as I'm in the shower, etc etc. I know some people who say that once they start doing a task, they lose focus on the book and miss things. I don't have this trouble.

I would suggest audio-books to anyone and everyone.
It can. I find kindle reading easier because you can lay it on a flat surface and not have to awkwardly keep the book open. It's a lot easier to eat and read. 
It is a quality vs quantity thing for me.  When I bust out my kindle, I read a lot more books at once, because I can.  It decreases reading retention, in my experience.
I was not a reader until I bought a kindle. But as a young soldier, there were only so many Nintendo DS games I could play before boredom got to me. I bought one of the first kindles (when they were priced really high) and I have been reading pretty non stop ever since. I have a couple hundred books on my kindle (I add tons of books to my watch list, and sort it weekly by "price drops" and end up getting a lot for free, or a dollar) plus it got me interested in collecting physical books as well. I use a Kindle Voyage now, but also have a fire for road trips. Love Kindle.
Speaking from personal experience, it definitely reignited my interest in reading. I liked the idea of being able to have a small e-reader with several books on it in case I wanted to read something different day-to-day. It definitely was more practical than carrying several books around with me on my commute. 

However, the only downside is that Kindle books turned out to be pricier than I imagined. I peruse and sometimes luck out with a daily deal for a book I want and I also have access to Kindle Unlimited and some of the books are great, but a lot of the books aren't always up my alley. It really depends on what you're looking for though. I alternate now between going to the library and reading my Kindle. 
It makes reading more accessible and easy to transport. Also you dont have faff of holding a book open and can adjust the light. Also as its an investment you might feel more inclined. 
Overall though just set yourself to read for 30 mins before bed and see how it goes
Many people prefer paper books when compared to e-readers, however I actually think my kindle HAS helped me read more. With my kindle, I can throw it in my purse and always have a book on me no matter what. I also do most of my reading before bed, and it allows me to read in the dark or lay on my side and read without having to worry about pages getting in the way. I like reading traditional books, but I prefer my e-reader.  Probably an unpopular opinion. 
I read 90% of the time on a kindle device. Mostly because of comfort and adjustable lighting. 

I also buy the ebook and paperback version. You know, just in case. But I've personally read more since owning my kindles. I also like that if I'm reading a chunker I don't get disappointed and discouraged with myself at how much is unread. 


It has benefits and drawbacks. It's very portable and, if you have flexible morals, you can get pretty much any book you want for free without having to wait for it to be available in your local library. 

On the downside, you lose the intangible nice feeling of a good solid book with an attractive cover and that ancient smell. This might not be a downside for you, since you say you feel more attached to a computer than paper.

One thing I find is that it is more difficult to stick with a book, because there are so many books on your kindle that flicking to a different one is tempting
I like to use the Google Play Books app on my phone. It does mean that I read more because it means that I am never without a book (like I'm never without a phone). It's unlikely that I'll go for a run with a hardcover then sit by the water and read a book - but I have my phone with me, so I can sit down and read a couple of chapters there. Public transport, waiting for dinner dates to show up, etc. 
It definitely helped me, but it depends on you.
I think it depends. I love books, but had reached a point of very little space left to fill, and I get emotionally attached to them too so getting rid is a real issue. I was also finding I had little time. 

Kindle was, for me, a revelation. As many books as I wanted, all in one place, and never having to give them up again once I'd read them. I could have all of my old favourites with me and drop in on them whenever I wanted, buy new books, and read whenever I possibly could thanks to the backlight too. I read more than I ever did now, purely because it's so transportable - I also like my books pristine (no cracked spines here) so the thought of a novel slung in my bag brings me out in a cold sweat.

The quality of my reading has somewhat suffered, though. I do read an awful lot of tripe now, purely because it's cheap/free and it passes some time. I read instead of watching tv though, so I suppose it's my equivalent of a crap film/soap that you know you shouldn't watch but still do. And my to be read list is immense, and grows weekly. 

I still visit Waterstones as often as possible and sniff the books, but just add them to my kindle wish list. 
Since I bought my first eBook reader I've reading more. I can have it on me everywhere I go and I don't need a source of light. Also the screen doesn't exhaust me like a book did. 

I personally would think it won't make a difference to be honest. If a person is keen to read books he will read them with a Kindle or without.
I'm curious about the Kindle as well. Is the sole function for books, or does it have a browser too? I feel like having an integrated browser would aggravate my ADD.
You will never read more unless you like what you read. Focus on themes and genres more that devices. You will find your niche. 
It depends on what kind of motivation you have for reading, honestly. If knowing that a book is literally in your grasp and you're not reading it drives you insane, then you'd probably become an avid reader from buying a kindle or downloading eBooks onto a frequented electronic. That's not how it went for me. I have like ten unread eBooks on my phone as I type and I have no desire to read them again. I'd much rather have physical copies of all of them and wish I hadn't wasted the $2.99 each. Also, reading a book on your electronics is a lot different from reading articles or social media posts, at least for me. The two experiences are nothing alike in my opinion. It feels wrong to not have a physical book in my hand as I'm reading the story.
Maybe. It did for me, because it's so portable. Any time I find myself waiting ten minutes, I read ten pages of something. But for you, it's going to come down to if you are interested in lots of details about a subject instead of many overviews of different subjects. Maybe someone can lend you one to try? 
Not really. It'll make you feel like you're spending money on books, but unless you're actively reading already it's doubtful that a tablet with games and apps on it is going to change that. 
No. makes it easier to ignore books IMHO. Looking at a stack of real books makes me want to read more. With that said, it's still a good purchase.
I don't think it will.

If you aren't reading books now then it sounds like you need to figure out what genre of books will interest you. You should try going to the library and trying out a few different books. If you start finding something you love, then perhaps then make that transition and get a kindle.
I doubt it, but maybe. I don't really use my Kindle for anything other than a space saver. It is much nicer to read than a backlit phone, but I still prefer books.

So, I use the Kindle mostly when I travel. When I will be reading too much to want to use my phone app, but don't want to lug around heavy books.

The key though, is I was an avid reader before the Kindle, and will be after it. I use it when I would otherwise use books. If you don't enjoy books, I can't see you using a Kindle.
I know we're in the aftermath of the US election and there's a lot of uncertainty right now, but even before the election, it seemed like a lot of popular threads boiled down to arguments on racism and sexism. It's annoying, it's exhausting, and it's made the subreddit's tone less inclusive and welcoming and more divisive and disrespectful.

I thought literature was celebrated here because it lets you peek into other people's lives, see things from their perspectives, even if you don't agree with them. 

I know there's not much the mods can do, and they probably see worse stuff that gets banned or blocked, but that's how I feel about r/books at the moment. 
I just want to say that I think you guys do an incredible job, especially with how big the sub is. You guys are what allows me to come by every day and lurk on all the threads
This is the smoothest run sub I frequent on reddit! You guys are doing an awesome job with curating, moderating, and keeping up with everything!

Cheers!
I really dislike the fact that we can't create a thread asking for specific recommendations. I've tried the subreddits dedicated to recommendations however they dont get nearly the amount of views/replies. Even the recommendation threads don't. 
We still have a Harry Potter mega thread at the top of the page which only gets like 2 posts a week.
I guess the only thing I'd want to see less of is talking about "reading in general." Paper books versus kindles. Reading sitting up versus laying down. Does anyone else feel really smart for reading. Obviously it's okay to talk about reading in general, but maybe a meta thread? It's so hard to measure that I can understand why it's not cracked down on. I'm okay with "who's the best protagonist?" but it's hard to jump in on discussions of reading as a concept and they get repetitive.

Other than that, I like talks about books. I'll even jump in on the millionth Catcher in the Rye discussion. And the author AMAs are awesome. 
Thank you for doing a great job. I especially appreciate your rigorous enforcement of the "Personal Conduct" rule. I think it's important that people don't feel attacked here. It's ok to disagree, but there's always a respectful way to do it that doesn't involve name-calling, mocking, angry sarcasm, etc. Keep up the good work!
Could we do a stickied group of threads with book suggestions for Christmas presents? Maybe like a "Dads" one, and then a "Moms", then "Brothers" etc - and then people could post what their family members/friends are like, and people can make book suggestions?
I'd really like to see more discussion and analysis of books' contents, and fewer low-effort posts about how we read, where we read, or what was happening in our personal lives while we were reading. Anything to incentivize discussion based on the writing would be great.
I am not a big fan of having a the block of text requirement for text posts when people can post links to articles with really no thought attached. 


But I really do like the sub and I'm sure that rule was enacted for a reason. 


Maybe it's just me, but I am a little tired of seeing the front page of /r/books dominated by the same "I just read.... (insert the same ten books and authors)" threads. I get that people see these books mentioned all the time and then go and read them, but does every single person need their own dedicated thread about it?

I would like to not see those threads so much, especially if you can use the subreddit search bar and have the other thirty or fifty threads pop up. I don't have an answer for how to combat that though.
This subreddit rocks imo
I wish you would ban the "debate me on why I should buy an ebook reader" threads. They are pointless really. They  are just as bad as the 'where can I buy books' threads. If you can find Reddit you can find a search engine.

These are really just request threads in disguise. And you ban those outside of weekly threads. These should be banned too.
Pretty good list of anthologies here. I would add [Afterwords](http://www.veteranswritingworkshop.org/index.html) as another one that's worthwhile to take a look through. [1]

There's also Vet Lit: How we Remember War that's worth another look (also multi-war vets). 

overall, it would appear that this war (if I am to speak of the war on terror as one) has produced quite a bit of different works. Some are certainly worth the trouble, and, as you know with collections of shorts or novels, there are a few of those out too. 


[1] I contributed to a couple of both of these, but along with working with homeless vets, this has a large scope, to include outside the War on Terror.  
On writing by Steven king is amazing. 10/10 everyone should listen to it
Tina Fey's Bossypants. I read it, and then a few years later it was the book of the month for bookclub so I listened to it. The audiobook was *so good*. 
I can only imagine how amazing the works of renowned author Dan Brown would be.  My mind would be fluttering around in joy like a cage of birds that are flying around inside that cage.
I just listened to Norm MacDonald's book narrated by Norm MacDonald. It was great. Basically like a 10 hour comedy set.
Mick Foley - Have a Nice day
Not better, but just as good and worth checking out in audio format was World War Z.  It was abridged, which keeps it from being better, but the voice actors knocked it out of the park on that one.  It made a car ride from WV to VT go by very quickly.
"Born Standing Up" by Steve Martin is a must if you love comedy. 

Really any comedians memoirs/biography/tell-all should be heard rather than read. :) Aaaaaand that's a sentence I never thought I'd write. 
I'd say *The Martian* was more enjoyable as an audiobook. Because all of the bits on Mars are his logs, it just adds an extra layer of immersion to hear them, as opposed to reading them.
Nonfiction--particularly pop nonfiction--is best as audiobooks IMO. I had a big audiobook phase one summer in college when I listened to most of the popular nonfiction audiobooks at the time (1776, Freakonomics, Blink, Predictably Irrational) and I felt like i managed to absorb a lot more of it than the fiction I listened to.  
Books with an experimental writing style or unique dialogue can be helped with a good narrator. The audiobook for Inherent Vice does a great job of putting on a stoner dialect and reading like he was half-baked.
richard poe reading cormac mccarthy's blood meridian is pretty excellent, but then again, if i hadn't gotten intimate (heh, alright) with the text first, it might have been overwhelming to hear.

i'm currently listening to the game of thrones series.  really digging it.  this style of straight-forward narrative is pretty well suited to the audiobook medium methinks.  

i have been listening to the canterbury tales as well.  it's so rich.  takes focus though.  easy to space out but i don't mind replaying ad nauseum.

my local library has a lot of BBC stage productions of the works of agatha christie and those can be fun from time to time.

typically though i'm listening to nonfiction.  histories and biographies.  these genres are what i've found works best for audiobooks.  i tend to think of it as something like a university lecture.  
I'm not sure if he's well represented on Audible, but Recorded Books has a particular reader: Simon Prebble who does wonders with the Charles Paris mysteries by Simon Brett and anything in the P.G. Wodehouse Jeeves series.  He's got a ton of other titles on there, from H.G. Wells to Dick Francis.  
I think non fiction and autobiographies are really good in audio form.
Richard Dawkins, a Brief Candle in the Dark is a good example
A Song of Ice and Fire, and The Lord of the Rings.

Both of those series are ones that I have tried to read over and over, there was something about the writing though, in both.

I just couldn't seem to get my head around all of the places and people. I honestly would just feel confused and would put them down. However, once I got the audio-books, I gobbled them up. Roy Dotrice for ASoIF is awesome!
Blake Crouch did an AMA here in /r/books [you might want to take a look](http://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/3aektu/i_am_blake_crouch_author_of_the_wayward_pines/?) :) .  [Here's a full list of our upcoming AMAs](http://www.reddit.com/r/books/wiki/amafullschedule)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/books) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I love listening to the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy books at night before bed when my eyes are too tired to read. I've listened to other varieties of books, but fiction is my favorite on Audible. Reminds me of being a kid, I suppose. When teachers and parents would read fun adventure stories aloud. Narnia was my favorite as a child. :)
I loved the audiobook for [Sleeping Giants by Sylvain Neuvel](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25733990-sleeping-giants). Because it's mainly dialgue and interviewes, they got different actors for the different characters and it was awesome.
I really enjoy audiobooks that differentiate character voices.  Helps with switching dialogue.
The Watchmaker of Filigree Street was my first thought. Without spoiling it I'll say that there is an important accent change that makes a lot more sense when you can actually hear it. The Chronicles of St Mary's series is another one, it's very jokey at times and the narrator is a huge part of that.  
Two books everyone must listen to on Audiobook:

1. The Alchemist read by Jeremy Irons.  Mind Blowing!

2. Harry Potter Series read by Jim Dale - He does over 100 unique voices! 

Loved the books, but the audio was amazing!
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, with Harry Dean Stanton Jim Jarmusch and Joan Cusack, on Margaritaville Records. Its an adaption of a stage play.
I always thought Gaddis would be interesting to listen to on audio. Not sure if there even are any though, I checked once but couldn't find them for sale
The ARTEMIS FOWL series. Read by Nathaniel Parker. Amazing!!
His Dark Materials trilogy (The Golden Compass, etc) The voicing is amazing.
All the Sherlock Holmes Stories and Novels. They are awesome as dramatic readings, too. 

If you can stomach the material Gone With The Wind is one of the most amazing audio books I have ever listened too. It is well over 50 hours. I got it as part of a free trial to audible then cancelled. It is also routinely put on Youtube
Not books per say, but I always enjoyed the audiobook versions of plays we had to read for class. That shit is not meant to be read silently.
'A Hitchikers Guide to the Galaxy'. The narration adds that little bit more to all of the ordered chaos. 
I find long non fiction to better on audiobook, but I've enjoyed a lot of fiction as well. My sense is that it is idiosyncratic, depending on your interest, the quality of the reading, etc.. not sure if there is a general rule.
I don't really mean to be flippant, but my library has a really awesome service for digital books. Gifting a Kindle (if she doesn't have one already) and setting it up to work with her local library's Overdrive service would be a pretty awesome gift. 
You could get her a Kindle Unlimited subscription. It offers a large collection of titles for free (Amazon site says over 1 million). Check it out. 

You can check out Google play books too, but I don't think they have a subscription plan. You'd have to buy books individually. You could give her a gift voucher to redeem.
Try Scribd. You could try their 30-day free trial. Fee per month is $7.99. They provide you with 3 books and 1 audiobook each month, and unlimited access to magazines and news articles, and other documents. Their selections are great. Check out their rates in their website.  
Does she like using a kindle reader or similar? A lot of people still prefer the old fashioned physical copy of a book. A gift voucher for book shop might work if so.
Hmmm, I'm not familiar that there is such service.  The best you can go with is Kindle and Audiobooks.com 
I still prefer physical books, but Kindle is wallet saver often.  
Storytell <-- best platform for audiobooks!! Its like netflix for books
There was a Netflix for books called Oyster, but I believe it shut down. You might try googling for similar products though.
**East of Eden** by John Steinbeck is a personal favorite of mine. There was something about Steinbeck's down-to-earth view of humanity that I found refreshing. It taught me that humanity is beautiful, in spite of (or perhaps because of) our flaws.

What did you guys think of East of Eden? Did it have a strong impact on you? Did it hold your interest?
I've been trying to read less genre fiction this year and it's been much more rewarding (though much more of a challenge) to focus on literary fiction. I don't think i've stumbled upon any new favorites per se, however, but I do feel like my world has expanded immensely compared to when I was reading mostly "umpteenth deconstruction of western  fantasy tropes" or gritty cyberpunk novel 2157 AD

Here are my favorites: 

**The Brief and Wondrous life of Oscar Wao** by Junot Diaz remains one of my favorite books. The writing is funny and incisive and the story is great.

**Fates and the Furies** Was one of my favorite books I read last year. The characters were so sharply realized and the themes were just wonderfully fleshed out. 

**All the Light We Cannot See** was the other book thatw as on a lot of the "best of" lists that totally deserved it. The writing was incredible and the story really drew you in. 
I'd really recommend **Snow Country by Yasunari Kawabata** as a book/author you might not have heard of, I picked it up on a whim in a second hand book shop and it is on the most beautiful books I have read and has one of my favourite passages in any book.

The book won the noble prize for its beautiful/lyrical style, I wish I could read it in the original Japanese as I will never know what was lost in translation. 

It's only around 110 pages long so it can be read in a few hours.  I found no discussion of it on this subreddit just some people complaining about it which really disheartened me and made me unsub from here among other things.
Orphan Masters son by Adam Johnson 
Wind-Up Bird Chronicle by Haruki Murakami.
Some of my favorite literary fiction is short fiction. Flannery O'Connor's story [A Good Man is Hard to Find](http://xroads.virginia.edu/~drbr/goodman.html) comes to mind.  
  
Just re-reading it again, a few of the things I like about it: every piece of gothic imagery supports the ending - how we get from point A (family preparing for a road trip) to the gruesome point B.  
  
Also, the story appears on the surface to be deeply moral, almost a parable about the everyday wicked seeking forgiveness only on judgement day, but O’Connor subverts the very characteristizations that she’s worked so hard to build , about the grandmother and the killer, by imbuing them very skillfully with these bits of humanity at the end.  
  
Also, at the end "Take her off and thow her where you shown the others..." Shown them what? Love the wording here. Again, the killer implies he is who he is because of free will, realizing that he has no capacity for faith, because nothing is known for sure and if he'd been there to see if Christ had actually raised the dead, he wouldn't be who he is now. It's chilling yet leaves things open for interpretation. After reading it twenty times, this story still impacts me while reading a lot of literary fiction today I can see the nuts and bolts, leaving me jaded.
Hands down, one of 2016's best lit fics is Innocents and Others by Dana Spiotta. 
Anything by Vonnegut, Burroughs, and Gaiman. Bukowski is quite good, and his work is considered fiction, however I feel as though many of his stories are rooted in truth.
How do you know they didn't write the books themselves? One thing I'm always surprised at with celebrities in the entertainment industry, is that before they became well known for whatever they're famous for, they were trained or studied for an adjacent industry - a tv presenter used to be a singer, an actress studied ballet, etc so the range in there. And if the creative types I know personally are anything to go on - these people have creative ideas about damn near everything. A set designer I know also writes poetry and sings in a choir, for Christmas I know she'll send me a hand painted card. 

As for celebrities "writing" books not their own, how is any different from ghost-written books?
There are some I doubt wrote their own books, and others I think did. Walliams is one I always think has written his own. And sure he writes like Dahl but that's not necessarily a terrible thing because his books get kids reading and I think that's the most important thing. If celebrities can get children to read while they cash in on their name then I'm all for it personally.
It's common for someone who's been successful in one field to want to branch out.  There have been lots of actors who also play in a band and musicians who dabble in acting.  If you polled the executive suite in any big company, I'd bet at least a few of them have completed a marathon.  In *The Power of Habit*, Charles Duhigg notes that when people started exercising and keeping a food journal, they also started making other positive changes in their lives.  Success in one area provided the tools and confidence to try something else.  

Lots of people dream of writing a book, and celebrities, from what I hear, are just like us.  Most of us would either defer that dream or self-publish to a largely indifferent world.  A movie star not only has the courage to try, but can get more attention on her book simply by being who she is.  
> It feels like supporting the wrong people.

In my view, whether or not you support the person is an altogether different question from whether or not you support the book. Do you find the book worthy of support? Support it. If not, don't bother. It doesn't need to be any more complicated than that.
I feel like a children's book (a true children's book - not YA or children's chapter books) is not all that difficult to write so it's not hard to believe celebrities would have the time to fit them into their schedules. My sixth grade class wrote children's books as an assignment and the majority of them were passable (though the self-drawn illustrations were pretty rough). 

And as another user commented - many creative people have their hands in many different arenas and are always coming up with new creative endeavors. 

I feel the books should be evaluated on their own merit, not the merit or fame of the author, but I see no reason to believe the books aren't a legit labor of love simply because the author was already famous for something else. 
The Rush Revere books are the only ones that come to mind.  They are excellent children's books.  I didn't expect them to be and I thought the story line was cheesy.  But, then I saw how much my kids enjoyed the.  And they're accurate history.  My little kids now are familiar with names like William Bradford, Squanto, Samoset, and Massasoit.
The only real problem I have with celebrity 'authors' is that they most likely arent the true author. Usually you can tell when it has the celeb name in big, bold print and then in smaller print 'with Joe Schmoe'. While the celeb may have contributed ideas or the story, they certainly didnt author the book. 

To the OP's question - there are some celebs that actually do write their own children's books. Its not many, mind you, but they do exist. 

Do they deserve our support? Why not? Whats the difference whether a celeb name is printed on the cover or not? Does the story change just because of that?

I dont like it either, but as long as the book is decent I see no problem with it. 
. . . you're still a teen. 	

(눈_눈)
You're nine**teen** you say?
Just wait until you turn 30 to read it, then 40. then 50. This book changes over time as your world view changes.
I felt the exact same way when I re-read A Clockwork Orange. When I first read it at fifteen I found the ending flat and abrupt, and was far more enamoured with the crime and prison scenes. But when I read it again at twenty three I finally realised the message (or my interpretation anyhow) that Alex just grew up at the end, that his antics could not be cured, rather, adolescence must be experienced and then allowed to pass with time. 
I read it when I was fifteen and thought he was an angsty little shit.  I doubt my views will have changed.
It will change and change again each time you read it. Thank you for sharing this with us.
I tried to read it in ninth grade and couldn't handle it, he seemed like a fake. I read it again this year and I related to him sometimes on the rebel-level, but I found that I also had similar patterns of thought as him and didn't want to keep that part of myself. It helped me grow, so I like it for that, but I didn't enjoy it like I enjoy other books. I thought the ending was dumb too -- no plot, and then suddenly it's a lecture on how you should go to school by some guy Holden can't even trust? And he takes it?? No thanks. I don't think Holden is necessarily a person no one should be either, that's just too judgmental.
Ulgh. Feeling your pain.  Mine is similar: when a movie or TV show has a character they describe as a great literary writer (House of Cards's Tom Yates comes to mind), there is usually a point where they have to produce this wordsmith's writing.  Invariably, it's the kind of pretentious twaddle you have there.  

It's a common problem with self-published books - I creeped a little and found "Cephrael's Hand". 

Of course it happens in books from established publishing houses too - like the Dan Brown novels. Excessive adjectives annoy me too.  
Oh yeah well your title's alliteration was pretty pointless! edit: unless it was to prove a point. In that case it would have a point
Gives me conniptions.
I've always wanted to go there. 
Such a great bookstore. RIP Jim.
Personally I've gotten more out of "The Richest Man in Babylon" but Kiyosaki's ideas are similar. I separate personal finance into 2 columns - managing debt and expenses, and growing wealth. You have to start with the former to be successful with the latter.
Wouldn't it be, discussion wise, more helpful to post this to a personal finance sub?
Sure, but I haven't had to deal with the closure part yet. Neither Game of Thrones or the Name of the Wind series (by their colloquial names) seem to be in any danger of finishing anytime soon.
> WW2 Nazi Germany, which I'm weirdly interested to know what happened during that time

I see so many comments like this. Why do so many people feel it necessary to say these kind of undercutting, self-critical, and just plain bizarre things? There is nothing "weird" about being interested in what the hell happened before, during and after, in and around  Nazi Fucking Germany.
Whenever I decide to reread the Harry Potter series, I plow through the first four books or so, then my pace very noticeably slows to a crawl. 
A little different then your experience but I was all excited during the months leading to the release of Deathly Hallows. I remember standing in a queue to get my copy as soon as it was out. It's only when I reached home and started reading it, the feeling sank into me that it was going to be the last Potter book. I had made a deal with my sister that I was gonna finish the book in couple of days after which she can take her own sweet time to savour it. The trouble was I didn't want it to end.  The faster I rushed towards the end, the gultier I felt. Finally I finished the book and felt like a part of my childhood died.
Maybe George R R Martin is refusing to finish Game Of Thrones in a timely fashion because he doesn't want it to end.
If you don't finish reading a book, then it ends where you stopped reading. It still ended. Nothing lasts forever in this life. 
What is this restraint you speak of?  
I took Stephen King's advice and stopped reading Dark Tower VII at the second-to-last chapter.
No, but I'm holding off reading Umberto Eco's last novel, because after I do, there won't ever be any more :(
Not so much refused to finish but I refuse to start 'The Shepherd' Crown' by Terry Pratchett. I want there to always be one Pratchett book that I have yet to read. 
This doesn't happen for me, although I know a lot of people feel this way about particular books. I always want to get a sense of the whole thing, and you only achieve that by reaching the end - and then I'm off and away reading the next book. 

Maybe there are two kinds of reader, the immerser and the onlooker. I am never so immersed in a book that I feel I am living in another world - for me, I am always looking for how the writer is doing it. A particularly satisfying plot development ambushes me and I'm like the Bob Peck character in the first *Jurassic Park* movie, just as he knows he's about to be eaten. I think about the writer and say to myself, Clever girl. Or boy.
Yeah, I've never finished the last Dune book because then it'll be over.

I only have one unread short story from the St Mary's series by Jodi Taylor. I'll probably give in before Christmas so I can read this year's Christmas story over the holidays.
I do this with many things. Reading, writing, programming, visioning... it's a form of procrastination. I probably should say more about what I mean by that; but I'd kinda rather leave it at that for now...
Yes. I still haven't finished the Hyperion Cantos which I started half a year ago. Might finally do it sometime next year. Maybe. 

No. The end is inevitable; embrace it!
No. If I love a book, I'll just re-read it every couple of years. No need to put off finishing something you love! In fact, when I first finished The Book Thief, the first thing I did was flip back to page 1 and start again. Didn't need to finish it a second time, just wasn't ready to let go yet.
I've had the opposite.  Where I have a new book that I think is going to be great, but then put off reading it for a couple of weeks because I don't want to be disappointed.  
Usually once I get close to the end of a book, I start reading more often.
It took me nearly two years to finish the *Dictionary of the Khazars* because I kept re-starting the book from a different chapter (it's a "dictionary" novel whose entries you can read in basically any order you choose). 
I mean i get the feeling that i don't wanna end the great story but i still finish it.

Annnd then feel empty afterwards
I recently did this with Leo Tolstoy's War & Peace. I absolutely loved this novel, and as I got closer and closer to finishing it, it became bittersweet.
Interestingly not with books. When Banks died I picked up Hydrogen sonata as a farewell to that beautiful man. I read it and I was sad and happy at the same time. Happy because what a journey it was and dad because how much more it could have been.

But video games.... I still haven't finished the witcher3 and dragon age inquisition, my save is somewhere close to the end. Not necessarily because they are that good but I just lose the will to play rpgs to finish. I dont know why.
Shit, here I am feeling like a smart fuck because I'm going to hit 50 by the end of the year (hopefully).
Now finish more. Does it look like the end of the year to you?
Congratulations!  

I went for 100 this year, as well, and I think I just finished #125.

Not sure if you're looking for suggestions, but seeing the Green Mile in your top picks bit made me think of another Stephen King book I really liked and thought you might be interested in: 11/22/63.
How the fuck do you have so much free time to read?
how the hell do you people read so fast, and what is your information retention?

I admire you, 100 is quite a feat. Would you mind sharing what kept you motivated? 
I read animal farm this year, so I guess I've got that going for me...

Well done, OP. 
I'm on book #92 so I might get there. I wasn't trying to get that many either, my original goal was 60.
I hope you enjoy driving your Lamborghini up in the Hollywood hills.
This is really amazing.  Congrats! 
Wow!  You go glen coco!  I set a goal of 75 this year after reading 50 last year. I've since lowered it to 60. But I also had a baby this year so I'm cutting some slack. Maybe in 2 years I'll be on your level. 
> Oryx and Crake, Margaret Atwood

YES! One of my favourites.
I read 120 books in grade 6 if that means anything 
Congratulations!

I'm on 92 currently.

http://www.instagram.com/lenoirthethird
"The more you learn, the more you earn."
  -Tai Lopez
Mind to share Goodreads profile to check out some of those books?
Congrats. That's a great accomplishment and I'm actually jealous. 
Since you liked *Shogun*, I highly highly highly recommend [*Musashi*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Musashi_(novel). One of my all-time favorites.
Lonesome dove is so good! 
100 books and you even included some doorstops. I'm pushing 60 books for the year, I don't know how you found the time.
Would you say reading that many books has paid off? Like learned new skills, new mindsets, perspectives, or learned how to write by reading or improved vocabulary? What has been the benefits of reading this much for you?
I thought I was the only person ever not to like Slaughterhouse Five. Good to know I'm not alone.
*You didn't like Lolita?*
You mention using goodreads, did you read on e-reader like a kindle?
Thanks for sharing your list (and comments about the books you read!)
Kudos to you for reading a lengthy tome like Shogun and still managing to read 99 others. Impressive and inspiring. I didn't meet my reading goal for this year for the first time EVER... but next year I will! 
I am coming up on 60 books this year. Not 100, but I read some big books including all the game of thrones and other very long books.  I am not sure I will ever read this much again. To hard to still have a life. 
Awesome! I normally go for 100 books/year. But this time I set my goal to 75 cause I was really busy... Or so I thought cause now I'm on my 77th book. Looks like it's another 100 year. :D
I also read 100 books this year. But 95/100 of them were audiobooks. Does this count, or is my accomplishment diminished compared to OP? I didn't have a goal of hitting 100, I just had a lot of work hours spent listening to headphones. I work alone so there's no disruptions to kill my immersion or distract me from the narrative.
Nice work! That's an amazing accomplishment!

Having not really been a reader myself, I started doing audiobooks over the last couple months with the goal of hitting 10 by the end of the year. So far I'm at 17, and I've experienced a lot of what you described. It's amazing getting excited about literature again.

Interestingly, one of mine was also Fahrenheit 451, and I also just didn't really enjoy it. I was surprised, actually, given how much of a "classic" it is. 
Mind posting your list?
Nice job! I just hit 66 books so far this year. To be fair, I count audio books as well. I keep a list in a word document of all the books I read each year and try to read more every year. It's great to have a goal to reach to keep yourself motivated : )
Good Job, OP. It is inspiring to hear that. I hope I'll be able to read more next year. I usually read around forty books per year, but hopefully I can increase that to 50 or even 60.
Fuck, I wish I could do that.

Now I’m certain I could, but among the other things I love, reading is really something to fill out the free 15-30 minutes I have between the work, friends, trying to loose weight, personal project, planning trips, etc.

Every early spring, our national railroad company and and next to every town start trying to repair our roads and infrastructure, which means that every commute to work and back suddenly takes at least 30 minutes longer. That’s my cue to start binging on books so I cut through at least 10-15 in month or two compared to rest of the year where I hardly finish 5 books.
How much of each book do you retain? Do you feel like your ability to retain info has improved? Do you actively read or passive or both? 
>I also realized there are some famous books that I didn't really care for

For a long time I thought I had to like Shakespeare -- especially as an English major who loves classics -- because it's, well, Shakespeare. It was a nice moment when I finally accepted that I don't have to like it. 


I've picked up the longest book of my life till date: *The Stand.* I started that in February. And I'm still reading it.
Impressive, truly impressive, congratulations and keep up the good read!

Now I'm a little envious, because i used to read at least one or two books per week, but for some reason I lost interest and I'm unable to pick up anything longer than a few pages :/
I'm on #70 right now for the year. I set the goal at 52 books and have surpassed that. But i do it with audiobooks I would never have the time to physically read that many books in a year.  Well, I could, but that would be my only form of entertainment and I'm not looking to abandon everything else. 

Also, F451 is my favorite book. I'm just blown away by how closely our modern society matches what he predicted in the 60s.
Do not read simply to finish 100 books. Finding a passion for reading is worth finishing 1,000 books. Don't get caught up in the "I have to finish X book by Y date," because then the book is undervalued.
I'll barely finish Infinite jest this year. Nice work
Well done you, but reading should be a pleasure not an obligation. If you are forcing yourself to read books you are probably reading the wrong books.
I absolutely loved The Glass Castle!!!
Cool! My spectrum is the Fight Club and The Handmaid's Tale!

and... I should probably set a goal of 100 each year too... that shall be my new goal for 2017! Thanks for the inspiration OP! :')
nice one dude! do reddit post count coz I must heave read at least 400. 
I know it's not the same but I am able to listen to audio books at work and regularly put in 6-8 hours a day, I've listened to around 200 this year and read 14. Also, John Ringo got me started too. =D
You might like Jumper and Reflex by Steven Gould. 

They're fiction, and though generally they are labeled as fantasy (which is reasonable; he can teleport), I would still stress the fiction part more, because the first book is mostly about how he deals with life (in which he happens to have that ability), and the second involves being on the receiving end of torture and conditioning.

I remember the first book being fascinating because he experiments with the limits of his ability alongside solving real-life problems (family, love, life, you know), and I remember the second book actually making my stomach turn not out of disgust—it's not a disgusting book—but out of profound sadness; I couldn't stand his powerlessness and his being made perfectly aware of what they're going to do to him and experiencing them succeed. (Don't worry, this is not a spoiler. The story revolves around much more.)

They're light books, IMHO, so give it a go!
Definitely read the rest of the Maddaddam trilogy by Atwood. Year of the Flood and Maddaddam focus on other characters, but are equally awesome
I'm on book 95/100 right now with two long road trips in my near future. I think I may hit 105 before the new year. I love Goodreads and the challenge has been fun but I found myself avoiding bigger books because I was worried they would take me too long. I don't think I'll try for 100 again until I'm retired or the kids need less attention.

Next year I'm thinking about cutting my challenge number way down and focusing on the classics and nonfiction biographies. I want to read Gone with the Wind and re-read The Count of Monte Cristo (I read it this year but kind of blew through it. Loved it though!). There was also a Brandon Sanderson that I started(ebook), really got into and then a co-worker showed me how big it was. I had an oh holy shit moment and decided to come back to it. I started checking page numbers on my ebooks after that. lol

I loved most of the classics I read except 1984, Alice in Wonderland and Breakfast at Tiffany's. I read The Swans of 5th Ave though and I think it made me hate Capote so now I'm having issues with hearing his voice/attitude coming through and its making the whole book annoying. 

I had quite a few YA novels in there which were like torture but I had to read them for work so... At least they boosted my number?  

The challenge was fun though. I can't believe I actually followed through. 
The Sellout was so great, one of my favourites this year as well. 
> This also turned out to be porn, but I read the first 4 John Ringo books anyway

LOL. Hahahahahaha
I was never a reader. This year a friend turned me on to the gentleman bastard series by Scott Lynch. That sparked something in. I'm amazed that you've read 100 books. I'm happy with reading 10 books this year. I'm currently reading Good Omens by Neil Gaiman and Terry Pratchett. So it will be 11 books. I can say I'm very happy I started reading. 
Oryx and Crake is a fantastic book.  The year of the flood which is the follow up to that one is great as well..  Turns out I just really like Margaret Atwood. 
This will probably be buried, but screw it: Do you feel/think that reading that many books has changed you? Memory? Focus? Are you able to digest the material more quickly or differently?

Or is it just that reading has become a much bigger part of your life now?
Congrats on reading 100! I read 10 books. This was a huge goal for me. 
great post! congrats on your reading list
I fell way short of this year's goal (60) due to depression, anxiety and college kicking my ass. But you've inspired me to try again next year and aim higher. Thanks OP!
Edit: autocorrect fail
100 in a year is phenomenal. Silly to ask this, but how much time do one need to spend on an average day for this many books in a year?
Well ummm here I am with my 26 books for this year..... :(
Impressive and inspiring. I need to get off Reddit...
Audiobooks FTW, that's how I smash out a lot of 'reading'. 

You're the first person I've come across that actually has heard of Oryx & Crake. I loved that series SO much. It's just perfection - realistic, eerie, funny, depressing and Atwood doesn't treat the reader like an idiot. You really have to figure out a lot of stuff for yourself. 

I'm not sure how much sci-fi is your bag but I HIGHLY recommend Iain M Banks (or search Iain Banks for his non-sci-fi stuff). He's dead set my favourite author and I was so devastated when he died. His books are very cerebral and clever and make you think about everything. The Culture books are amazing action packed sci-fi with great mind bending concepts. Get on it!
My Goodreads goal for the year was 150. I hit 190 yesterday. And yes. I am bragging lol :) #justkeepreading 
> I didn't really care for like...Catch-22

How dare you!
Read more Stephen King
Good for you! My hunny and I have just "rediscovered" reading - we're finally getting to a place where our ability to concentrate is coming back and we have a LOT of reading to catch up on! Thank goodness for libraries!!!!

Anyways - keep it up and rock it out! Reading is an amazing gift and it can give you so much!
What was the key to getting this done?
Ok one question, how did you acquire all these books? I imagine not physical copies but a kindle or what? And how much did it all cost?
That's one book every 3.65 days. Crazy!
Just curious, how long did it take you to read Shōgun? If I remember correctly, isn't it quite long?
What does reading 100 books translate to in real time? I read the first book of ASOIAF in 13 hours (midnight to past noon) so if it takes half a day to finish one book, probably 50 days more or less? That's like 13.7% of your year.
Good job! I used to read 100+ books every year when I was in high school (I was an introvert with no social life lol) but now I have trouble balancing work with all the other hobbies I want to do *as well* as wanting to read. Your post is inspirational! I want to get back to what I used to achieve. 
Congrats on the 100 books and rediscovering fiction! I'm planning on going in the opposite direction next year. Love that Two Years Before the Mast and Nation are on your favorites list.
Where is your favorite spot to read? 
What do you think of the gene an intimate history, Im reading it now
>I also learned that, similar to my life, I don't like to have much of the supernatural in my story. I prefer realism and I really enjoy adventure and survival motifs. Which is why I had been reading a lot of that type of non-fiction previously.

>The Green Mile

>Oryx and Crake

lol wut

Ever tried Clancy and Ludlum?Clancy's political spy stories are incredibly time-looking forward,you can find a lot of whats happening now in books written 20 years ago.
Audiobooks are another way to get a bit of extra time with a book you wouldn't normally be able to. Say in the car to work, in the morning when you wake up or at night while falling asleep. 

I went from reading about 20 books a year to getting through about 50 or so thanks to audiobooks. 


Oryx & Crake is my favorite book and Margaret Atwood is my favorite author.  I definitely recommend "The Year of the Flood."  Also, not as science-fictiony but definitely as dystopic is "Children of Men" by PD James.  Really enjoyed it and would highly recommend it. 
I loved the Sellout so so so much and no one felt the same way in my circle of buddies. Thanks so much for posting this. I dig your list, and want to check out Shogun now.
The Count of Monte Cristo is my all time favorite. It was the first book I finished and thought, "Damn, that was art." It's so intricate and perfect. Ugh.
>But I also realized there are some famous books that I didn't really care for like Fahrenheit 451, Slaughterhouse Five, The Dispossessed

Don't tell /r/printSF
Congrats. Nice list too. Lots of Pratchett (always great), Stephen King, Pierce Brown, Dan Simmons, Ursula LeGuin. Very nice.
It's too bad that Goodreads doesn't distinguish between a 10-page novella and a big tome like the Count of Monte Cristo. I'm currently at 176 books (=41164 pages). What does Goodreads say your total number of pages is??? 
r/books does it again! 

Top work, amigo. Have been meaning to check out Oryx and Crake for a while now - will do! 
God I miss logging 100 a year towards the end of middle school and early in high school, before I had AP classes (and now college).
Hey you read The Contorionists Handbook!!! I know that was my suggestion ;) it is probably my favorite audiobook of all time and in my top 3 books. Plus I tell ppl around here they should read it all the time, haha. So glad you loved it! Cheers
I normally read atleast 25 books a year (did so for the last three years). But this year, I fell flat on my face in the endeavour. I'm yet to finish my 8th book this year. Very bad count.
Congrats!! I'm on track to hit 52 this year. How many books did you start and not finish? I started a few and haven't finished them....
Congrats!! I'm struggling to read 10 a year. 
Side note: I liked The Sympathizer ,(seeing that's in your list) did you? Can you recommend any books which go in depth relating to the characters?
What are your favourite non-fiction books?
LOL, sad me...one or 2 i guess, I having been watching too much TV lately.
And I didn't even make it to the end of your post... (no offense)
I am currently at the start of my 23rd this year. My goal is 24, 2 books/month on average.
Preemptively I am going to say this post is more about movies than books so yea, don't hate too much I know wrong sub, but I feel it would be a sin not to say it 

you mentioned the count of monte Cristo twice in your post and as it is one of my favourite books but definitely favourite movies I thought I would tell you to give the movie a shot

**SPOILERS** kinda? Not really but some people are crazy 

There are two monte cristo movies, both good, and they are different enough that they are worth watching. 

Additionally another one of my favourite movies along the same motifs V for vendetta  **SPOILERS** (again not really) the characters in that talk about the movie monte cristo for a scene which was cool

You said you like adventure; have you read anything by Rafael Sabatini? The Sea Hawk, Captain Blood, or Scaramouche?
Self improvement is a big thing for me and I tend to steer towards non-fiction books aimed at helping me hack my life. My question for you would be what are some of the things that you've learned or have benefitted from by reading these books? Thanks for sharing!
How much do you remember of the books that you read? I've always wondered how reading that much affects your ability to retain all of that information.
I'm proud of you. My reading challenge this year was 50, but I'm already hitting 70 so I'm feeling pretty smug. 100 is massive, congratulations! 
I wish I could reach a hundred. I'm only at 29 haha.
This is great, kudos to you!

I'm just over 60 for this year, my record by far. I won't be able to reach 100 in 2016 but hopefully next year I'll make it :)
What did you think of House of Leaves? I still have it sitting around, tried to read it for a bit but haven't gotten back to it. Was planning on reading the entire thing this year but I have a feeling it'll take me a lot longer than expected. 
I also read John Ringo inspired at the same post! But I stopped at the first one! I had a very similar reaction to this sub last year! Congrats! 
I'm a very slow reader. On my 32nd book right now.
Pshhh... Wish I had time to read 10 books a year
I still can't read.
How did you finish so many books?  Do you work/ socialize like normal,  or what did you sacrifice for the achievement? 
Does listening audiobooks count, if so i've gone through 5 this year, soon to start my sixth. 
I didn't like Farenheit 451 either. I started it, got about two chapters in and thought, 'People really love this purple prose? I can't take it.' and I put it down. Maybe I'll give it a try some other time, but I mostly ever read minimalist fiction, bare bones, direct to point fiction. I can't stand too many similes, metaphors.

The Sellout was also and incredible book. I don't remember when I laughed out loud so much when reading a book.
How do you afford so many books? I would love to read more, but I wait until they're cheap on Kindle and there just aren't enough good ones that go in the deals. 
Congrats! You made it to bronze level!  Great job friend, books rule!
I managed to read 137 books so far but whenever I look at the least I feel guilty, like I somehow cheated. I mean, I have some great books on my list, but I also have a lot of crap, like Star Wars novels. I caught myself picking up books based on their length and not their quality, just thinking "well I can read this one fast, let's do it". I'm never doing this to myself again, next year I'm not doing any lists, goals or reading challenges, I'm focusing on reading for pure pleasure of it.
This has motivated me to attempt the same thing next year.  I usually go through a lot of books (GoT in under a month) but would like a challenge that would get me to go out of my comfort zone and try a greater variation of fiction.

My only downside is finding the time to read.  When working from home I can read for an hour or two before bed, whereas if I'm out on contract then I'm so tired that I manage a paragraph or two before falling asleep - it's taken me almost 3 weeks to get through Pyramids by Terry Pratchett instead of the expected 2-3 days.

I've bookmarked your reading list and will use that (or a variation of it) and hopefully start on 1 December

Thanks for the motivation and congratulations on achieving your goal
Reading books is like making love. It's all about how many times you finish. Per year of course.

Jesus. After realizing I spend far too much time in Azeroth I set myself a goal of 24 books and I'm 3 away. I was feeling super smug until this. Good job!! :D
Hey congrats on the 100 books! If you like realism and survival, you should check out Nat Geo's list of best adventure books. A few that I read were, The Worst Journey in the World and Kon-Tiki. You might like them 
I did that 2 years ago by starting to read all the Agatha Christie novels. Good grief, it was fun to do. The Hercule Poirot series was just awesome. 
Couple recommendations based on your stated tastes... Nightflight and Wind, Sand, and Stars both by Antoine St. Exupery and The Man Who Would Be King by Rudyard Kipling, 
I'm glad to see another fan of The Green Mile! I've talked to a lot of Stephen King fans and they've never heard of them! If you like Stephen King I would suggest a little dabble in Gath Nix's Sabriel series (fiction) and his Keys to the Kingdom series (also fiction) I did about 100 books the other year and have sadly dropped a lot of reading time for studies but now I might trade off some play time for reading time!
In 2015, I ended up reading somewhere just shy of 90 books.  Admittedly, I slowed down a bit towards the end.  

I'm a pretty fast reader.  But I was spending 2-3 hours a day reading, plus a full 8+ hour day sometimes on the weekends. Most of my books were pretty long.  In fact, I tossed a few in there from the Dresdan series just to pad out my numbers, because they are shorter.  And I tossed the whole Belgariad+Mallorean series because I could count it as 10 books.  

It was almost exhausting to read that much.  Especially in the beginning, it was almost panic inducing when a 700+ page monster would kick me behind schedule, so I would deliberately find a short book (or even a novella like Of Mice and Men), to "catch up"

I'm a pretty quick reader, but I REALLY don't know how people read 100-200 books in a year.  I have a friend who is shooting for a 250 book challenge this year, and she's almost done.  She'll review three or four books at a time on Goodreads.  I don't know, I guess I just don't understand how you can get that much out of the books when you are just tearing through them as fast as possible trying to pad up your numbers.  

I thought about doing another book challenge, but I didn't.  While I was happy I got back to reading so much, like I said, so much of it felt like an absolute chore by the end. 
What didn't you like about Lolita?
What didn't you like about Slaughterhouse Five? I like to hear different opinions, not looking to judge
What are your least fav. books in each category?
For those who just can't find the time: throw a book on the toilet and read while you're on the can. Even if it's just a page at a time, it usually gets me through the first half of the book, after which world-building is usually over, the interesting bits are starting to happen, and I end up reading the rest in one go. I don't finish some absurd number of books in a year, but then again, I don't really feel like I have to. It's about enjoying the ride and getting access to entertainment, storytelling, and ideas I wouldn't otherwise be able to.
Holy shit! 100 books! How many pages do you hit a day? 


How do you feel differently now that you've read all of those books? Any life perspective changes and things of that nature?
Great job! Are you still a student, or do you have a job?

I'm a student, and I'm in my 57th book at the moment. I'm hoping to read about 65 by the end of the year, but I'm thinking that won't happen. 

I was actually at exactly 30 by the end of April. (Exam period in January was great for my reading - so much "free" time!) but I slowed down a bit through the rest of the year!

As I said, great job! Are you planning to do the same the coming years?
I was literally just about to search for some good books to read when I saw this post. I've only read 3 this year I think but one was Dune so that took me forever. 

Does anyone have a recommendation similar to dune?
If you are into ebooks, bookbub.com will send you an email everyday sith links to discounted (either deeply or free) of books you may like at the service you use ( so for me its Kobo and Amazon but IIRC they also have Apple books Google books among others)
I always love to look up my word count per year. It gives me a greater understanding of my progression as a reader. I'd be interested in knowing what you hit OP.
That's one book every 3.65 days.  They must all be terribly short.
Quick question, should I count audiobooks? I finished quite a few of them - I didn't read them though, so I'm not sure if that would influence my number "read" this year
Congratulations! There are a lot of great books in your list of 100. What did you think of the Red Rising series? I personally loved it.
The Glass Castle is the only book I read in highschool I remember. Fantastic book. 
I think thete is a downside to reading a lot of books over many years.  After awhile it feels like there is nothing under the sun that is new.  When a book shows up that is either written differently than others or the content/views of the author are ideas I have not thought about then I savour that book.

Many times I find myself wandering and noticing styles of literature of certain ages.  Its mind stimulating when most books begin to look like cookie cutter novels.  Gives me something else to think about besides the book itself. :)
Check out the remainder of James Clavell's "Asian Saga". Chronicles the past 400 years with an interlaced storyline that seems to follow one particular ancestry. Noble House was my favourite, especially after visiting HK!
I've tried to hit a hundred, but I always lose steam in the first month. I'll have gotten about eight or nine done, then I just can't keep up the pace. What's your trick?
The last time I read 100 books in a year, I couldn't read serious works for a couple of years afterwards. It didn't help that it was for a PhD so I was reading some heavy, dark stuff that kind of scarred my psyche. I'm back to normal now. :) Congrats on your achievement!
Quality post.
Great accomplishment! Two questions on your achievement:

**1.** After you had read a book, did you reflect on its purpose or on its meaning?

**2.** On average you have read two books a week, how did you manage around your obligations? work? sports? Family? Gf? Cooking? Laundry? etc. 
[deleted]
Great work. You inspire me to do the same....thinking....
Great work, I found Goodreads (or any method of tracking your reading progress) has helped me in reading more than I used to. Something about tracking your progress and seeing all the progress you've made motivates you to read more.

I actually set a goal of reading 25 books over the summer, which I've already done, I might try 50 books next year.
Speed reading?  I wish I could.
Have you read any of Clavell's Asian Saga aside from Shogun?
I'm a very slow reader. That's why I listen to audiobooks instead. But it still takes me a long time to finish an audiobook. 
Had a little giggle at "I also learned that, similar to my life, I don't like to have much of the supernatural in my story." I feel the same way! Congratulations on reaching your goal. Keep on reading 
How does one manage to read so much white working full time?
Working/gymming full time and staring at a computer screen all day leaving me with dry eyes does not facilitate reading. My goal was 1 book per month. I was successful until March. Now I've been on holiday for a week and already read two books! 

(Mind you, everything I've read on reddit this year could have probably equated to about 20 novels so I think this is where my real problem lies...)
Would you say that listening to AudioBooks is somewhat equivalent to reading? I read some/alot of books, but during work at a factory and during other activities I've listened to probably hundreds of books. Would ofcourse want to be able to read more books aswell.
This is impossible. 7000 hours for 100 books including some epics like lonesome dove and count of Monte cristo?
Shogun! Best historical romance novel for dudes.
To celebrate all of that KNOWLEDGE did you drive your Lamborghini through the Hollywood hills?
You and I seem to have similar tastes in books! I'll have to check out some of your favorites that I haven't tried.
How do you actually read? I mean, is there some technique you use to read this quickly? There are a few 1000+ page books on your list. Personally, I know what a pain in the ass House of Leaves is to read. That book alone took about a month for me to go though, and I even skipped sections. If I can get 2 book in per month, I feel like an accomplished smart ass, so I'm in awe of your god like powers.
I'm curious as to what a typical day for you the last year looks like...how many hours a day did you spend reading? Did you have free time for anything else?
Watch the movie of The Green Mile!
Clevenger, man love his stuff. Did you check out Dermophoria?
Dude.... do you have time for socializing and keeping up with current events? Exercise? That is so many books haha
I second Contortionist's Handbook. I recommend it to people and they're really put off by the title.
Damn, that's a lot. This is the first year I've kept a list and had a goal of 30 books. I will likely hit 40 or 45 depending on how busy I am over the holidays. 100 would kill me! You must be a pretty quick reader. 
You must read The Name of the Wind, it will change your life. 
Congratulations!

I was able to beat my 50 book challenge and have read a total of 52 books so far. I would love to be ale to read 100 books but I don't think my daughter would enjoy being ignored that much. LOL
And there goes the good feeling of finishing most of the Pritchett disc world books in the last year. :p
Really? 
Why did you dislike Fahrenheit 451? Just curious. Its one of my top books to recommend to people who love reading because it's a tribute to literature in a way.
For starters, I just have to say that I'm very impressed! I've dropped off a lot in my reading and you've inspired me to persevere. I won't reach 100 books, but any amount is better than none!

Also, I'm really excited to see The Glass Castle on your favorites list. My grandmother, aunt, and I all read this book when it came out. I remember thinking how crazy that family was when I was reading it. It was pretty eye-opening for me and I think about rereading it on occasion.
My goal was to read 12. Then I found myself with 2 jobs and 3 volunteer positions throughout the year. Was only able to get 10 down.
Contortionist's Handbook is incredible. Clevenger is one of my favorites but he doesn't write enough. Do yourself a favor and read Dermaphoria.
What books do you recommend reading for beginners? I have not read a book in several years except for newspapers, magazines and online articles. I feel like my intellectual productivity is not where I need to be and would like to improve that. TIA
I just finished Lonesome Dove myself a few weeks ago. It's a blissful read for the most part. The dialogue is absolutely brilliant and there are a few lines dotted throughout the story that are the best I have ever heard. It's just too long for my short attention span, but I ain't blaming Larry for that.

Don't know how many books I've read this year but it definitely doesn't surpass or get anywhere near 100. We bow down at you, smart one. 
What were your thoughts on Lonesome Dove? Kinda a lengthy pick for your goal but I always hear amazing reviews
Like a lot others here I always get distracted a lot. I'll finish like 4 books by the end of the year lol. 
I hear you there, I'm getting really close to 90 books this year and most of it was because I started reading graphic novels and comic books. (Not that that's all I read but it certainly bumped up my numbers a bit.) And now, I found a whole new genre that I never knew I would like let alone love in some cases.
When people say "How do you find time to read?" I say just like I find time to breathe. Read.
I'm of the ignorant millennial belief that any good book worth reading will eventually will get turned into a movie. So. Yeah Netflix. 
when did reading books become a fucking competition? this fucking sub 
Man... I was about to call you a dirty liar, because I thought you read 1000 books instead of 100. My bad, homie.
I love Nabokov and would account him the greatest prose fiction writer ever (he's a bit *too* good a writer, in truth, because he knows how good he is), but *Lolita* is his weakest great novel IMO.

I vastly preferred his early novella on the same theme, *The Enchanter*. His masterpiece is *Pale Fire*. I'd even take supposedly middling efforts like *Despair, Bend Sinister*, and *The Defence* (and all his short stories) before *Lolita*. The latter is undoubtedly a great book, but it didn't deliver the same Nabokovian force as all his other stuff.

Such a shame that such a great writer is best-known for his least-great book IMO. I rarely mention Nabokov in conversation as I cringe whenever people say, as they ALWAYS do, 'Is he the one who wrote *Lolita*?'
Nice! I personally prefer keeping track of the total number of books I've read in my life. I hit 1000 at the beginning of this year! Currently at 1026 probably going to round out the year at 1030. Feelsgood.jpg
Excellent article, programa! Invested and has already received income in revolutions!) The money goes into your hands!
I don't want to sound preachy, but that list is dominated by male authors. I recommend deliberately seeking out more female authors (and other minorities too). I started doing that a while ago and it's a good way to broaden the variety of what you read. Two suggestions: "The First Fifteen Lives of Harry August" by Claire North, and "The Time Traveler's Wife" by Audrey Niffenegger.
[removed]
Reading just to tally and post on r/books? 
That's not an accurate title:

>Queens does have small specialty bookstores, like Spanish language and used shops – just one misconception about their endeavor Nikodem and Castillo want clarified (for the record, they are not opening their store where the Barnes and Noble used to be), but Queens lack a second place like this: a big, general purpose bookstore where you can wander for hours and fantasize about the type of person you’d be if you could manage to read everything on your list.

"There's only one *big* bookstore in Queens" would be more accurate.
So, to clarify, there *are* more than one bookstore in Queens, just no Barnes and Noble (or equivalent). 

And the whole article is a lead-up to a link to the Kickstarter for the people who want to open a new one.
There are 60+ library branches...
It was really sad when B&N closed the Queens stores. The only saving grace for Queens residents is the Queens Public Library.  It is a very good system. But, of course, it's not a store.  
I'm in queens and live close to one of the now closed stores which became a target. The reason it closed was that people were using it as a library and a kid drop off while mommy went shopping in the nearby stores

Not like people stopped reading
clickbait again.
I'm pretty sure that's one more than The Bronx.
Doesn't surprise me.  Not many law-abiding citizens there, either.
This is the same translation I read in college and I also found it to be very stirring. It is a beautiful segment of a much larger epic. Interestingly, the film Bagger Vance with Will Smith and Matt Damon is a retelling of The Gita. I am being completely serious. When you're done, go watch it and see.
The Gita is part of the Indian epic Mahabharata,  you should check that out when you're finished. The Mahabharata has a really intruiguing, complex story spanning multiple generations but is also quite philosophical. 
I bought a few holy/philosophical/culturally important books about 6-8 months ago, and I found the Gita one of the more engrossing reads out of the bunch. Well worth reading.
>The case is being appealed.

That right there should tell you this is a majorly unethical decision.
Super unethical but, if the book does well, it well probably work out for him financially, which will only encourage more people to do this same thing...
Did he actually do anything unethical / illegal?

Like revealing privileged information without the client's consent?

If so, disbar him and take away his book profits.

If there was consent on the parties involved, the only problem I see is tainting a potential jury pool for a retrial.

Then again, I'm not a lawyer and this just is my layman' view.
As a professional matter, meaning as a guild-mentality matter, there's no option here but to punish.   As a literary matter, it's a shame.   Many of the best stories, the most improbable events, really happened.   Certainly many of the most *interesting* stories.   So the stock "any connection to actual persons or events is coincidental" is a double loser.
self-published = No publisher would touch this. 

End of career.
I think if you like a book it doesn't really matter who's it's targeted to. They're good books! If anything, the "lame" thing would be to avoid reading something you enjoy because you're afraid of what your friends will think. The "lame" thing would be making your *friend* feel bad about reading a book (on their part). You do you!
Percy Jackson is one of those series from my middle school / early high school days that I reread every few years. Great series, I love them. Also, there's never anything wrong with re-experiencing something you once loved. No shame
Nothing is lame if you have a passion for it.

Be you.
You're 21, which is still pretty young, and you worrying about being too old to enjoy a young adult series is proof of that. Never feel guilty about reading something you enjoy. At 27 I cried while reading "The Book Thief". Just enjoy whatever you want to enjoy. 
I wouldn't worry. I'm in my 30s and I have several coworkers around my age who are obsessed with various "YA" series. Nobody thinks anything bad about it. There is absolutely nothing wrong with that as long as you are having fun and getting enjoyment out of reading these books. 
Every year or two, I re-read the "Wizard in Rhyme" series. I first read them (at least the first two) when I was 11. 

Who cares if it's lame? I like them. 

not at all! reading is one of the best joy in life! If Dr. Seuss makes you want to read, then by god read!!!!!
I'm quite a bit older than you and still reread the Harry Potter series once every couple of years. 

Never feel "bad" or embarrassed by reading. 
Dude no. Percy Jackson is an awesome series and I can still remember the scenes in the book vividly.
Im in my 30s and i reread books i loved as a teenager every so often. Read what you want to buddy. 
The opposite of lame. It's comfort food in letters, and no calories.
I'm in my 30s and get flak for rereading the Harry Potter series constantly. And, I don't really care what anyone thinks, because I love those books.

I say read what makes you happy, and don't worry about what genre-pigeon-hole society wants to put it in.
As a person who didn't read the first one until his thirties, not at all. Them books are dope.
I absolutely love these books and I'm 22 now I'm reading Magnus Chase. I got my bf to read them and he loves them he's 25 and still wants to reread them, go for it.
When I first read them I liked to think I was a demigod, I'm half Greek and I haven't seen my dad in years. Made sense right? 
hey I am 35 and I read HP books once in every two years or so. Also, I can start reading LOTR right now and have been reading almost every year since I was 15.
It's interesting how often you see threads like this. I suppose that's because we attach a part of our identity to what we read. 

I've always felt that when it comes to reading there's only one rule, to read everything. If you want to read YA, go for it, if you want to read Philosophy, do that too, neither are better or worse.

Read it and have fun. 

American Gods by Neil Gaiman has a similar conceit as well. That's one of my favorites. 
Well, I just reread, and thouroughly enjoyed, the Deltora books. 

I am *way* above that reading level, but still loved it beyond feeling.

Sometimes it is Nostalgia, sometimes just really enjoying a trope.

In short, read what you like; if its Tolkien or Griffiths, doesn't matter!
it is lame. 

if i was your friend i would judge you.
My best friend who is 38 is super into all of the Rick Riordan books. We didn't know these books as middle schoolers, only as adults. 

If it makes you feel any better, I'm currently listening to the Lemony Snicket audio books. I'm 38. 

If you like it, read it. I guarantee it's no more/less lame than any other book. 
I'm 27. How lame is it that I'm reading them for the first time? Sometimes you want something light and distracting instead of making everything a Pynchon or Dickens.
>. How lame is it of me to reread the Percy Jackson books and to become obsessed with them again at the age of 21?

Half as lame as reading them at 42?  I fail to see how something can be lame if you enjoy it. Unless you are using some strange variance of the word lame and only has meaning to you.

Read for yourself, no one else. 
I'm 32 and have thought about picking up the collection several times.
I'm about to read the Hardy Boys series (bought the entire original collection off ebay).  So, no, I hope not!  And I'm 31!
It's not lame at all! I re-read 'The Outsiders' every couple years and I first read that one in Jr. High. It's nostalgia. 
Not lame at all! Reread Percy Jackson to your heart's content. Don't worry about what others will think. 
38 and relistening the Harry Potter audiobooks right now. I only discovered Percy Jackson in my 30's. 

Never too old for things you enjoy. 
I was in my 50s when I read Harry Potter.  If something is good, what difference does it make how old you are.
It's never lame to read anything, ever.
Not at all, my friend. I think no matter what age you are, you should be allowed to indulge in whatever books you'd like... As long as you're reading, because way too many people nowadays simply don't care for books even though they're pretty essential to growing and learning as a person. Plus, PJO is kind of one of the best series I've ever read (after LOTR and GOT), so no judgment here. 
Dude Percy Jackson is pretty funny. I'm also 22 i think i've reread that series a couple of times. 

So long as you're enjoying a book it doesn't matter what you're reading whether it's just damn red riding hood, the famous ASOIF, classics like Lolita or War and Peace by Leo Tolstoy, some random free indie book or even an old encyclopedia. I don't think it matters

After all book enjoyment is a subjective thing. Completely dependent on a persons personal taste than if it's "targeted for a specific age" or  "it's a classic" or "one of the greatest books of all time"
Nothing wrong with liking certain books. 
Not lame at all!
Somewhat. 
It is hella lame and the fact that you're asking demonstrates that you know this. I know it's hard to put childish things away and become an adult, but you have to do it sometime. There are countless books you'll enjoy just as much and even more because they're aimed more at someone with more life experience and all that. Dwelling on your middle school days like this is, imo, like refusing to move on after a breakup.
Pretty lame...
I'm like this. I was concerned seeing my Goodreads ratings are generally 4s and 5s and thinking I'm too lenient on books. Which I probably am. But I also intentionally set out to read books I know I'll enjoy. I read reviews and synopses, and I usually don't bother with a book if I'm not getting hooked on it right away. I think when I read for pleasure, I am less critical and focus more on was the plot good, or was that a nice experience. If I think more critically about things, I end up rating the book lower most times because I realize, "Oh hey, there were some questions left unresolved" or "I really wish this character was better developed". 
Don't think it's necessarily bad. You could just be finding things to appreciate in every book, which just reflects a positive outlook.
It's not wrong at all. I suppose it could be a sign that you aren't reading very widely, but that doesn't seem to be the case for you. I think the key is going back to books when you're ready for them. 
No. My thing though is that i usually only read books I want to read.

Reading is fun!
i hate most things i read

shock horror i know
I don't think it's a flaw at all; I like nearly everything I read in one way or another. I do think it's a good practice to notice the different ways books make you feel. For instance, I may like a book for a variety of reasons: it was a feel-good book, the setting intrigued me, I identified with a character, it made me think, etc. Appreciating a book is not synonymous with enjoying it, and they definitely don't always go hand in hand for me.
No, I think it's a beautiful thing. Read on, my friend. 
I enjoy(almost) everything I read as well and read across a variety of genres with the occasional classic thrown in,  if anything you should be happy about that.
>Do you think enjoying everything you read is a sign of a weak reader, or a flaw as a reader?

you lucky duck!!

give it another 10 years, you will mature as a reader and then finding enjoyable books will become a problem. 
Of the near 50 books I've read this year there's only been two I didn't like. Just for the love of hating I'll name them both: Haunted by Palahnuk which was awful and The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier and Clay which just wasn't good.
There was a period of time in my early 20s where I didn't read anything, but going back and creating a library made me realize how much I'd been missing out on, and more importantly, that I understood a lot of texts/novels much better than when I'd first read them as a teen.

This is also why I limit myself to certain genres and series. Among other demands placed on my time, I tend to gravitate towards works where I know (just from a cursory glance of the cover/summary) that it will be worth picking up and seeing through to the end.

That said, I'm also a harsh critic. [My GoodReads page can attest to that.](https://www.goodreads.com/user/show/26385121-alex-gregory)
Right and wrong is not a useful way of thinking about it. But if you like everything you read you might be missing out on things. Nearly all books have positive things about them. And nearly all books have negative things about them. If you're not seeing the negative things you might not be reading as critically as you could be. 

Of course this response is assuming that a part of reading is to challenge yourself and learn and be critical. If your goal is only enjoyment than you have no reason to change your approach. 
I don't think there is anything wrong with that, but for me reading is a leisure activity. That's not to mean I don't take it serious but rather I choose to spend a good amount of the precious amount of free time I have reading. Therefore, I'm going to read books that I believe I will like. That means most of my time is spent reading mystery/thrillers, historical fiction, some scifi/fantasy, and history nonfiction (including biographies of historial figures). 

Therefore, most of what I read I tend to like. I don't think that makes me a flawed or bad reader, but rather just a reader who approaches this hobby with a different goal/mindset of what I hope to gain out of reading compared to others. My first goal is entertainment. That's not to say that I don't read books that engage or teach me (many do), but at the end of the day, I want to have fun and enjoy my time reading. 
While I wouldn't say I enjoy nearly everything I read, the majority of my Goodreads ratings are also 3-5 stars, primarily because if I'm not enjoying a book, I'll stop reading it and remove it from my Goodreads page. (I don't give partial credit/mark books as read if I didn't finish, personally, so I wouldn't give a DNF one star or anything.) The exception has been books for my book club, which I always try to finish, or something I was enjoying up until the very end and then the author made a decision that I didn't like. :)
Interestingly, I view myself as almost a complete opposite as a reading type. I very rarely find a book that i find wholeheartedly enjoyable. At the moment I am reading "Pleasure" by Gabriele D'Annunzio. I do think that the book is very well written and translated and does capture a certain lifestyle of a particular social class in a world that does no longer exist. But I find that lifestyle very shallow thus making the book melodramatic, at times even disturbing. I even thought that I leave it unfinished and move on but I guess i have a some sort of odd sense of duty to finish the books i have started.
>Do you think enjoying everything you read is a sign of a weak reader, or a flaw as a reader? 

I hope not. Because this is me. I even have an English literature degree. 

It's been a long time ( a couple of years, but that's almost 200 books since then) since I truly disliked something I read. Plenty of books I might have been ambivalent about but I was glad I read them nonetheless. 

I don't know if I have just gotten good at selecting books for myself or if I'm just more easy going than others. 
This makes me think of the tag-line for the podcast **The Sporkful**: *It's not for foodies, its for eaters*. The analogy being that a "foodie" is going to be particular and have this intricately curated taste - "Oh, I'm such a foodie - I only like authentic tacos, you people who put sour cream on a taco are so weird". An eater eats what tastes good. That might be only the most authentic tacos, or it might be any good tasting taco.

There's no requirement that to be a good reader you need to pigeonhole yourself into a specific type of book.


I am similar; I don't necessarily *love* everything I read but I'm not as frequently filled with the kind of rage and hatred others seem to experience. I think only a handful of books have made me think, "WTF did I just read?" I can only think of 3 off the top of my head.

With respect to Goodreads, I sometimes wonder if the social/voting aspect inspires people to be overly critical for attention. It seems to me that it is sometimes more about writing the review and getting likes than it is about just reading the book. Just my two cents.
I wish I had your problem! I read 26 books this year and thus far truly LOVED about 6 of them....the rest were average or I had to put down. 
I honestly just noticed this in myself a couple months ago. I just finished the second Expanse book and thought to myself that every book I have ever finished I have really really liked.

There are a couple exceptions and it's not like I don't like the books its just I find the writing mediocre but still love the story etc. 

I find it a bit startling really. 
Personally, I don't think so. I'm a pretty non-critical person (in terms of complaints, not analysis), and I tend to enjoy most movies, books, and TV shows I watch. It's just the way I am — I like to look for the good in everything, and to appreciate the work based on the context and the creator's goals (i.e., I'm not gonna judge The Avengers on the same criteria as 12 Angry Men, because they have wildly different goals). 

I think it can be a flaw with reading, occasionally, just because I read for pleasure, so I might miss some stuff. But the past few years I've been trying to read more slowly and take my time with the words and the story, and that has helped in terms of digging deeper into stuff. But I still enjoy pretty much everything I read. Life is too short!
Its like music. Sure I have preferences and tastes. But if it was competently composed then I will enjoy it. 
Nothing wrong with this in the slightest. If you're enjoying yourself why should that be wrong? Some people are critical of everything, and some people aren't very critical. Neither is wrong although critical people tend to want everyone else to see things as they do, don't let them bring you down.
I tend to enjoy most things I read to the end, but I'm also a very critical person so sometimes I'm reading to the end of the book to enjoy being critical if that makes sense. Also makes me sound a bit like a jerk, I suppose, but I know that I can't make arguments against a book if I've never read it. 

Most of the time I'm reading for enjoyment, so if I don't like the book, why continue reading it? Most books I can find some redeeming factor in, even if it's learning something about my reading habits. 
Without examples, it's hard to say if this is problematic or not. If you read a lot of classics and you like all of them, good for you. If you read a lot of James Patterson and you like all of them, it's a problem because most of his books are crap.

I've read 133 books so far this year and I've only rated 14 books 4/5 stars. The vast majority are either 3 or 3.5 - average. 

Also, "enjoyment" isn't the same as the same as the book being good. I've enjoyed many books that I can recognize are objectively crappy. I'm reading a book like that right now. It's exciting and technical but extremely shallow. So I'm probably going to end up giving it a 3.5 unless there's something stunning or clever about the ending that bumps it up to a 3.75. I don't think there's any way it'll get a 4.

ETA: It's called Lockout by John J. Nance and I'd totally recommend it. I'd recommend all of his books. They're fun. 
The Discworld series by Terry Pratchett.

http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/1654.Terry_Pratchett

The fantasy world he creates is made to shine a light on the real world, but as if you were looking at it through a funhouse mirror. They're funny, and witty, and have twists you don't see, and on second readings you can see the hints to the twists that you didn't see the first time. Then when you read another book you find call backs to his earlier works; new readers that start in the middle get the most of that I guess. 

I reread those books a lot. My favourite characters are in the Watch, but the other books have great stories too. Confession: my first encounter with the Discworld was the Playstation game, so when I found the books I thought they were going to be about the game (I was a kid). 
Foundation series by Asimov. Started it 30 years ago and am now reading again. Very nice experience. Hope I stay alive long enough to forget it and read it a third time. 
The Kingkiller Chronicle. 
One of the them is **The Wizard of OZ** series. 

They're so imaginative, fantastical - at the same time they're snarky, funny, dark, weird and bizarre. I think they've contributed a lot to fantasy writing in general and they do not get the modern attention they deserve. The character, lands are all wonderfully thought of and it's always a joy to read. 
The Mistborn series just hit me on so many levels when I finished the last book. I had read fantasy before but wasnt huge into it. Then I read the Mistborn series and was in awe.
The Dark Tower series. I've literally just pulled the Gunslinger off my shelf ready for tomorrow to start my 4th or 5th re-read of it. Not sure what it is about the series. I still remember lying out in the garden on a warm day reading the final couple chapters of book 7th book like it was yesterday. And my memory is fucking awful.
Obligatory answer of *Harry Potter*

But for the sake of variety, I'll also list *The Cat Who...* series by Lillian Jackson Braun. I've read all of them and though it's silly and cheesy (cats who help solve crimes, c'mon!) I just really enjoyed the series. 
The Wheel of Time - Robert Jordan
For me, it is definitely *The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy* by Douglas Adams. Never has a book series made me laugh, wonder,and think at the same time, especially with such comedic intensity. All 5 books just take you into a psychedelic nightmare in which you cannot put down. I recommend it to anybody who has time and the ability to read.  
A Song Of Ice And Fire. 
Harry Potter. 

I reread the entire series every year since they first came out. I'm 29. It is just as magical and moving every time through. 
Pullman's His Dark Materials.

It contains everything. Bloody incredible.
The Old Kingdom by Garth Nix, and equally pleasing to read was always His Dark Materials by Philip Pullman. Both are considered young adult series, but they both deal with mature content as well. 
The Lioness Quartet by Tamora Pierce! I've been reading it compulsively since I was 12 and I just can't get enough 
Malazan without doubt. It would be series I would choose to read the rest of my life if I had to pick one. It got it all; Endless mysteries, laughs (out loud), tears (in public), profound eye-openers regarding history, religion, philosophy and compassion. 
The Riftwar Saga, by Raymond E Feist.
High fantasy, i.e. magic, dwarves, elves and aliens. Excellent world-building, character development - what's not to love.


The Otherland series by Tad Williams
The *Prey* series by John Sandford.  Even after 26 books, these police procedurals are still entertaining me and keeping me up until the wee small hours. 
Hyperion Cantos.
The Sandman by Neil Gaiman - It is the story of an anthropomorphic personification of dreams. It's also a story about people whose dreams he lords over and who are also the dreamers he serves. I find it rather hard to put into words the scope of this story because it has so many things that the writer managed to wrap neatly at the end.

Oh gosh. I never thought I'd see anyone write about Stephanie Plum here. I used to read the series and while my interest has waned, she and the other characters will always have a special place in my heart.
I have several "favorite" series, but based on your criterion of "going back to time and again", I will note three:

The *Lonesome Dove* series by Larry McMurtry

*The Lord of the Rings* series by J. R. R. Tolkein

The Aubrey-Maturin series by Patrick O'Brian
The Rabbit Angstrom novels by Updike
Year of the Rat by Murakami
This will be an unconventional answer, especially since it's not a series in the typical sense. My favourite series is the Rougon-Marquet cycle of novels by Emile Zola. I just love what he did with them in capturing French society and culture during the second empire of France (For the most part the books take place between 1848-1871).
The Amelia Peabody mysteries by Elizabeth Peters. I re-read them every few years, once most of my memory of who the killers were has faded. But really, I just read them for the characters, especially Peabody, because they're wonderful.
The Black Jewel Trilogy by Anne Bishop. The first time you read it, you are thrown in the deep end of the pool. Only at the end of book three I had a basic understanding of the world. It's really during reread three that you notice all the small hints to the story, because the second time you're still gaining a better understanding of the world.
I really like series with amazing, elaborate world building and this series is a perfect example, along with a great story.
Harry Potter. I read it about every year and a half. 

I started reading them when I was 8 and I'm 23 now. I mostly read it for nostaligia, but I truly love the world she built. There are some flaws with her world, but to me they are so minor compared to everything else. I love that the main theme of the books is death. The books are for children and death is often seen as a more "adult" topic when in reality it isn't. She handles it tastefully and in such a way that it isn't shoved in your face. 

The characters are great. No one is a mary sue/gary stu. Each one has their own flaws and strengths. 

Lastly, some of Dumbledore's quotes have really stuck with me.

John Dies at the End trilogy ( third not out yet ). Not my favorite but worth a mention. 
Have to be Dark Tower seeing as how I've re-read it the most. 
Okay, you made me brave with your admission of love for the Stephanie Plum series.  I confess I love The Mortal Instruments trilogy by Cassandra Clare
I wish Stormlight Archive was complete as that will likely be my favorite. Most of my favorites have been mentioned, but I'll go with the Gentleman Bastards. Always a fan of the rogue/assassin based books.
Yeah I'm going to go ahead and say Harry Potter. I'm not unique and that's okay. Harry will always have a very special place in my heart, and I'll never get tired of re-reading it.
Honorable mention to His Dark Materials. Wrote my senior paper for my undergrad on it. 
Someone already posted my top favorite book series (Discworld by Terry Pratchett) but the second on my list is His Majesty's Dragon by Namoi Novik. 

It's an alternate universe where the Napoleonic wars are being fought...but the militaries all have aerial dragon corps. The dragons are intelligent creatures and the series takes you all over the place with learning about different cultures and how they incorporate (or don't) dragons into their lives.
I love Rick Riordan's Percy Jackson and the Olympians series, as well as the follow-up Heroes of Olympus series.  Riordan has created a sort of literary universe based on different mythologies, and it's amazing.  I highly recommend his work.
I'm really loving the Witcher series by Andrzej Sapkowski. It might not be as big of a fantasy masterpiece as, say, The Lord of the Rings, but it is very entertaining, and it is easy to get into IMO.
The Engelsfors Trilogy by Mats Strandberg and Sara Elfgren. It's a YA Fantasy series, almost a cross between Harry Potter and Buffy, but it blew me away. The thought, the heart, the nuanced characters that you connect deeply with.

I really really really really like Katharine Kerr's Deverry series.
My personal favorite series is the Bloody Jack series by L.A. Meyer.  Is it the most literary? Is it crazy historically accurate? No on all counts, but the rollicking, adventure filled tales of Jackie's life both on and off the high seas have entranced me since I was in 8th grade. The fact that Jackie was everything I wanted to be basically helped reel me in. Who doesn't love a heroine full of spunk and wit!  Some people go back and re-read the Harry Potter books annually, I re-read Bloody Jack. 

From what I can understand, they're kind of a young adult version of the Aubrey-Maturin series (which I've started reading and am loving thus far).
Not complete yet, but Kingkiller by Rothfuss.
That I could go back to and read any time?

Hmm, of course, I think *Harry Potter* would have to be up there. But also, Julian May's *Galactic Milieu* trilogy & *Saga of the Exiles* series... have read those so many times! And Ginn Hale's *The Rifter* series.
The Firethorn Trilogy by Sarah Micklem. Although the third one isn't out yet, so I can't say for sure. 
Harry Potter is the only book series that I have re-read....and I have re-read it over ten times :D
Those one books from elementary school that you chose your own destiny and pretty much always ended up dying, those were the best. 
Tales of the Otori
The Grey Man novels, incredible action, well written, excellent stories. Mark Greaney does a fantastic job with this ongoing series and I highly recommend them to anyone who enjoys assassin thrillers. 
Broken Empire, it was just so much fun reading the point of view of the bad guy/villain. Jorge is just so ruthless and it's nice to have something different than a hero, 
Easily Mistborn trilogy (the original trilogy alone)

I don't think i've ever read anything that just blew my mind away with the well-done red herrings, the chekovs gun and the damn ending. 

That fucking ending nothing has me feel happier, sadder and completely satisfied in how a book ended than mistborn trilogy.
Brad Thor's Scot Harvath series are an awesome set of books!
Well, among detective books,  Dalziel and Pascoe series by Reginald Hill and also the short series  featuring Joe Sixsmith by the same author.
Mine are probably more personal than popular but

The Dark is Rising Series by Susan Cooper - I wish more people would read this - long before harry potter became such a sensation there were great YA fantasy writers getting little attention like her, lloyd alexander, 

The Belgariad / Mallorean by David Eddings - 10 books between them - I started reading in 6th grade i finished the last (and cried) my freshman year of college and i could pick any of em up today and still immediately remember them
Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. 
I just started the series early this year, and I'm already scouring Amazon for a copy to reread 😍
I could say *The Dark Tower* series, especially since there are so many little tie-ins with a lot of his other works.
Also, a pretty good smattering of book series that are actually geared towards younger readers: *Wrinkle In Time*, *The Lion, The Witch, & The Wardrobe*, *Harry Potter* (JK Rowling is just SO good with the cadence in her writing), *The Dark is Rising*, *Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy*, *Artemis Fowl*, *Discworld*, etc.

But my favorite would have to be the John Corey series from Nelson DeMille - I just LOVE how much of a smart arse he is throughout.   
What a terific story, never heard of that man or his books, you know. Now I will go to the library and demand that this book be requisitioned for immediate reading and other general purposes that relate to  books. Thank you for this story. 
The "Cool Girl" quote is incredibly incisive.  That's why it got shared so much.  Even though it is from the point of view of a sociopath, it resonated with a lot of people.

I think some people get hung up on the video games and beer, but the real core of the quote is this:
>Cool Girls never get angry; they only smile in a chagrined, loving manner and let their men do whatever they want. Go ahead, shit on me, I don't mind, I'm the Cool Girl.

I don't think many women actually try to be the Cool Girl (though I've seen it a few times).  But I think a lot of guys have a fantasy of a girl who likes everything they like and never, ever gets annoyed.  

Before anyone responds "Hey, what's wrong with having a fantasy of a girl who likes everything they like and never, ever gets annoyed?"...  The problem is that it is unrealistic to think that someone close to you will like everything you like and never get annoyed at you.  Sooner or later, everyone does something thoughtless or selfish.  You should expect to get called out on those things.  And while it is fine to dream of dating someone who likes the Red Soxs and video games as much as you do, that is a very limited dating pool.  It is an even more limited pool when your hobbies are less popular, like D&D or MME, never mind the real obscure stuff.  And women don't have the same expectation that a guy will share all of their hobbies.  I've never met a girl who expected every guy she dated to take up knitting, but I've met guys who thought they should be able to convert their girlfriend to all their obsessive hobbies.

It is a dark quote, but it touches on something that hasn't been expressed a lot.

I really loved the book. Now people call it "overhyped" because that's what people tend to do when something becomes popular—but I think it was hyped for good reason. 

It wasn't the first book to feature a dangerous, dark woman but it *was* the first to do it so openly and unabashedly in modern times—and I love that. Have you read Gillian Flynn's quote for why she writes such dark female characters? It's more of a mini-essay but it's wonderful and I heartily agree with her. Most of us women aren't as dark as her characters, of course, but we're also not the sympathetic "flawed roses" that many authors make us out to be. I loved that the story explored the rage of women (expressed through one woman and her thoughts). I said this recently in another thread, but I think many women can relate a lot to Amy: the fury and despair over feeling like they always have to be perfect, that if they don't kow-tow to a guy they're suddenly a "shrew," or "harpy," or "bitch," and the ugly realization that society (and men) often see them as objects to be "traded for a younger, prettier model."

Yes, Amy was a sociopath and no, most women are not sociopaths—but Amy's thoughts on gender, and male vs female dynamics had a lot of truth and merit to them. I believe the Cool Girl stereotype is true; women are often pressured to act dumb, like sports, drink beer, and other such guy-ish things so they can seem like "they can hang," and "they're one of the dudes, a really *cool* chick"—oh, but they also have to be hot. But I don't really see as much pressure on men to be hot *as well as* watching romantic-comedies, going to spas with women, and enjoying shopping. I'm not saying there's no pressure on men at all, but way less of it. After all, a girl who drinks beer to please her man is a "cool chick" but a guy who watches Fashion Week shows to please his girl would be called "whipped" or "a pussy, come on dude! You're watching fashion shows just so she can like you?! Where are your balls, man?" 

I think you guys get my point. 

Both Amy and Nick were awful people. I think the difference is, Amy's nastiness bloomed in much darker, dangerous ways because girls aren't allowed to express rage as openly. She fel stifled, unwanted, and made to feel like a toy doll her whole life and this messed her up. But as long as her husband pretended to be perfect along with her, she'd act normal. When Nick decided to ruin the perfect persona by being, well, lazy and a cheater and a flawed human—well, I think Amy's rage was justifiable. It's not fair, is it, that she was expected to pretend to be perfect her whole life...but her husband could get away with ruining his act? 

The murder, obviously, is not justifiable. Nor are the actual crimes she committee. It's just her anger I get. 

Nick was terrible. I feel like he pales in comparison to Amy's violence but when you *look* at him, he was a terrible guy: a cheater, unwilling to communicate with his wife, petulant, a penchant to blame everyone else for his issues, misogynistic in his thoughts... He was a piece of shit. 

And ultimately, I don't think Gillian Flynn set out with the goal of creating a feminist novel. But I think in writing a female character that so few authors dare to, and really tapping into her world, and making certain observations about gender and sex and violence...she kind of inadvertently created a feminist book. I see nothing wrong with that. 

And I loved the ending. It was so frustrating but I love that the author *went there.* Cause in real life, sometimes our endings are unhappy and ugly. 

Sorry for the essay, I just have a lot of thoughts about Gone Girl lol. 
I wanted to throw this book and the movie at the fucking wall when I was finished with it lol 

But over all, I think the book was really well written. Amy is crazy, and Nick is just an idiot imo. But out of the both of them, I feel no sympathy for either. They were both wrong. I ate up their toxicity throughout the book because I was really feeling Amy's character towards the second part, rather than the first where she seemed to act more like a pansy. I'm not a fan of the "cool girl" "stereotype" (if that's what you can call it?) that Amy describes but at the same time, I actually see girls like that who try really hard to be that. And some who are that. 

I am not "cool girl" and probably will never be "cool girl". Though, as much as I enjoy pleasing my man and finding out we like the same things... I'm me. I'll always be me and that's how I am. "Cool girl" only exists if the girl herself is changing to be her. 
I absolutely hate the way the "'Cool Girl" quote has been taken out of context. 

To me, it was just Amy spouting off something to justify her manipulative actions. In her mind, society was manipulating her to be something she was not, so she had every right to do the same to them. And that went for everyone. Not just men. Because we saw in the book, everyone was an equal opportunity target. She used men AND women for what she wanted and ran them under a bus when she was done with them. She used boys and girls back in grade school even before she was of age to be forced into the "cool girl" role. That's the thing. She had been doing this her entire life. She was a bad seed. 

Amy is a master manipulator. Even convincing the reader that she IS the victim in all of this and because she is the victim, because she was forced into this "cool girl" role according to her, she should be able to do whatever she wants. Even if it is murder. 
Not really here to debate the book itself, but just to talk about life. 

I am a "cool girl" for a living and it's one of the more mentally and emotionally exhausting things a person can do to themselves. It takes a lot of mental maintenance to keep up. Part of my job definitely involves "the real me," but it's kind of like the "real me" who has been invited to a high-brow holiday party or who is in round three of a job interview. You're always "on," never "off" or relaxed. And because your partner has this fantasy version of you, once the "real" you creeps out (the flawed being that all of us are), you're in the danger zone for revealing yourself as a real human and being replaced by someone more compliant to fill the fantasy.

This happens all the time in real relationships when people "settle in" and the infatuation period rubs off... right? Dating someone new always brings out your best side, at least for awhile. Then reality sets in and the relationship becomes dependent on negotiating differences and riding the waves as they come.

Let me know if I need to expand my thoughts or take them in a different direction to clarify. Thanks!
Gone girl is one of my favourite books because it's the only one in which I actually hate both main characters by the end 
I liked this book as it was very well-written. I was engrossed with how Amy talks and mind you and I watched the movie right after I read it. I loved how dysfunctional they are even decided to stay with each other on the end. Lol
The story for what it was did an amazing job at creating a female villain that made the reader uncomfortable because you felt like you wanted to support her, but knew she was a complete psycho. Having the whole thing told from her point of view, where she can only see everything she does as justified and right forced you to feel that way. It also probably contributes to why almost every male character, and most of the female characters besides her, come off as either stupid, selfish, dishonest, and a bunch of other negative character flaws, she has such disdain for them that she can't help but portray them as bad people. It just further forces the audience to side with her.

>There's also the whole "cool girl" sterotype: does it even exist or is it the imagination of a ignorant male?

I feel like it should be ignorant female instead of male. The whole speech sounded like it was said by someone who's only experience with men was through the pages of cosmo. It's a big strawman argument setup so she can say "I'm single/I'm unhappy/I'm forced to act like the cool girl because men are only attracted to the cool girl", when most guys out there that are nothing like that. It's like the genderswapped version of "I'm single/I'm unhappy/I'm forced to be an asshole because women are only attracted to assholes".
Have you read [the essay](http://gillian-flynn.com/for-readers/) from GF's website about her female characters? It's actually really interesting.
Although her description of the "cool girl" is probably pretty accurate, I don't think it's very common to find people who have an entire relationship "being" someone they are not.  I know lots of couples that started out as one person changing a little to fit into the other persons mold...  it's not something I could ever do, but those relationships are still going strong after many, many years....

We have to remember when reading this passage that the character Amy - had no personality of her own - she just emulated personalities that she wanted.
I have a bunch of guy friends.  I'm a guy.  I always went after the sweet girl, never the cool girl.  My one friend who dated the mean girl, 'the bitch', is still happily married and they have two wonderful children together.  Some of my other friends pursued the concept of the cool girl.

Those that seek the cool girl may find that person.  One in a thousand people might fit that description.  But if you are seeking those qualities, what qualities are being ignored?

Is the cool girl nice to strangers?

Does she like cats and puppies?

Or is she a complete psychopath?

I've found the latter to be more prevalent.  
I liked the book. I don't think the narrative you've referenced above is a central plot line but I see its relevancy. It definitely had some feminist themes; I guess that could be a good or bad thing depending on the reader. 
i loved the book, but hated the other two gillian wrote.

i think the premise is nice. we so rarely see a woman in media who is evil on her own right without a man behind her scorn (she was a whacko long before her marriagee, and her hubby cheating was just a reason to canalize that whackiness). plus it was cleverly written.

i also enjoyed the ending as it's a mirror of life: lots of times, couples stay together coz they are scared to remain alone. you cross this type everyday at work, among your friends and neighbors, and can't help but roll your eyes at them. as if being a couple brings in a social status they can't achieve on their own.

as for the ~cool girl. i enjoyed it immensely, if only for all the outrage from women who were ready to defend so hard their genuine-ss in the matter....only to reinforce the premise behind it. lol! it was spot on and funny to see.

the movie was done really well and i did not expect less from fincher who excelled at girl with the dragon tattoo. i think he should do invisible monsters from plahniuk next because it would be so over-the-top and on-point.
The 'cool girl' observation is essentially a sequel - or an update - to the Stepford Wives image/fantasy.

I think it's incredibly pertinent in a world where it seems like large chunks of men never grow up and instead in their adult lives, behave just like spoilt little boys with sex and 'a girlfriend' as the new toy that they want to play with. There's a disturbing tendency, and I'm not sure where it comes from, of people - and I would say especially men, because that's who I see it in most - desiring the concept of 'a girlfriend', a woman who will be there to be seen and to have sex with them, rather than desiring to befriend a woman, fall in love, and become partners. It's very detatched and almost robotic.

What I would say is this isn't limited to straight men. Gay men do this too, fantasize about this and expect this. I think it must be an image or fantasy that comes across in media to take hold at a young age. I can't help but wonder if it's related to the fact that 'love' is marketed as a thing for women to be concerned with - or to be more concerned with than men. This is especially the case for media aimed at children and teenagers too.
I think the cool girl stereotype is true, and I'd never thought of it before, but it explained why I'd get bored with relationships once the girl changed and got boring/naggy/demanding. If I hadn't already gotten over that attitude and entered a LTR, that passage might well have been the catalyst for changing it.  

As for the book, I enjoyed it - exciting and  entertaining for what it was, though it loses some points for the dumb ending. I'd say he was a shitty guy and she was a much shittier woman, not a fan of "they deserve each other".
[deleted]
Although I didn't like the book that much, the quote is actually genius. Amy claims here that the only way to handle confrontation is to either get emotional or to be absolutely passive. Both are not really a mentally healthy way to deal with things, which, surprise, totally fits her profile. 
So maybe the fact that she is a sociopath really cannot be dismissed when it comes to this quote. 
Why do people lie? It isn't only because they struggle against each other! It's also because there is something that they're seeking. 
It's a decent book with a good amount of suspense but nothing to really write home about.
>feminist empowerment or MRA nightmare scenario?

I have seen this thrown around and understand why, but I thought that beyond the genders there are two really bad persons being really bad. One turns out to be a more spectacular bad person. I think there is a bit of resentment in this discussion though, Amy is an spectacular character that in her evilness does something really spectacular, while Nick get shafted in his bad behaviours and attitudes by Amy.

Both get, however, away with everything. Thus, this particular part of the whole discussion on the (excellent) book, seems a bit poitnless to me. Maybe I'm wrong and the author wants this to happen, but this seems to be such a big part of the discussion that seems to overshadow how this doesn't really seem female empowerment or MRA nightmare but two arguable psychos acting like it.

EDIT: Fun fact, while I was watching the movie, my girlfriend asked me how was it. All I could tell her was that I hated everyone in it except Margot. Go figure!
[deleted]
[deleted]
> the “Ode on a Grecian Urn” is worth any number of old ladies

Love it
I live in Oxford, Mississippi where his home is located in a beautiful shady lot at the end of a nice neighborhood. Luckily, University students are able to tour it free of charge so I've been able to visit quite a few times he has a "writing room" which he had outlined a book on the walls it is pretty damn interesting. 
"All of us failed to match our dream of perfection. So I rate us on the basis of our splendid failure to do the impossible. In my opinion, if I could write all my work again, I am convinced that I would do it better, which is the healthiest condition for an artist. That’s why he keeps on working, trying again; he believes each time that this time he will do it, bring it off. Of course he won’t, which is why this condition is healthy. Once he did it, once he matched the work to the image, the dream, nothing would remain but to cut his throat, jump off the other side of that pinnacle of perfection into suicide. I’m a failed poet. Maybe every novelist wants to write poetry first, finds he can’t, and then tries the short story, which is the most demanding form after poetry. And, failing at that, only then does he take up novel writing." 

hell yes.
I can't tell if this is humility or hubris.

Humility:  We aren't important as individuals.

Hubris:  The things we wrote are *so culturally significant* and *so necessary to humanity* that they would have eventually been produced by someone else.
While he gives an example of Shakespeare's works in an attempt to justify that comment, I have to disagree. 

There may have been several Faulkners struggling to write and be successful, but only one was able to get through and be heard. And when it is heard, we hear that individual's voice.
>"It ran in his knowledge before he ever saw it. It looked and towered in his dreams before he even saw the unaxed woods where it left its crooked print, shaggy, huge, red-eyed, not malevolent but just big—too big for the dogs which tried to bay it, for the horses which tried to ride it down, for the men and the bullets they fired into it, too big for the very country which was its constricting scope. He seemed to see it entire with a child’s complete divination before he ever laid eyes on either—the doomed wilderness whose edges were being constantly and punily gnawed at by men with axes and plows who feared it because it was wilderness, men myriad and nameless even to one another in the land where the old bear had earned a name, through which ran not even a mortal animal but an anachronism, indomitable and invincible, out of an old dead time, a phantom, epitome and apotheosis of the old wild life at which the puny humans swarmed and hacked in a fury of abhorrence and fear, like pygmies about the ankles of a drowsing elephant: the old bear solitary, indomitable and alone, widowered, childless, and absolved of mortality—old Priam reft of his old wife and having outlived all his sons."

From the novelette *The Bear* 
Ah excellent. I'm doing a report on one of his works, so this will be helpful
Jack White said the same thing.

If it weren't for the death of Amy Winehouse, Lana Del Rey would never be famous.

If it weren't for the breakup of The White Stripes, the Black Keys would never get popular.
Great article. The line below stood out. It is amazing how gender perceptions have changed. Faulkner was a wise man talking; yet we see society's tint of his truth, even if it is in jest. 

"Success is feminine and like a woman; if you cringe before her, she will override you. So the way to treat her is to show her the back of your hand. Then maybe she will do the crawling."
> I would say that music is the easiest means in which to express, since it came first in man’s experience and history. But since words are my talent, I must try to express clumsily in words what the pure music would have done better. That is, music would express better and simpler, but I prefer to use words, as I prefer to read rather than listen. I prefer silence to sound, and the image produced by words occurs in silence. That is, the thunder and the music of the prose take place in silence.  

This part got to me.

EDIT:  

> My favorite characters are Sarah Gamp—a cruel, ruthless woman, a drunkard, opportunist, unreliable, most of her character was bad, but at least it was character

And this one.
I was born and lived in the South until my twenties. I've always loved reading, but honestly, never liked Faulkner, and never even made it through one of his books.
I disagree. Other works would be considered the greats of that time, but that doesn't mean the same content or ideas would have been hit on.
I really don't believe this is true. If Kendrick Lamar didn't exist, I really can't imagine somebody else coming along and replicating him. I have a ton of respect for Faulkner though. 
[removed]
Faulkner could be Jimmy Doohan's ugly sister.
That's a man who sees patters. 
Don't you mean ROBERT De Niro? 
Monkeys with typewriters, man.
I don't know if anyone could have invented Hemingway. That guy was the man! Crazy as all get out but what a powerful interpreter of human emotion. 
btw, Some of Dostoevsky's living relatives live in total poverty.
This may be unpopular here, but Faulkner is one of the few authors whose writing I truly cannot stand (or at least what I've been subjected to).
He looks JUST like Robert De Niro...
> INTERVIEWER

> Would you like to make another movie?

> FAULKNER

> Yes, I would like to make one of George Orwell’s 1984. I have an idea for an ending which would prove the thesis I’m always hammering at: that man is indestructible because of his simple will to freedom.

Damn, would've been interesting to see if there is a script of such ending. 
I don't think I really understand this quote completely. What makes authors so great like Hemingway and Faulkner is that their style is so unlike anyone else's, right? If Hemingway never existed then we would never have experienced his particular style. I get that there may have been other authors who had the same type of life as him therefore the content would be similar. Authors who were writing in the same vein. But on the sentence by sentence level Hemingway stands alone. That's why he is Hemingway. 
He sure knows how to talk nonsense. 
I have a weird love/hate thing with Faulkner. he has written some amazing lines in his books but damn is it a slow build. I also have issue with the idea that the human condition can only be examined through the lens of poor white trash in the South. that last point may have more to do with my personal biases against white trash southerners than it has to do with Faulkner.  
"One day I was talking to Cora. She prayed for me because she believed I was blind to sin, wanting me to kneel and pray too, because people to whom sin is just a matter of words, to them salvation is just words too.” is such an insightful line that I can forgive him a lot but I still can't fully embrace him.
[deleted]
Err... one doesn't compare *oneself* to Hemingway or Dostoyevsky.  That's a bit gauche.  By all means, let *others* make the comparison, but at least *try* to feign some humility.
Colourizebot
As I lay dying 
Colorizebot
Colorizebot
" It’s the book I feel tenderest toward. I couldn’t leave it alone, and I never could tell it right, though I tried hard and would like to try again, though I’d probably fail again."  
  
"In my opinion, if I could write all my work again, I am convinced that I would do it better, which is the healthiest condition for an artist."  
  
Way to have two contrasting opinions on the same thing, Faulkdawg.
  

poetry is not demanding poetry is terrible and annoying. beyond that...i kean i really dont think so. 

what makes artists unique is that they have true individual voices
Hey! This is my interview :) thanks for the support. If you're interested I have a list of interviews with authors/musicians [here](www.Vitcavage.com/portfolio).
RE: memoirs -- the full quote is "Memoirs are bullshit to some degree"

>[Some people have claimed] that memoirs are more appropriate to the time we live in, but also superior to fiction. Listening to that kind of talk and seeing situations like the James Frey incident…The thing that made everyone upset was the fact that he had lied, you know? That he passed this thing off as true when it was a work of fiction was wrong. What pissed me off as a novelist was that he wrote it as a novel and nobody wanted to publish it. Then he relabeled it as a memoir and suddenly everybody wants to publish it and everyone wants to read it.

>That offends me because I’m a novelist and writing novels is what I do. I take that personally on some levels. It also offends me because it’s bullshit. Memoirs are bullshit to some degree. I don’t mean memoirists are liars; some might be, most are not. I know memoirists try to be scrupulous and try not to deviate from what they remember. It’s the last few words of my sentence where the bullshit comes in. Of course what you remember is a lie or a distortion. It’s inaccurate, there’s conflation, there’s elision. There are gaps, there maybe things that you’ve deliberately forgotten and then forgotten that you’ve forgotten so that you sincerely think they didn’t happen.

>Some of my favorite books, some of the most beautiful books that have been written in the past quarter century have been memoirs, like Frank Conroy’s Stop-Time or Tobias Wolfe’s This Boy’s Life. There are people who have written beautiful works of literature that are memoirs. I’m not trying to impugn individual writers at all. I’m not even necessarily impugning the form of the genre. It’s just the claims that are made. The esteem that is given. The memoir seems to have a higher value because it claims to be the truth. Obviously it just simply can’t be on some level the truth.

>As a novelist, I much prefer, and am much more comfortable with a self-declared lie that is invited by the person being lied to.

This is also some of the trouble with reality television -- it is packaged as "real" even though the situations are contrived and the footage is heavily edited. This is difficult, because there definitely is a hunger (both on television and in books) for a "real" story, but as he says, "There are gaps, there maybe things that you’ve deliberately forgotten and then forgotten that you’ve forgotten so that you sincerely think they didn’t happen." And in addition to this, there are the moving parts of the story *you don't know*. All you have is one point of view. 
I was just thinking, "Gosh I'm all finished with the Johannes Cabal books, who else will give me a laugh?"  So - four Chabons ordered, hope I like 'em as much as AAKC and YPU.  
He had a pretty good interview on the NY Times [Books Podcast](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/20/books/review/inside-the-new-york-times-book-review-michael-chabons-moonglow.html?rref=collection%2Fcolumn%2Fbook-review-podcast&action=click&contentCollection=podcasts&region=stream&module=stream_unit&version=latest&contentPlacement=1&pgtype=collection), and I'm certain he'll be on [Bookworm](http://www.kcrw.com/news-culture/shows/bookworm)
I didn't like Kav and Clay very much. The first 200 pages were great but the more the story grew the worse it got. 

What would be a good 2nd read for Chabon with that in mind?
[deleted]
> The supposed great misery of our century is the lack of time; our sense of that, not a disinterested love of science, and certainly not wisdom, is why we devote such a huge proportion of the ingenuity and income of our societies to finding faster ways of doing things - as if the final aim of mankind was to grow closer not to a perfect humanity, but to a perfect lightning-flash. 

—John Fowles, *The French Lieutenant's Woman* (1969) 

> The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again; but already it was impossible to say which was which. 

—George Orwell, *Animal Farm* (1945)
*“True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country.”*

Kurt Vonnegut
>“A purpose of human life, no matter who is controlling it, is to love whoever is around to be loved.”

-Kurt Vonnegut, The Sirens of Titan
“With school turning out more runners, jumpers, racers, tinkerers, grabbers, snatchers, fliers, and swimmers instead of examiners, critics, knowers, and imaginative creators, the word 'intellectual,' of course, became the swear word it deserved to be.” 
(Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451.)
...things fall apart; the centre cannot hold;... (Yeats)
"War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength." 

George Orwell, Nineteen Eighty-four 
"The major problem — one of the major problems, for there are several — one of the many major problems with governing people is that of whom you get to do it; or rather of who manages to get people to let them do it to them.
To summarize: it is a well known fact that those people who most want to rule people are, ipso facto, those least suited to do it. To summarize the summary: anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job. To summarize the summary of the summary: people are a problem. Who can possibly rule if no one who wants to do it can be allowed to?"

-Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe
“But it is not only at these outward forms that we must look to find the evidence of a nation's hurt. We must look as well at the heart of guilt that beats in each of us, for there the cause lies. We must look, and with our own eyes see, the central core of defeat and shame and failure which we have wrought in the lives of even the least of these, our brothers. And why must we look? Because we must probe to the bottom of our collective wound. As men, as Americans, we can no longer cringe away and lie. Are we not all warmed by the same sun, frozen by the same cold, shone on by the same lights of time and terror here in America? Yes, and if we do not look and see it, we shall all be damned together.” 

― Thomas Wolfe, You Can't Go Home Again
Ray Bradbbury:

..."I", said Pietro, "have been the patient one. I have waited for the world to stop being silly. I have waited for it to stop wars. I have waited for politicians to be honest. 

I have waited - *la la la* - for real estate men to be good citizens. 

But while I wait, I dance!" "

From the short story *Massenello Pietro* (*We'll Always Have Paris*)

"There's a plot afoot all right, and I'll gladly name the forces propelling it--hysteria, ignorance, malice, stupidity, hatred, and fear. What a repugnant spectacle our country has become! Falsehood, cruelty, and madness everywhere, and brute force waiting in the wings to finish us off . . . to have enslaved America with this hocus-pocus! To have captured the mind of the world's greatest nation without uttering a single word of truth! Oh, the pleasure we must be affording the most malevolent man on earth!"

Philip Roth, The Plot Against America (2004)
>And what is it that civilisation softens in us? The only gain of civilisation for mankind is the greater capacity for variety of sensations--and absolutely nothing more. And through the development of this many- sidedness man may come to finding enjoyment in bloodshed. In fact, this has already happened to him. Have you noticed that it is the most civilised gentlemen who have been the subtlest slaughterers, to whom the Attilas and Stenka Razins could not hold a candle, and if they are not so conspicuous as the Attilas and Stenka Razins it is simply because they are so often met with, are so ordinary and have become so familiar to us. In any case civilisation has made mankind if not more bloodthirsty, at least more vilely, more loathsomely bloodthirsty. In old days he saw justice in bloodshed and with his conscience at peace exterminated those he thought proper. Now we do think bloodshed abominable and yet we engage in this abomination, and with more energy than ever. Which is worse? Decide that for yourselves. 

-Fyodor Dostoevsky, Notes from the Underground
I find Fahrenheit 451 gets more and more relevant every day.

>The television is 'real'. It is immediate, it has dimension. It tells you what to think and blasts it in. It must be right. It seems so right. It rushes you on so quickly to its own conclusions your mind hasn't time to protest, 'What nonsense!

-

>With school turning out more runners, jumpers, racers, tinkerers, grabbers, snatchers, fliers, and swimmers instead of examiners, critics, knowers, and imaginative creators, the word ‘intellectual,’ of course, became the swear word it deserved to be.

-

>If you hide your ignorance, no one will hit you and you'll never learn.

-

>But you can't make people listen. They have to come round in their own time, wondering what happened and why the world blew up around them. It can't last.

-

>If you don't want a man unhappy politically, don't give him two sides to a question to worry him; give him one. Better yet, give him none. Let him forget there is such a thing as war. If the government is inefficient, top-heavy, and tax-mad, better it be all those than that people worry over it. Peace, Montag. Give the people contests they win by remembering the words to more popular songs or the names of state capitals or how much corn Iowa grew last year. Cram them full of noncombustible data, chock them so damned full of 'facts' they feel stuffed, but absolutely 'brilliant' with information. Then they'll feel they're thinking, they'll get a sense of motion without moving. And they'll be happy, because facts of that sort don't change.
Not a novel, but a short story: I think 2016 is "The Year of the Jackpot" (Heinlein) 

So many applicable quotes...

"When he got home he found himself taking down his father's Bible and turning to Revelations. He could not find anything that he could understand but he got fascinated by the recurring use of precise numbers. Presently he thumbed through the Book at random; his eye lit on:
"Boast not thy self of tomorrow; for thou knowest not what a day may bring forth." He put the Book away, feeling humbled but not cheered.

The rains started the next morning. The Master Plumbers elected Miss Star Morning "Miss Sanitary Engineering" on the same day that the morticians designated her as "The Body I would Like Best to Prepare," and her option was dropped by Fragrant Features. Congress voted $1.37 to compensate Thomas Jefferson Meeks for losses incurred while an emergency postman for the Christmas rush of 1936, approved the appointment of five lieutenant generals and one ambassador, and adjourned in eight minutes. The fire extinguishers in a mid-west orphanage turned out to be filled with air. The chancellor of the leading football in situation sponsored a fund to send peace messages and vitamins to the Politburo. The stock market slumped nineteen points and the tickers ran two hours late. Wichita, Kansas, remained flooded while Phoenix, Arizona, cut off drinking water to areas outside city limits."
“Ignorance is fatal.” 
―Ray Bradbury, The Martian Chronicles
For K-12, I almost feel like we need to completely get rid of reading any longer novel in its entirety and focus exclusively on shorter novels (<200 pages), novellas, dramas, short stories, poetry, novel excerpts, etc.  And double for any novel published prior to like 1950.  I feel like when we hand a teenager something like Grapes of Wrath or Moby-Dick, we're effectively telling them that reading a book is something you fight through as a classroom assignment to have some sort of completionist rite of passage.  Meanwhile, sticking a kid with multi-week commitment to a book they hate seems like a surefire way to repel many children from the idea of loving books (or certain authors, eras, etc.).

The idea that students read from a list of canon books or that every good American reads Huck Finn et al is quaint but completely unrealistic and counterproductive in the 21st century.
Not me, but a bunch of friends of mine had to read *Waiting For Godot* in a standard level freshman English class back in high school and they all *hated* it. Apparently the reasoning was that none of the vocabulary itself is too tough, there is no sex/violence, it's a "new classic," so yeah, let's give a classroom full of fourteen year olds Beckett.

I later read it myself like in EngLit in college, really liked it, it was fun to study, but the whole time I thought "man, if I *had* to read this when I was fifteen it would be like getting beaten over the head with a hammer."
The Old Man and the Sea. That particular book was torture for me to finish. 

Otherwise, I loved all of the books I was 'forced' to read in school. 
I was forced to read both Great Expectations and Wuthering Heights at school and then again at university. They were two of the dullest books I've ever read, and being forced to read them made them even worse for me. 

Frankenstein, The Shining, Of Mice and Men, The Turn of the Screw, and Fight Club were all read during my high school/sixth form/university classes. I personally thought they were all great books to read as a group. 
The Bible.
My college American Puritans and Romantics lit class just finished reading and discussing The Scarlet Letter, and we came to the conclusion that it should not be required reading in high school. If we, as English majors, struggle to interpret it, I can only imagine how difficult it would be for high school students. 

When I was a high school FRESHMAN I was forced to read Great Expectations, which I don't think was a good idea. It wasn't until I was well into being an English major that I was able to understand and appreciate Dickens. Huckleberry Finn is another that shouldn't be forced in the classroom either. 

I think there are plenty of classics that would be great for high school students, but they have to be classics that will be engaging for kids that don't normally like to read. If you're going to force kids to read something, make it something that they will appreciate. For God's sake, don't dump Great Expectations on them (hehe) when they are 14 years old!
You're going to hate this, but here me out. Students should have to read The Great Gatsby in classes. For the most part, students rebel students rebel and use the Cliff Notes or Sparknotes just to get it done. Gatsby is something that everyone in America needs to read, not just get through as a means to an end. We should pick it up because we want to experience something special. This can go for many of the classics. 
"Grapes of Wrath" there was no joy in that book. and considering how little time was given to it in the curriculum, there was no time for discussion, so why force the kids to read it?
I think high school seniors should read High Life by Mathew Stokoe.
I read My Antonia for ninth grade English class and absolutely detested it. The thing is, I only hated it when I had to sit down and rush chapters when I was behind. When I actually allowed myself to get into it, I enjoyed it. 

The book was pretty Little House on the Prairie-esque and I personally never loved those books, so that is definitely a contributing factor. 
Tess of the (mother f*cking) Dubervilles 
Shakespeare. Anything of his. I find him over rated. Most ppl tell me I have to read him just because. I hated it in high school and don't bother with him since. 
I'm guessing most people who replied to this question went to school in the US. You've no idea how easy you have it, being from a relatively young country. In my country (EEU) some bright soul had the idea of the lit syllabus used nationally to be in chronological order. First YEAR of high school lit classes was spent on endless medieval "lives of saints" (or martyrs, or hermits, or self-styled prophets...) and boring chronicles. Still makes me wonder how anyone emerges from that not being put off books and reading for life.
I feel somewhat envious when other people talk about having read all of these books in school for classes. I count on my hand what we 'had' to read as part of a class throughout my high school years but most of those were just excerpts. We just 'learned' how to write exam-worthy paragraphs and I was in one of the *good* classes.


That said though, I can understand why kids might not enjoy reading books as part of a class. Sometimes the teachers, not just the kids, don't know how to discuss them or lack understanding of the text and you have kids with mixed reading/comprehension abilities.
I feel like the books I enjoyed the most in school wouldn't be considered "classic literature." I remember reading "Girl Who Owned the City" in middle school and loved it. Although there were a few books that are "classics" that I did like (i.e. "The Outsiders"). But when you have 8th graders reading "Romeo and Juliet" don't be surprised that they can't fully understand or appreciate the play. (And the excuse of "The characters are your age" isn't good enough.)
We had to read To Kill a Mockingbird in my sophomore English class and I LOVED it. What I didn't love was spending the entire month on it. That's 20 classroom days roughly, 20 hours on this book. We read like two chapters every couple of days. I had the book finished in the first night it was assigned because I ended up loving it so much but man that rest of the month was TEDIOUS. 
I can count how many books I actually enjoyed reading in school on one hand. I am a huge reading, I devour books. But most of the books I had to read in school I absolutely hated. I cannot stand Catcher in The Rye or anything written by Steinbeck. Waiting for Godot and Long Days Journey into Night were excruciatingly painful to read. The few that I did enjoy tended to be ones that I had already read or by authors I knew I liked. I enjoyed Shakespeare and Canterbury Tales but I think that was because of the challenge of the language because it was different from what I usually read. 
Many of the books that we were forced to read no longer pertain to the everyday teenager. They are excruciatingly old fashioned and sometimes are very long.  Books that are more in line with teenagers today should be read, not sure what they would be but I definitely think that something like Harry Potter can be used to teach a myriad of ideas in a more entertaining way than some of the current books in the curriculum.
In high school we read 7 or 8 Shakespeare books. Fuck that shit. I didn't understand that stuff at that age. I could read the words, but not the meaning or subtlety. I now won't touch that stuff. I hear its good, but I really hate the memory of those books.  
I had to read *Their Eyes Were Watching God* for tenth grade english. I still have absolutely no idea how I, a white male teenager in Ann Arbor, was supposed to connect with a middle aged black woman in the South and her various marital escapades.
The adventures of huckleberry finn. Could not stand that book and how it felt like taking the inner workings of an ADHD childs mind and putting them into a book.
I basically think that we shouldn't force kids to read anything.
With my reading speed, 12 books really is how many books I could read in a year...
I'd pick a mix of non-fiction, big challenge books, and new books from old favourite authors. Something like:

* Infinite Jest (David Foster Wallace) 
* Anna Karenina (Leo Tolstoy)
* Crime and Punishment (Fyodor Dostoyevsky) 
* Middlemarch (George Eliot)
* The Lord of the Rings (JRR Tolkien)
* The Count of Monte Cristo (Alexandre Dumas)
* Nutshell (Ian McEwan)
* Swing Time (Zadie Smith)
* The Good People  (Hannah Kent)
* Spain In Our Hearts (Adam Hochschild) 
* The Emperor of All Maladies (Siddhartha Mukherjee)
* On Immunity: An Innoculation (Eula Bliss)

1. Steve Jobs, Walter Isaacson

2. Time of Contempt, Andrzej Sapkowski

3. The Big Sleep, Raymond Chandler

4. Skagboys, Irvine Welsh

5. Fool's Assassin, Robin Hobb

6. Fool's Quest, Robin Hobb

7. The Rosie Project, Graeme Simison

8. The Final Empire, Brian Sanderson

9. White Boy Shuffle, Paul Beatty

10. Catch-22, Joseph Heller

11. The Fifth Season, N.K. Jemisin

12. Red Rising, Pierce Brown


[deleted]
I'd just restart wheel of time again. For some reason those books take about a month a piece for me.
Cookbooks don't count right? I would absolutely risk it! I haven't read any of the except for the first few chapters of The Way of Kings. I definitely want to finish that one and probably take in at least one more since we already own it.

1. Gone With the Wind
2. Homegoing
3. The Way of Kings 
4. Words of Radiance (assuming I enjoy The Way of Kings)
5. The Winds of Winter ;)
6. Age of Swords
7. A Year of Ravens
8. The Dog Master
9. How to train your Great Pyrenees to not lay on your mouse hand. <-- Could someone please get on the writing of this one? 
10. Dracula
11. The Fellowship of the Ring
12. Empress of a Thousand Skies
I haven't really thought that far ahead, but let's give it a shot.  I wouldn't just go with doorstoppers, but there are a few on my TBR, so this is as good an opportunity as any to knock those out.  

I'd go with all new books.  I've heard positive things about all of these, but worst case, I ditch the book and go watch a movie instead.  

1.  *Interpreter of Maladies*, Jhumpa Lahiri
2.  *The Lord of the Rings*, J. R. R. Tolkien    
3.  *Kindred*, Octavia Butler
4.  *Les Miserables*, Victor Hugo  
5.  *Redeployment*, Phil Klay
6.  *Bolívar*, Marie Arana
7.  *Good to Great*, James Collins
8.  *Thinking, Fast and Slow*, Daniel Kahneman
9.  The Quran, as interpreted by M. A. S. Abdel Haleem
10.  *The Good Book: A Humanist Bible*, A. C. Grayling
11.  *La casa de los espíritus*, Isabel Allende\*
12.  *Amor en los tiempos de cólera*, Gabriel Garcia Márquez\*

\* In the original Spanish.  My Spanish is good but not great, so it'll take a while, but it'll be a good learning experience.  
1.  The Burning Page by Genevieve Cogman
2.  Withing the Sanctuary of Wings  by Marie Brennan 
3. The Serpent Mirror by Deborah Harknesse 
4. 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea by Jules Verne
5. The Emperor of All Maladies: A Biography of Cancer by Siddhartha Mukherjee 
6. Frankenstein by Mary Shelley 
7. The Selfish Gene by Richard Dawkins
8. And The Rest is History by Jodi Taylor
9. The Serpent of Venice by Christopher Moore
10. The Island of the Sequined Love Nun by Christopher Moore
11. The Magicians by Lev Grossman
12. Five Days at Memorial Hospital by Sheri Fink 


All of them are on my too read list. The first three will be new releases in series I am reading. 
A mix of fiction and non-fiction.

Starting with the non-fiction:

1- Get up Stand Up

2- Women Lead the Way

3- The New Jim Crow

4-A Fighting Chance (Elizabeth Warren)

5-Blueprint for Revolution (Srdja Popovic)

6- The Gift of Fear (Gavin de Becker)

7- The Best Democracy Money Can Buy (Greg Palast)

Now for the fiction:


8- The Killer Next Door (Alex Marwood)

9- Small Great Things (Jodi Picoult)

10- The Weekenders (Mary Kay Andrews)

11- The Underground Railroad (Colson Whitehead)

12- Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore (Robin Sloan)

First, I would claim I was going to read nothing under ~500 pages to stretch it out.
Then I would quickly realize that was a terrible idea and pick some shorter things that sounded good too.

I'd definitely pick an old favorite:

* *East of Eden*, by John Steinbeck

A more recent audiobook favorite:

* *World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War*, by Max Brooks

I just finished but already want to reread and take exstensive notes on:

* *The Way of Kings*, by Brandon Sanderson

* *Words of Radiance*, by Brandon Sanderson

Some longer classics that I've really been meaning to read.

* *The Iliad*, by Homer

* *The Odyssey*, by Homer

* *Ulysses*, by James Joyce

Some shorter books I havent read yet, but from authors I already know I like:

* *Breakfast of Champions*, by Kurt Vonnegut

* *Tortilla Flat*, by John Steinbeck

* *A Scanner Darkly*, by Philip K. Dick

And finally, some nonfiction from my to-read list that looks interesting:

* *Smoke Gets in Your Eyes: And Other Lessons from the Crematory*, by Caitlin Doughty

* *Voices from Chernobyl: The Oral History of a Nuclear Disaster*, by Svetlana Alexievich

The exact titles might vary a bit as the year wore on and I craved specific things, but those would probably be the categories I aimed to fill.
As someone who reads a TON and can read 12 books in 2 weeks, this would absolutely kill me. I don't think I could choose. 
Another book that I'm going to add to my read list...
Jokes on the buyers, you can get that book for free since its public domain!!!
Buzz Windrip isn't the main character; the protagonist is a Vermont newspaper editor named Doremus Jessup (who is sixty years old in 1936 and gives us some hilarious-in-hindsight "younger generation is going to hell" ruminations).
CBC Radio (Canada's national broadcaster) did an excellent hour-long exploration of the recent election in relation to the novel on their Ideas program.

http://www.cbc.ca/radio/ideas/american-fascism-it-can-t-happen-here-1.3824591
I tried to read this over the summer and had to put it down because it was just too scathingly accurate, it was really depressing.  Sinclair Lewis is one of my favorite authors... hopefully there will be a point where politics settles enough that I can get through this one.  
You know, I was reading Ready Player One this week and even Ernest Cline predicted that "reality TV stars" would be presidents. I wonder how many people have tried to warn us over the years?
[deleted]
The real punchline is that it's been happening here since 1980, and now suddenly 20% of the population has woken up to it.

EDIT- and here is the context of that statement: Reagan began the long downward spiral in the US, specifically with massive deregulation and the embrace of globalization and government support of dismantling the country's manufacturing base and shipping it to other countries.

Quality of living has flatlined in the US since ~1978. The only thing that's improved has been our quality of entertainment.
misleading title, I thought it meant that it sold out as an eBook and was wondering how the hell that can even happen
Oh man he's gonna be stoked! 
A Face in the Crowd would be a better description of Trump.

Ursula K. LeGuins The Dispossessed or Kim Stanley Robinsons Mars trilogy would give some ideas on what to do about this.
He must be laughing in his grave.
It was an excellent read. It shows that Fascism doesn't begin by some guy with a goofy mustache and uniform barking orders, but a nice folksy guy who promises to help the poor and rid the country of corruption (among other things). 
The story is available FREE at the Australian Guttenberg website!
Bought it earlier in the year and am currently reading it. No spoilers please, I'm just commenting to read all the comments in this thread later.
How can something sell out online? There are infinite copies.
The closest historical analogue to an actual threat of populist revolt was Huey Long, until an assassin's bullet felled him.   It's possible Long could have toppled FDR at the polls in 1936.   But Long was as akin to Drumpf in origin, politics, political experience and worldview as Gloria Steinem's fish was akin to her bicycle.
Last year I was pushing people to read this. And Octavia Butler's Parable of the Talents. Too late to prevent Trump from being Prez, but if you want to know how it turns out, these are the books that will enlighten you. 
Hah, it predicted the rise of George W (Windrip) Bush.
http://gutenberg.net.au/ebooks03/0301001h.html
It's not sold out anywhere...
I noticed there was no info on how many copies were available for sale. 
Is anyone else bothered by the fact that this man's name is backwards?
...a little late...
Gowin's Law in action....again.
I totally called it would.
Have a shapeshifting lizard running for president.     
  
Everyone is fine.     

Elect a tv personality for the office.      

Everyone is losing their mind!     

WAT.
[removed]
I have one, a stack of books with a George R. R. Martin quote. Check out r/bookishtattoos for a few more.
In two years and 6 days, I plan on getting the [Crying of Lot 49 muted post horn](http://static.deathandtaxesmag.com/uploads/2011/06/tristero.jpg) on my 49th birthday.
I have a turtle named Great A'tuin.
I have a "DON'T PANIC" on my ribs (Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy), and a my interpretation of a hat full of sky on my arm (from the Tiffany Aching Discworld subseries).
I only have one tattoo, which is an illustration from "The Thief of Always" by Clive Barker. 

I've thought about getting "Caddy Smelled Like Trees" as a memorial to my cat, who was named after Caddy Compson. 


I know a guy who has the entire "Litany Against Fear" from "Dune" tattooed on his forearm.
I want to get the "Bridge 4" tattoo in my arm, from Words of Radiance.
I've got a shoulder with a sketch of HST's Raoul Duke (Fear and Loathing in Los Vegas) that my BFF had drawn. I saw it flipping through his sketchpad while waiting on him and impulsively changed our plans to include going to a tattoo parlor that night. 15 years later, still my favorite tattoo.
I want to get this quote from A Great and Terrible Beauty: "There are no safe choices. Only other choices.”, but I keep flip-flopping on my commitment to a tattoo.

It's pretty ironic, all things considered.
I have a half sleeve on my upper right arm of The Black Rabbit of Inlé from 'Watership Down'. 
I've got three book inspired tattoos. "TU WAS DU WILLST" on my arm from The Neverending Story, Luna's hare patronus from Harry Potter on my ankle, and the white shores quote from Gandalf in Return of the King. I plan on getting more in the future. Not all will be in the fantasy genre though.
I have a tattoo of the Author Alex Hayley, who wrote Roots, Queen, The Auto Biography Of Malcom X.
I have a friend who has Tinkerbell stuff.
I have a wind up bird from The Wind Up Bird Chronicles and behind him are two moons for 1Q84 both books by Haruki Murakami. My all time favorite author and my two favorite books. The Wind Up Bird Chronicles was the first book of his I read and besides Geek Love (my 3rd favorite) I've never devoured a book like that. And then when I finished I read it again. 1Q84 I think is a great love story and I'm a sucker for that. Plus I'm a big fan of anything moon related. I could write endlessly about him and those books. Everything he puts out I read. Once I'm not lazy I'll upload a pic. 

Edit: [here's the tattoo](https://imgur.com/a/l50NL) not the best pic but I've been sick all week. 
I have the Tibetan book of the dead tattoo'ed on my shoulder

http://images.gr-assets.com/books/1388614860l/729941.jpg
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/729941.The_Tibetan_Book_of_the_Dead_or_The_After_death_Experiences_on_the_Bardo_Plane


Not quite what you're after, but [gutenberg.org](http://www.gutenberg.org/) has a huge amount of out of copyright books available for download in various formats.

Edit: [Here](http://www.gutenberg.org/browse/scores/top) is a good place to start if you've never heard of Project Gutenberg.
www.archive.org is very good.
If you like audiobooks try [librivox.org](http://librivox.org)
Many books apps have a collection of free public domain books, and Wattpad Free Books also has some newer free stories and books, I believe. 
You might like https://unglue.it/ for Creative Commons books.   
Hey!  
I've only ever read one book together with someone online, it was actually a really cool experience. We still keep in touch, he turned out to be a super nice person.  
The thing is, I read mostly fantasy, so it's probably not that interesting to read with me. 
This isn't *quite* the same, but I check in with /r/52book and often I'm either reading something other people have recently read, or commenting on something that other people are reading that I've recently read. 

It's hard though: reading a book isn't like seeing a movie together. People read at different speeds. 
I've always been interested in that kind of thing. The last time I actually read a book at the same time as other people was back in high school. I have yet to join an in person book club yet though because I haven't actually found a good group that selects interesting books and actually reads them. I agree with you about the larger online groups too. There doesn't seem to be much more than reactions and barely any conversations. I've kind of given up on finding good conversations about specific books in an online format (though sometimes this reddit has some good conversations).
I'm willing to book buddy with someone!

I'm like you - a member of a book club but that's only one book a month (used to be two but that was "too much"). Provided I get a say in what book we read, and the other person actual reads it too, I'm game
Now that you mention it, I actually do a LOT of reading together.  

First of all, of course, I have kids. And I am constantly reading their books out loud to them, but also if I am reading a book I think they might like and they happen to be around, i will read whatever section I am up to out loud to them.  

But other than that, my spouse and I read out loud to each other on a regular basis. Right now, we are reading The Magicians by Lev Grossman.   

We also read in tandem a lot. We hang out together, laying on the bed or sitting on the couch, reading separate books, but we have the tendency to read out little snippets to each other and discuss. We have a large home library, and most of the time one of us has already read the book the other is currently reading.   

I read in tandem with friends, too, have since we were teenagers. We used to simply get together to read separate books in each other’s company for hours and hours. It frustrated our parents, I think.   

I do have a group of friends that has a cookbook club - we read the same cookbook, then get together having cooked a recipe or two from it, and have a pot luck.  

I have another group (okay, it overlaps some) of friends that is basically a book club when we get together. We all discuss what he have been reading since we saw each other last, and what we plan on reading next. We exchange reviews and recommendations and very often wind up reading the same book at the same time, which we then, of course, discuss. It winds up being kind of like a tv show: “are you up to this part yet?” etc.  
You mean all of your closest friendships *aren't* formed around books?
i started /r/readalong as a way for people to buddy up and read books with other people that want to read the same books. 

but yeah, there are a tonne of book clubs on line, just depends on what books you like to read and in what format you like your discussions. 
My SO and I read the Discworld series together - he'd read them before and I never had. 
I'd love to have a dedicated reading buddy (or two).  My SO doesn't read (yeah, I know) and the in-person book clubs I joined all ended up being dismally disappointing.  I don't spend much time online so online book clubs usually end up feeling more like a chore than a real pleasure.  I could get down with an email exchange, or, even better, an actual snail-mail penpal.  I did have a penpal book buddy for awhile that was a real pleasure.  We would take turns picking books, then break the reading up into manageable sections to allow for the slower exchange of snail mail.  Savoring the book and the discussion this way added a new element to my reading that I've missed.  
keep in mind it's written as his defense. You are meant to feel pity for him because that's how he thinks he can get out of this.
Haven't read that one yet; but did recently read Pale Fire, and that was... something else altogether. Nabokov surely was one very clever man.
I never once felt pity or even 'rooted' for him like another person said. 

The writing was beautiful, but not once did I let that misjudge what Humbert was trying to defend. He's a shitty person, and I'm never reading it again. 
   While I didn't feel fondness or pity for Humbert, it sort of humanized my view of people, and helped me understand and empathise no matter who they are, and how in some cases, past experiences can play a profound role in who you are, and of course, mess you up. 
   The strongest emotion I felt though was fear, crippling helplessness for Lo, and a sense of being trapped, of life having ended.
   I think Nabokov was very clever: At one level he forces the reader to break down definitions of morality defined by the dumbed mass of society, as something that simply is because it is, and at the other level, makes you redefine it (morality) from within, something that is beneficial to society. 
    It's like he destroys this shitty, gaudy building that looks shiny on the outside but is absolutely rotten within, and then constructs something with care, with sound beauty resounding from within. 

He's very clever. Humbert makes a great unreliable narrator. You keep catching yourself rooting for him, and realising what that actually means. 
>The protagonist, Hubert, is a pedophile.

Humbert, besides that is not a pedophile. In popular usage, the word pedophilia is often applied to any sexual interest in under-18's and fails to distinguish between attraction to prepubescent and pubescent or post-pubescent minors.

Our man has a fixation with *'nymphets'*, girls aged 9–14, a *nymphet* is a sexually precocious, **pubescent** girl. 

Pedophilia or paedophilia is a psychiatric disorder in which an adult or older adolescent experiences a primary or exclusive sexual attraction to **prepubescent** children.

By all definition he is a hebephile.
Feel? It gave me an aesthetic experience.
Lolita was the first book by Nabokov I read and I was dazzled by his prose. I was also surprised that I didn't feel a moral conflict while being somewhat sympathetic to Humbert. He knows what's right and wrong, and loathes himself for giving in to his desires. At the end of the book though, for the first time he finds himself able to love someone who is no longer a nymphet. It's a subversive question of whether the fact that he gave in to desires that he knew to be wrong and damaging to their object actually had the unforeseen effect of humanizing him so that for the first time he felt a genuine connection to another person (as an adult).

My edition had an afterword by Nabokov where he says that Lolita was a challenge to himself, and that he had thought of two more scenarios that would be a similar challenge, both to himself and readers, but he thought they'd never get published. (Note that he thought this even after Lolita was out was about to be published). One: a harmonious interracial marriage resulting in a large and harmonious family that's not in the least dysfunctional. And two: an atheist who works hard, is successful and a pillar of the community, and dies peacefully at a ripe old age surrounded by his loving family. What i find most subversive about Lolita is this assessment Nabokov makes in the afterword: that in the US of his time, it's easier to make a pedophile a sympathetic character than an atheist or an interracial couple.
I read Lolita in college and only experienced the sort of curious unease again while reading American Psycho a few months ago. To me they are challenging in much the same way - dropping us into the first person perspective of society's most heinous individuals. The style varies only because the characters do.
I love Lolita so much.  I think I especially loved it because I could really relate to Humbert.  I hope everyone can at least appreciate Humbert's feelings, even if they think he's a monster.  It breaks my heart when people accuse him of lying about his feelings for sympathy.  

I don't know if Nabokov was a nympholept himself, but he sure knew how to write one.  
Glad you see the beauty in Nabakov's prose, because that is pretty much the point. He was an art for art sakes guy, and any hand-wringing about morality, and even more a political stance, would have left him smirking to some degree, IMHO. John Updike was very much an American Vladimir, and bet you can read him.
I read the book last year for the first time and I picked it up during some sales without even knowing very well what the topic was. Aside from Humbert, that is doing his defense all through the novel, his desire and love. The real thing is that Nabokov with his style left me speechless. He literally makes you prisoner of this world, of the the mind of the protagonist and even if many things you read are wrong you can't stop reading.
Hubert is a very good manipulator which not only drives the plot but also greatly effects the readers interpretation of the narrative, he is in effect convincing the reader and himself that he is not doing anything as abhorrent as it really is.

Stunning piece of literature. 
Lolita is a classic for a reason. It's very well written and Nabokov knows very much what he's doing. 

Having said that, I also found the entire story to be a chore. It becomes awfully repetitive. Humbert honestly started getting on my nerves for how desperate he was to demonstrate his "pure" and "beautiful" affection over and over again, so long-winded at times. I felt like Humbert's prisoner too in that sense. And Stockholm Syndrome never set in. 

Here's the last paragraph of my review on Goodreads that I still think sums up my feelings pretty well: 

*Overall though, this novel pained me. It pained me because the writing was often great, but it was full of effort and slog; so much unnecessary filler and problems of pacing. The plot was uninteresting and despicable, insofar as how despicable it is to hear Humbert prattle on about his lifelong obsession for 300 pages. There just seemed to be something missing the whole time that never engaged me. Humbert is the sort of academic who puts you to sleep after ten minutes of speaking with him, because his mind is so singularly focused. Sorry gentlemen-I just don't care that much about you and your love of Lolita. And no amount of well-intentioning is going to make me think otherwise.*
Lolita really angered me, as English was not nabokovs first language....
"Wow, this is really beautifully written. Wait, is that...? Oh, that's just wrong. But it's so beautiful. But so wrong. Okay, I'll try to hate Humbert. But how can I hate someone so goddamn fun to read? Okay, he made a good point there. That was also a good point. Oh god, I'm agreeing with him. How can I agree with this? What does that tell me about me? Oh, that was clever. Maybe he's not so bad after al - nope, pedophile. But she seems so willing...? Maybe it's love. Wait, no, fuck that, she's 13. Agh"
Its a good book. Its a very american novel in a lot of ways which is interesting because nabokov was such an old world dude. 

Its an interesting book because he has HH basically pull every trick to "charm" the reader. Like all the literary references in particular the references to poe early in the novel when HH discusses his first love i read as an educated paedophile essentially bullshitting the reader. Like if we think about the meta of the novel its an accused murderer/paedophile in prison writing a story that puts him in the best light he can manage. 

For me the book peaks with the opening where HH is in europe married to valeria its just absurd nonsense that always makes me laugh. I think the book drags a bit on their little road quest but nabokovs great writing holds it together 

Its a good book but i recommend you read it again. The second reading i reckon its easier to see through the narrators bullshit and to see where he is lying or presenting himself in an especially kind light 
i think its a great metaphor for the power of manipulation. if a poet or a singer is a master and expresses his love for a woman, does that mean he loves her more than the man who does not have the artistry to show her that way? i dont think so.
Every time I read Lolita, I get something else out of it. It's one of the most incredible books I've ever read. Also one of, if not THE most fucked up. I will never stop re-reading it, probably once a year. It's written really quite beautifully, for a pedophile's defense.
I was so astonished and disturbed when I first read it that I always intended to read it again. So I did, years later, and kept a detailed reading journal [here](https://wecanreaditforyouwholesale.com/1946-1989/lolita-vladimir-nabokov/). 

I think I was even more astonished the second time around. The final sentence of the journal: "For three weeks now I’ve been telling people that they should read (or re-read) this novel – because what Nabokov does is nothing short of brilliant."
You know you are a good writer when you make pedophilia (or hebephilia) sound justifiable. I almost felt bad for taking Hubert's side throughout the entire narrative, I was probably manipulated in the most beautiful way.
That little "f" icon, and the little twittering bird (and the rest).... Just don't click on them. And turn off alerts on your phone. If you're like me, you must be able to find 20 or 30 minutes somewhere in your day that you would otherwise be wasting.

Right, I'm turning this off - *now*.
For me, I try to always have some reading material handy. I have books to read in my car, on my phone, in my bag, and two different e-readers. That way  when I hit a lull in my non-stop schedule, I have something to read! I also read on meal breaks, if I have time before sleeping, or while I'm waiting for things to finish cooking. I sometimes purposely schedule reading times. An hour here or a few hours there. Good luck! 
Audiobooks on my commute and while doing housework and the like. I  usually save books I don't want to read or had a hard time getting into for the audio books. This is usually my work related YA and nonfiction.

 I read for an hour or so before bed, on road trips, while waiting for the Dr. and during football games (husband watches a lot of football). 

People are constantly giving me the old "I only like REAL books." line at work and I keep telling them you gotta have one of each at all times. I have my "real" books at home, an audio book for when I'm driving, cleaning or working out and an ebook on my phone for all the other times I have spare time. 
Just whenever I can. I read on my way to work, in line at the bank, anytime I have two minutes to myself.
I feel your pain.

University can suck up a lot of your time, between assignments, classes, and your social life (not to mention sleep). But it's not impossible to find--or, more realistically, *make*--time.

So here's my advice. Your classes are scheduled. You probably have some sort of routine with your meals and/or social activities. So for the rest of your responsibilities, just schedule time for them. Three hours between your last class and dinner? Do your homework. The flip side of this is to schedule some time for reading. Maybe an hour every other day, or even every day. Just make sure you stick to all the parts of your schedule--you have more time than you think you do.
You don't find time to do things you want to do, you make time. In my case I go to bed 30 minutes earlier than I need to and spend 30 minutes in bed reading before I sleep. 

If that means 30 minutes less at the pub/gaming/redditing so be it.
This is my typical reading day: Audiobook after dropping off kids at daycare. Lunch - audiobook to food truck, read physical book about 30-45 minutes (longer if I brought my lunch from home), audiobook back to the office. Audiobook to pick up kids and wife, political podcasts on way home w/ fam., while cooking. Read physical book on treadmill, 30 mins. Kids asleep by 9, wife in bed by 1130-12. Read physical book from 12-I fall asleep.  
  
All while trying to ignore reddit and facebook with modest amounts of success.
I know what you mean about not having too much time.  My Goodreads reading challenge this year was 26 for that reason.  Full time job, driving commute, twin 4 year olds at home...yeah, not much down time.

I do, however dedicate 1 hour a night to reading before bed.  I find it helps me sleep, which makes me more productive the next day.  The only other time that I get to read is on weekends when the kids nap (unless I am really drained and need a nap myself).
I keep my books on my phone so I always have them with me. I also keep the book widget front and center, so that's the first thing I see, and I am more likely to click on that than go to Facebook or play my games. I know a lot of people don't enjoy reading on such small devices, but I usually only get 10 - 15 minutes to read at a shot, so it works well. I tend to read while walking to and from where I need to go. It's a bit dangerous if other people are around though so be careful. Otherwise, if I get to to where I need to be and I'm a bit early, I'll open up my phone. I also tend to find a quiet corner at lunch and hunker down for a bit with some food and read then. Definitely not the same as being able to sit in a comfy chair and read. But, if you can do e-books find an e-reader that will sync between screens and you can pick up where you left off on a bigger more comfortable device.
I don't watch TV, I don't really see many movies, I don't play video games - books are my entertainment.

I also read everywhere I have an extra couple of minutes - kids hockey practice, waiting rooms, lines at the MTO, during my lunch.....   I also have a messy house and my kids run wild.
If I'm not too tired, I just try to read an hour every night. (If I'm already too tired, there is no point really). It also helps to read things that really draw you in (and are maybe not super difficult to read). I do like to read difficult things every now and then, but sometimes I find it hard to pick up the book, so something that can be read easily is great.

I hope this helps you out in some way. I'm a slow reader, so I don't really get much further than about 30-40 pages in that hour, but that's ok for me.
I take them on the go in an app. Or read before bed.
I set aside an hour a day to read before bed. Usually 9:00-10:00 pm is for reading, then I watch some tv until 11:00 pm before falling asleep. 
I'm just always doing something. I listen to podcasts, draw, work out, train my dog, read, hike, play too much overwatch and fire emblem, learn Danish, work 40-50 hours, improve my R skills, study for actuarial exams, and do stuff with my best gal. 

I've only read about 12 books this year (including graphic novels, but grouping things like saga/Locke and key/etc as one work), but I'm satisfied with that. I don't have time to learn about new authors or new music any more, but SACRIFICES MUST BE MADE. 

I don't spend a lot of time on any one thing besides coding and actuary stuff, but I always spend time on something.
I'm a college student. For me, the best method I've found is to listen to audiobooks for my own enjoyment. What time I do have for reading is all used up on textbooks.
If you want to do it, you make time for it. Maybe you can identify a time where you just don't do the best schoolwork - this would be a great time to set aside for pleasure reading. That could be a half hour while you're having coffee in the morning, or mid-afternoon. Tell yourself *I won't get much out of doing schoolwork right now, so I'll read that great book!*
During my lunches at work I stopped reading for class and now read something that I am actually interested in as a *fun* read. It was getting embarrassing to work in a library but not have read anything newer that I can recommend when asked "What are you reading?"  When I have an hour for lunch there is no reason I can't spend that 30-45 minutes not eating of it as "me reading time." 
I read whenever I have any down time, even if it's only 10 minutes. Not a day goes by that I don't read at least a little. I'm a single mom and I work full-time, so I don't have a lot of free time. But whenever I do, I have my face in a book. 

I guess my biggest trick is reading in bed. It helps me unwind at the end of a busy day. Kids are tucked in, I brush my teeth and get my pj's on, and I read in bed for about half an hour before I go to sleep.

Edit: When I'm eating alone, I read then too.
Listening to Audible Books helps. Also helps to occupy your mind when you're commuting (mass transit preferably) or working out at the gym.
Always keep your book on you. Flip it open on transit, on lunch breaks, while standing in line for something, while waiting for a friend, while eating.
Im also a VERY busy
 University student, and always just read when I'm procrastinating. This is maybe bad advice, but when I should be doing homework and am instead doing reddit or Facebook, I read instead. I figure it's better use of my procrastination, and it's also easier for me to say " after two chapters I have to do some work" than it is to say "20 minutes of reddit then back to work."
I stopped reading for pleasure during college. There are times in your life where you have to learn to say "No". And I chose to say no to reading. I was already writing papers and reading chemistry books, etc .... I picked up the habit again later. But I have friends try to fit EVERYTHING in. But you have to say no to some things. It might not be reading ... but there are so many hours in the day. 

I personally like listening to audiobooks during my commutes. And I like to read about 20-30 minutes before I go to bed. And that's usually just stopping my social media browsing earlier
As much as I love paper based books, it's too hard finding the time to carry it around, and finding a space where I can read it... However, I live through the Kindle cloud reader, being able to read them on a computer when I've nothing i need to do at work is a godsend. I average two to three books a month, and the best part? I get paid to read! Front desk at a hotel, if anyone's wondering.
Like many have said, I read whenever I can. I read during my lunch break at work and I always makes sure I read before I go to bed, even if only a chapter or two. I always have a book with me. When I was in school or college I would read before class, during breaks, etc.

Kill your television. Like, right now. 

Also, get divorced and cede full custody to your ex. 
I get my reading done in bits wherever I can: 

waiting for or on public transit,

in the doctor's waiting room (they tend to have very limited reading material, if any),

and on my lunch breaks.

I also try to read fiction or a biography for 15-40 minutes before going to bed to relax.
My downtime activities tend to be either reading or some sort of media related program on my phone or computer. I take a train into school and devote that time to reading every day. And most days before bed I sneak in a bit. It helps to make a routine and avoid the little time suckers haha
I read on the bus from my house to the university, that's like 1 hour a day, sometimes more if there's a traffic jam. And I always carry the book because you never know when you'll have to wait something and read !
I. hate. waiting. Therefore any time I find myself "waiting" (grocery store, DMV, dentist's office) I immediately go to my kindle app on my phone and read a book I have just for that purpose. For a while now, that book has been the Count of Monte Cristo. 

I no longer wait for anything, I just get time to read that book.
Delete all your social media profiles. If you can't, don't install their apps on your phone. Stay away from the TV. Read regularly 
(before going to bed for example).
Having a kindle paperwhite helps, I can bring it anywhere no matter how hefty the book is. It fits in every bag/purse I have. I can download the next book in a series the moment I finish the previous one (though this can get dangerous!), it has a built in book light so I can read in bed without bothering my partner. 

I read everywhere... on my lunch break, in line at the grocery store, in the waiting room at the dr, when I get home from work and unwind, before bed. All in all I'm able to get in ~2 hours of reading per day or more even though I work full time. 
It's pretty hard, but there is always time you just gottq find it. Last fall semester my gf and I decided to go back to school (masters for her, bachelor's for me), at first we were doing well, but by mid semester we realized that we were getting jist plain burned out all it was, was wake up, go to school, come home study, sleep, and repeat. We fin ally decided that we would put 30 minutes aside every evening, turn the tv off, close our school books, make tea, and read for at least 30 minutes. It got to the point that we would look forward to it all day. Even if you set aside 30 minutes a day to read you'd be surprised at how much you can get done.
Have a good hard look at what you're doing with your day. A lot of people ask me how I get so much time to read, and honestly it's just my priority. I always have a book in my bag. I read on the bus, on my lunch break, while I'm waiting for appointments and while I'm winding down in bed. Instead of gaming or playing on your phone or watching TV, read. You won't be studying 24/7, so just have a look at what you're doing in your downtime instead of reading and reassess. 
I work from home, so my schedule is a little more lenient, but it's still pretty busy in general. I tend to take three breaks from the day each day to read a bit, with a drink and/or a snack.

These are -- shortly after waking (deal with emails/urgent business, then go sit down and read with some OJ), after dinner (beer and a book, this one's usually a bit longer of a break), and a little while before bed (this one can also be a bit longer, depending on if I've got more work to do before sleeping or if I'm just gonna fuck around with reddit and games).

I'm a pretty slow reader, so even with three sectioned-off bits of my day to read, it still takes me a while to get through a lengthy book. But it's always a nice break from whatever's going on that day. I try not to touch my phone unless I get a text or email (this was harder in the days leading up to the election, especially after waking up, I had to know what I'd missed), and it's just really relaxing. Then it's back to work (intermittently mixed with other forms of procrastination) until the next book break.
This get's posted a lot. It's kind of a dumb question IMO. You just find the time or you make it or you don't. How many hours do you sleep a night? The whole 8 hours things kind of bullshit. 
When I went to college,  I found that I got a lot of fun reading done around midterms and finals. 
There are usually certain periods throughout the day when we have fewer demands on our time.  For me, that's first thing in the morning, right before bed, and at the end of my work day, so that's when most of my reading gets done.  

I don't know what your old time slot was, but it could also be that right now you just can't read as much as you used to.  If I can get two 25-minute blocks of reading, that's a pretty good day.  Reading any more than that would require me to neglect something else that I consider important, and I won't do that.  
Others have said it, but audiobooks have been a godsend. I listen to them on my commute and even sometimes at my desk at work with headphones in. 
 
I might be weird for this, but I also buy a physical copy to read when I actually do have time. Sometimes I'll even read along while I listen to the book, especially if it's a very good narrator. 
Turn off your phone and read before bed instead of checking your devices. 
Same problem here. University workload seems overwhelming but it's not impossible to reserve time for reading. Keep ebooks in your phone so you can read on the go--while waiting for the professor to arrive or when you have breaks. Start a habit of reading for a few minutes a day. From 10 minutes, gradually increase it to 30 minutes. Or you can have around 1-2 hours during weekends reserved for reading. A few hours wouldn't hurt your gpa.
Audible. Pretty much stopped reading things that weren't work related for 2-3 years and this set me straight.  Very convenient and has driven me to read more physical books as well. 
I bring whatever book I am reading at the time with me everywhere. I try to get to class 10 minutes early and I use that time for reading some of the book. Because I don't have a car and I bus everywhere I pull my book out to read while riding the bus. I read during my lunch break at work. I even read during breakfast or dinner if I am lone wolfing it for that. Any minute I can get I read. I  have always had the habit of reading before I go to sleep and this has fallen a bit since being in Uni but when I can I do that as well. Also breaks are your best friend. I read most of my Goodreads challenge during my breaks. And short books are helpful on that. Like Agatha Christie is awesome to read because they are good but short books. 
Why have it removed, just because it may make someone else uncomfortable?

Better to read and discuss it as a group, pointing out the ways in which it's outdated, and the ways in which it's still relevant. 

Current events shows is quite clearly that you can't end hatred by burying it, as it'll always bubble up again. But you can discuss it openly and intelligently, teaching people how to better refute such messages they see in the future. 

College isn't about being safe and protected, it's about learning how the world works, how to successfully make your way in it, and how to be an intelligent, informed, and productive adult. 

You don't get there by hiding from reality. 
I would hope that any person in college, that voluntarily took that course (probably being fully aware of the reading requirements) would be capable of voicing their own opinions on it towards the professor if they have a problem with the book. 

But, I highly doubt that outdated views are going to surprise many who sign up to a Medieval English Literature course. Furthermore, taking a course on Medieval English Literature is all about learning what people wrote about during the middle ages. Reading about outdated views and discussing those works is part of that. 

Personally, I would feel extremely cheated as a college student that chose to take a Medieval English Literature course if we didn't talk about at least parts of Chaucer's Canterbury Tales. 
Firstly, you're not going to get much support on this from reddit, because reddit in general and /r/books in particular are very much against book banning and the removal of books because they might offend somebody.

Most people are aware that attitudes towards women and minorities have not always been the way they are now, let alone the way we might like them to be.  If there is anybody who is offended by the way women were written about over 600 years ago, English Lit may not be for them.  Studying a piece of writing in no way requires agreeing with it, and the outdated attitudes in Chaucer's writings may well even be a topic for discussion during the class.  Burying our cultural past does not stop it from existing.

Besides which, removing Chaucer, one of the greater English writers generally and probably the greatest of his time, the first to be buried in Westminster Abbey's Poets' Corner, and one of the first writers to write in English vernacular, from a Medieval English Lit class is a frankly ludicrous suggestion.  By all means have a chat with the professor about the way it is handled, but expect to be shot down if you ask for it to be removed.
Maybe instead of making an inconvenience for everyone else, you should just switch classes. 
People have been reading it in school for a long time. I'm sure you'll all make it through just fine, like the other tens of thousands of people. 
If they're not offended by it why are you? It was written hundreds of years ago when times and thoughts were far different from today. Read it, do the work, and move on. You have no need to be offended on someone else's behalf. 
 I am giving you the benefit of the doubt and saying 8.5/10 "it's okay" - IGN for this trolling. I've seen you here before.

This is some dumb fucking shit right here.

Chaucer literally had three consecutive tales regarding the role of women and the end result (ie, the one present in the best light) is the one of *mutual respect and understanding*.

The Clerk, who goes on and on about the wickedness of women, is presented as a spineless ninny and an neurotic idiot.

The Wife of Bath, who goes on and on about how men are idiots, is  presented as selfish and manipulative.

The Franklin, who takes the middle ground, is, while not an exemplar like the Knight, Parson, or Plowman, is a pretty great guy regardless.

Did you not notice the pointed criticism of the church, too? Chaucer was no fool. A product of his times, yes, but so is literally every other fucking person on the planet, and he was still one of the best.

That's some communist level shit right there. 
Am I the only one feeling trolled by someone who hates the so-called SJWs?
This is obviously either misguided, in that virtually every work of medieval English literature would flunk a modern values test with respect to women or Judaism, or a flame; note that it's late November and an odd time to quibble over the syllabus of a college course.

But hypothetically, let's say preventing speculative third-party offense is suddenly a worthwhile goal.  Not that it's a competition, but Canterbury Tales is terribly, relentlessly offensive to corrupt members of the Catholic hierarchy.  Were there any legitimate reason to strike the book because females and Jewish people might read it and be offended, we had darn well also include any amoral, exploitative clergy who happen to be taking the course so they not feel excluded from due protections.
lol, no. Since you're the only one that seems to want to take action (even *before* you read it? Really?), I would suggest taking an action only you should be responsible for: drop the class?
If you're going to clutch your pearls every time you read a book that doesn't meet your purity standards, you're gonna have a bad time. You can find any number of books written today that can be upsetting, as well as TV, movies, and music. 

If no one else is offended (have you asked?) I'd just buck up and read it. Or change classes. 
A book may say offensive stuff, but the action to deal with it should only be that of people directly offended. Never read the book but I'm assuming it's older and therefore will have outdated views. 
Books like this actually lead to the best discussions, I think. 
Reading should take you out of your comfort zone and teach you about history, specifically how people thought in the past. No one would read anything ever if it was a matter of comfort.
Its a medieval class; that shit happened back then. It's part of history no matter how terrible it was. Educating people on the good and the bad of our history is important. If it offends you (or other people) don't take the class. Erasing some ones struggles from history and not teaching it is more offensive in my perspective; that's pretty much saying it doesn't matter enough to be taught. 

Toughen up.
Please tell me this is a troll post.

Edit. Yup.
Talk about why the themes are wrong, don't just get the book banned... that doesn't help anybody. 
If you think there's something to be concerned about, speak to the professor. But don't put her in the awkward position of having to explain to you why she will not be removing something that's probably been on the curriculum for several times as long as you've been alive. 

Perhaps once you've discussed with your professor that you think some people may have issues with the content, and she decides to power through, you can bring up in class as a discussion how changing views may make what once was popular now seem offensive and hurtful. That would actually be a helpful, insightful discussion topic that I would enjoy being a fly on the wall for. 
Just don't.  First of all it's up to those people who might potentially be offended to speak up for themselves if it bothers them.  Second..I think part of the whole point of reading books from other time periods and places is to get a slice of life from what it was like live then or there, and talk about the culture at the time, and how things have changed. It's critical for people to understand that things were not always as they are now.   If you convince the professor to remove it, you rob them of that experience.  
I can't even... I didn't think I had any "triggers" and have even mocked this "tigger warning" culture. You just found mine. I'm really not meaning to belittle you; you might just be new to upper level lit. classes. You obviously have a good heart.

[/begin rant](http://www.giphy.com/gifs/mRs1C2FJSbjcA)

* Never ask to ban a book. Ever. He's not telling you that you have to approve or agree. You are in college, as such you must read literature that is challenging to your morals or beliefs. You must read works that offend you in order to express what offends you and why. 

* Don't get something banned because you are trying to protect other people or speak for them. Women and oppressed minorities are used to this type of lit. We Jews are used to it; I do not think anyone will be swayed to think of me as a Shylock because they read Merchant of Venice. I don't think anyone is going to think that it's okay to rape me because they read American Psycho (but I do think it's okay if they appreciate Whitney Houston's Dance with Somebody a little more, I know I do.) It's nothing new. If there are any black people in your American Lit class, will you ask to ban The Adventures of Huck Finn because the N-word is constantly dropped? If you stand behind your reading, then wouldn't it be important to apply these universal (if offensive) plots, themes, and symbols of patriarchal power and oppression throughout the rest of your readings throughout the history of literature? This is a Seminole work, a lot of lit builds from it... how can you understand western literature if you don't read the CANTERBURY TALES!?

* How can you learn how to think critically and argue, without analyzing and understanding "offensive" literature? This is a work that often inspires debate around issues of feminist and anti-feminist values in lit. Ask yourself: why are these plots and tropes in the work?

* This is a medieval literature class. THIS IS THIS WHAT WAS IN MEDIEVAL LITERATURE!!!! 

* These themes are in Shakespeare, the Bible, etc. Slowly, western civ. has evolved into a more politically correct culture, often "less offensive" because of works like the Canterbury Tales. If you didn't read anything that was remotely offensive... what would you have left? How can we analyze the values, fears, history, evolution of the time if we don't read about the values?

* Referring directly to antisemitism and rape in Canterbury Tales: CONSIDER SATIRE. Now read again.

* Where's the line between shining light on the dark shadows or overlooked offenses that are constantly in our faces and censorship?

* Your booklist: 1984, Fahrenheit 451, Brave New World, Titus Andronicus, Literary Theory: an Introduction, all the Harold Bloom you can get your hands on, use your school's jstor to read as many different perspectives on Chaucer as possible, pick out one book on the banned books list that you think might be vulger to you or others, read it, then write a critcal essay about the purpose, or lack there of, for the offensive content.

/end rant

So, to answer your question... you need to take at least a few days to think this through, especially if you are an English or Ed major. Your professor will probably think less of you or just think you are uneducated or naive, while trying not to offend you. (My husband's an English prof, so this is how it typically goes with him in these situations.) Perhaps he will give you a more thoughtful lesson about this than my triggered rant.

... time to check my blood pressure.

PS If you are a troll, you are *literally* the best troll ever. I applaud you.
You jest, of course.

But just in case, no sensible woman or Jew would be offended by the Canterbury Tales. 
I'd press to try to discuss the more important aspects. University courses are notorious for being full of misogyny and anti-Semitism, so it is more important to drive home the disgusting parts of society

You won't get much support here on reddit though. Lots of rape-positive and misogynist users.
I read it a few weeks ago. I enjoyed it. It was tough to read (since becoming a parent it has become really tough to read about kids dying) at times but the overall discussion about the tactics and purpose of terror was pretty provocative. 
It's one of my favorite books of the year. Here's an interview I did with the author [here](http://www.vol1brooklyn.com/2016/03/29/literature-in-and-on-the-aftermath-of-violence-an-interview-with-karan-mahajan/).
First read Read a bit. I stopped it when the marriage started disintegrating, don't remember more. 

Second
The taking blame for the real bomber was unnecessarily dramatic. Don't remember more.


Writing is good enough but nothing memorable.

What quotes do you make of it?




Donate them to a prison?  A shelter? A library? Second hand bookshop? 
Recognize that as a collector, sometimes you have to be choosy with what you find and what you keep. I know there are plenty of times where I contemplated getting a haul or just a large stack for cheap, but had to leave it because I didn't have the space or interest.

You should go through and see what books interest you the most. Try to pare it down to the 40-50 books you most want to read, then start advertising bulk lots in your local Craigslist or EBay.

If I lived in London, I'd certainly take some of those off your hands. Alas, I am in Canada and can't do much.
Sell them on Amazon or eBay.
  
In the US we have second hand stores that will buy most books (especially in great condition) for cash or store credit.
  
Donate to your local library.
You might consider contacting a local school. As a teacher, I'm always looking for good books for my classroom library!
I live in the UK, and I'll happily take some off your hands, although I don't live in London. Selling in joblots on ebay is probably your best bet, but there's no guarantee of the books selling quickly, if at all.
Sell them, I'd buy some.
You may want to look into if there are any Little Free Libraries near your neighborhood. One library would not be able to hold very many but I'm sure the stewards would appreciate having a box or two to fill the library when if it runs low. 

You could of course look into starting your own library, it's a great way to get books out into the community.
Maybe you could do a book sale or giveaway or something on here? I'm sure a lot of us would be happy to buy some! 

But if that's not an option donation to maybe a school or shelter near you would be a great thing! 
Open an online bookstore. You have the inventory! This is what I plan to do. I have hundreds of books to get rid of and listing them on Amazon or eBay does not work. I need an online bookstore where I can offer books for as long as I like until they sell.
First off, get a Shurgaurd storage box, gives you at least a month for a Pound to figure out what to do with them.
I live in Oxford so would be willing to buy a few from you if you put them on Ebay or somewhere else
Start reading
You could probably sell the folio society books easily en masse. I'd likely buy some
200 folio society editions? Holy shit, that's some serious money. 
I wonder if you could have a big book sale or giveaway at some place other than your house, maybe a park or something, and make a kind of party out of it and a celebration of this lady's life (particularly nice if she were still alive and cogent enough to at least learn of this event before she passed away). If you got 200 people to each take 5 books, would cut it in half. The rest you could donate.
I would be very interested in buying some, although I don't live in the London area. If you ever think about posting them to eBay, let me know [first]! 
As others are saying, you should sell some more valuable ones, and donate some to schools, libraries, etc. I know that some fire stations and police stations accept books and distribute them to the community.
Sell them for one dollar. 
Keep or sell the Folio society books and hang on to titles you might be interested in. Talk to high schools and public libraries about donations. I'd avoid sending them to charity or thrift stores. If you just want to get them out, take them to a couple used book stores and use the credit. 
As an example of a place that might be interested, the people who sell books under the bridge at Southbank. I imagine second hand sellers like that might take them off your hands and you might even be able to make some money 
OP are there any books by B S Johnson in there? Would definitely buy (assuming it's not one I have already)
I donate to a nearby prison. 
Get a sheet of glass, stick books together, make four legs of equal height, put glass on top. Presto, fancy coffee table
You can cut them all one length and glue them to your wall and then transition to the ceiling!! I saw a post here awhile back that someone did that... https://out.reddit.com/t3_4mqaio?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimgur.com%2Fa%2FCtM4k&token=AQAA9EA0WCtPhFY9qi2ALxi5lxhYBH1XlVu61gadiK4ErmzClyF8&app_name=reddit.com

Well, here we go again...
Fantastic Beasts is wonderful and I will read and see anything else that has to do with HP and I hope she writes a new one every 2 years 
One of the most enjoyable things about Ulysses is seeing how his style and work influenced other authors.  This may be a bit pretentious, but it's not a book best enjoyed in isolation.  It works much better when you read it in the context of a larger literary movement.  Try reading some Faulkner, some Virginia Woolf (To the Lighthouse is great for this), and probably some Gaddis (The Recognitions is difficult, but it's a good test to see if you enjoy struggling through a book), and then go back to Ulysses and enjoy picking up on the little bits and pieces and styles that other greats have lifted or borrowed.
You've probably heard this advice before as his guide is a standard recommendation for Ulysses newcomers, but your post doesn't mention it, so in case you haven't, it's worthwhile to consult Harry Blamires's The New Bloomsday Book, which is kind of a more extensive Sparknotes. It should be widely available in libraries and online bookshops (I've just searched Abebooks, and there are copies selling for less than ten dollars). in clear, accessible language, Blamires guides you through each episode, pointing out Homeric and other literary/cultural allusions, themes, symbols and motifs, jokes, the subjects of joyce's numerous parodies, etc, all explained with an objectivity that allows you to come to your own interpretations of the text. It's less dryly didactic than that last sentence makes it sound, one reviewer on Goodreads says that this book is "like following an experienced guide on a relatively brief tour through a foreign city". There are other summaries and more detailed annotations, but Blamires is rightly hailed as the most engaging gide for the general reader. If you still can't get through it, there is, needless to say, no shame in putting it down and trying again later, you might just not be in the right mood.

Edited to add: If you'd like to read a bit of the Blamires before you get it, I found a free sample of the introduction and first two chapters on Google Play (I tried to post the direct link, but my comment was removed by the automod.) Skip to page fifteen for the introduction.

Second edit: It might also help to read the novel out loud or listen to an audiobook. Joyce is one of the most intensely musical stylists in the English language, and the beauty and humour of his prose is often derived from the sounds, the harmonies and rhythms of words, which can be hard to pick up when you're silently reading. This is doubly true of Finnegans Wake, if you ever want to give that a try..
I think the best advice for reading Ulysses (if you're not doing so for scholarly or academic purposes) is to go into it accepting the fact that you probably won't fully understand a lot of it. Just read what's there, reap from it what you can, and consult secondary sources for help if you want (I recommend it, Sparknotes is decent, and other people in this thread have mentioned others). It's a fun read if you don't take it too seriously, and you don't really have to work too hard to get something worthwhile out of it. 
This has helped me a lot and hopefully it may help you. At the end of each chapter, try to write a description of what happened. What happened to the main character, what effected the storyline or his/her goal or quest. If there are words you don't know, look them up if you are having trouble understanding the sentence. If it's your book go ahead and write it in the margin! (I always find that fun because I feel like a little rebel writing on books) post it notes can be helpful and rereading chapters or paragraphs is fine too. Make sure you're reading in a quiet place where you're comfortable so you can concentrate and understand what you're reading. Anything you need to do to understand is okay. Hopefully this helped! Good luck!
I gave up twice, both times around one-third of the way through. Much later, I tried again, using an audiobook to help me. I got to the end, and I'm really glad I persisted with it. I will read it again one day.
Have a listen to novelist/BBC host Frank Delaney's podcast re:Joyce. He's going through the book almost literally one line at a time.

http://blog.frankdelaney.com/re-joyce/

The man is a delight to listen to, but I'd be surprised if he actually makes it to the end of the novel.
What's difficult about Ulysses is the gap between now and when it was written, and if you're like me (an American), the gap in my knowledge of Irish history and culture. Alongside that, Joyce was often quoted as saying that the book could serve as a blueprint of the city of Dublin if it ever were destroyed. Between that and all of the out-of-date lingo and cultural references, it can be a bit overwhelming. I took a class on the book in college, but I'm pretty confident that one could traverse the book without some academic guidance. But there is a pretty helpful book that was extremely useful to me when I went through it. This annotated guide is pretty large, but was great for some of the later, more disorienting chapters where Joyce is just flinging out references left and right. From where you are now, I think the most difficult chapter ahead of you is Oxen of the Sun, which is a nightmare of the nine evolutionary steps of modern Irish language at the time. But everything after should be pretty straight forward. But definitely look into this book, and definitely finish. Honestly one of the most rewarding pieces of fiction I've ever read. Here's the annotated guide:  http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10543.Ulysses_Annotated 

Godspeed!
I'm going to say something about Ulysses that is probably a bit controversial, but it's just my opinion. Any book which requires a college course to fully understand isn't very good. Ulysses is, at best, an exercise in pretension and  over indulgence, and at worst an elitist text enjoyed solely as a means of distinguishing the reader from others who haven't had the appropriate education to afford them a means to enjoy it.

If you're not enjoying it, just toss it away and read something you'll like.
Keep trucking! I find the middle third of the novel to be the most dense and least enjoyable. The last two chapters are easily my favourites.

Not sure about the sparknotes, but better annotations can help too. It can be invaluable to read a summary of each chapter before or afterwards, depending on your taste. I'm a 3-timer with *Ulysses*, it is worth it!
This issue has been very popular in the past! Check out [FAQ Items 2 and 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/books/wiki/faq) for more information.
That's an excellent method. As you have noticed, we both share a common problem. Mine is even complicated since I'm not a native speaker. But, again, this shouldn't be a problem since I read and understand. The only problem is when I try to convert my understanding into words, I get stuck. 
I actually do the exact same thing as you! I put post it notes on different sides of the book to mean different kinds of notes. I also find myself writing a lot of definitions in the margins of my books. It's a good system! Keep reading 👍
This is a pretty clever system! I love categorizations like this so I might use this system at some point.
I review all the books I read, so I often go back to my blog and reread my own review to get a general sense of what I felt about the book. In terms of specific quotes, I update my reading as I go on Goodreads, especially with lines that I found particularly good/outrageous/terrible. If I want to remember a particular quote, I can just refer back to my Goodreads updates. 
When I used to read physical books I loved to use 3M's Post-it flags. The come in multiple colors and one half is transparent. This way you never cover any text!

This is how I did it:

- **choose flag** according to color code
- **apply the flag** where the paragraph/sentence begins
- write a **reference number** on the flag
- write down the number + my **comments on an empty book page**


Using this method I can look for all my comments on a single page and jump to the referenced flag.
If I liked the book or parts of it stuck out to me, I remember (even nearly 20 years later).

If I didn't like it, or it was boring, I might forget that I've even read it as little as a year or a few months after reading. 

But I also read the entire Dune series in maybe 3 months (I had to work and live, too). 
Sometimes when reading ebooks on my phone I'll take a screenshot of the parts that stick out. I recently read Leslie Stahl's **Becoming Grandma** and would text parts of my husband prefaced with, "can you believe this shit?!"
Same problem here. 

But actually I enjoy it. Means I can re-read a book and still have pleasure doing it, because I don't remember much!
This title is the type of thing I'd expect to get posted in /r/bookscirclejerk.
Have you ever tried a Kindle? Got one a few months ago, have not wanted to go back. 

- Notes are so much easier to take and export. 

- There's really no reason to throw it in your bag when you go somewhere, it's small and holds thousands of books. 

- And you can look up words via dictionary, Wikipedia, google translate by simply highlighting the word while you're reading.

The only problem with a kindle has been that there are still books where physical copy is superior. Books with lots of graphics or photos in particular such as photography, design, or programming books is the issues I've ran into. I just buy the physical copy then. 

Audiobooks are also great, just hard to take notes on them. Car rides, doing dishes, etc. though, they're perfect.

I had a system for taking notes with my physical books but it was getting so time consuming and this has been a convenient solution. 
I read the books first - couldn't finish the books, did finish the movies.
So I only saw the first movie, not the 2nd or 3rd (other than the brief clips in trailers and such).

I started reading the books and I'm more lenient towards the movies. I'm not sure if its just YA-novel writing but the reading seems.... lite? I felt the there was more in-depth-ness (is that a word?) in the movies.

Oh well, imagination is a curious thing.
I saw the first movie when I was home sick one day, and decided to read the books. At the time, none of the other movies had been released, but I did like the first book more than the movie. I think the third book is contentious -- a lot of people were upset with how it ended (pretty typical for series anyway imo), but the movies just went downhill from the first one haha! I am generally very lenient with movie adaptations. If I liked the book, I usually like the movies too, so maybe I'm not the best judge :P
I saw the first movie and thought it was okay, so I picked up the first book but I didn't like it and stopped reading after a couple of chapters. I haven't seen the other movies in the series.

I don't think I'm the target audience though, being in my 40s, and while I've read and enjoyed quite a lot of YA books, something about the main character really annoyed me. Didn't bother me in a 2 hour movie, but not something I want to spend hours reading.
I read the first 2 booka and thought they had a lot of promise but got bogged down too much in the teenage drama aspect.  

I watched the first film only as I couldn't stand it.

I'd say they're like a more teenage drama version of the Hunger Games series tbh.
Fuck no!...didnt even see all the movies...think i got tricked into seeing one of them.
I disagree rather vehemently with this article, primarily because the author seems to think that writers automatically condone what they write into their stories and characters. Not so. Yes, Winston from 1984 was a flawed character. He was designed that way. As was Alex from A Clockwork Orange, Bernard Marx in Brave New World, Ender from Ender's Game, Will Navidson in House of Leaves, Adam in East of Eden, and so on. They are devices used to relate a story or idea, and often not an ideal set forward as an example to follow.
So we should ignore great literary works just because they have very slight hints of sexism?
It's been a while since I've read tCitR, but doesn't he talk about girls being 'dumb' in one of his "phony" rants? Like that's what guys like, and girls like guys, so girls play dumb and helpless. Also, isn't the innocence and virtue reflected on his sister riding the merry-go-round, because she's like fucking ten or something?

Also, their argument for 1984 is comical that it's actually just "I didn't like the main character"
From the article:

>Salinger [...] still doesn't provide us with any fully-fleshed out female characters to give their own opinions.

>Orwell might be a great writer when it comes to social commentary, but Julia is a pretty flimsy character.

>Women as a group fare even worse in Margaret Atwood's future dystopia, but the female characters are far better written.

I'd like to have some clarification regarding these parts, as I am a bit confused.

Is a failure to include well-written female characters in a novel inherently sexist?

I must admit, I don't know how to answer this question. Two things that came to my mind:

* Who decides whether a female character is well-written? Isn't any judgement concerning this subjective in most cases?

* Now, I'm a Caucasian male in my mid 20s. As such, I will never know what it's like to be a woman. Let's say I write a novel. Would it be inherently sexist, since I can only write about the world from the point of view I was born in?

* Expanding on point 2: Let's say I'd be uncomfortable with including a female character in my novel *precisely because* I can never hope to accurately portray a female character. Under these circumstence, would the book be sexist?

Anyone willing to share their thoughts?

Just to clarify: of course I'm not against including female characters in novels.
This article is way too sensitive. I get what they're trying to say, but to just ignore 5 of the greatest books of all time because of a hint of sexism is dumb in my opinion
What kind of high school assigns lolita??
Click bait for angry academics.

DOWNVOTE TO HELLLLLLLLLL!!!!! 
This... is just stupid and really unnecessary.  
First, there is something to be said about the times that they were written. The *hurts my feelings* books range from like 1850 to 1955 while with the exclusion of Orlando which was originally written in 1928, the *walking on eggshells* books are from 1963 to 2003. No shit the old ones may or may not be a little sexist.  
  
Second, a book like catcher in the rye was meant to tell a story or paint a picture, whatever. If you look at a painting of a hamburger, and you get mad you don't see a hotdog, it's not the painters fault. 
More "right think" nonsense attempting to makr sure everyone thinks the same and suppresses anything not in line with such thoughts.

How quaint, another nobody telling everyone else what is "right" and should be done.
Why not have them read all 10?
Catcher in the Rye -> Bell Jar. Shouldn't read either of them in class. They're both easy enough to read on your own.

Lolita -> Reading Lolita in Tehran. Ditto.

1984 -> The Handmaid's Tale. Tritto.

The Sun Also Rises -> Orlando by Virginia Woolf. Read both.

The Scarlet Letter -> The God of Small Things. Only read the Scarlet Letter. I hated it, but it's a classic, and the God of Small Things isn't.
I don't know how I escaped it but I haven't read any but a couple of those. And I read 1984 on my own. Not as an assignment. 
Some of us read all of them in high school. Margaret Atwood, not so much.
I think the author of the article does herself a disservice by creating a list of books rather than focusing on the books as a collection. IMO the problem she identifies (a lack of good, multi-dimensional female characters) is much easier to see when you're looking at a curriculum that is only filled with books that feature male protagonists. Whether this problem actually exists in reality is hard to say. When I was in high school we did in fact read books that star female leads (The Handmaid's Tale, State of Wonder, Anil's Ghost), but I can definitely believe that somewhere out there english high school students are only reading novels with male protagonists. 

I think that the cause of this problem isn't that *female* side characters are typically one-dimensional, but that side characters themselves are typically one-dimensional and exist only to serve some purpose to the main character. Which is why I believe books like *Catcher in the Rye* and *The Sun Also Rises* are still good books to read when looked at individually (which is what I think a lot of commentors are currently doing)
This author is full of shit. The thing is, most of the author's selected novels seem to include sexism/women's treatment as one of the defining themes of the book (noted: I haven't read them - Spark Notes). That's not what the originals were ABOUT. They may have had sexism, but that was not a central theme of these books. Not every book needs to have a stance on sexism to be worth reading or studying as there is more to human life than that, and this author obviously doesn't understand that. Like seriously, how is Lolita anything like Reading Lolita in Terahn?

(Also noted: nothing against her chosen books, they do their own thing, and probably well. They're just not substitutes as per her description. If she wants to advocate teaching about sexism, arbitrarily comparing to books obviously not about sexism is idiotic and does nothing to help her.)
I won't comment on the rest of the list but this part on Lolita:

> Oy. Do I even have to explain this one? I understand that Nabokov himself (hopefully) doesn't condone Humbert Humbert's actions, and it's possible to find a feminist reading in the novel if you think about it as the portrait of a predator... but still. There's an awful lot of romanticizing pedophilia going on here. No thanks.

What?  First off, I doubt there's any high school that has made Lolita required reading.  But, more importantly, "romanticizing pedophilia"?  The only way someone could believe that is if they've never actually read the book and are relying on pop culture knowledge of it or if they're a pedophile.  The novel never shies away from the fact that Humbert Humbert is a monster and that there's nothing normal about his "relationship" with Lolita.
Who cares if the author was sexist? A good book is a good book.

I'm sure nearly all the European renaissance artists were sexist and racist (as nearly everyone was at the time), does that mean we can't enjoy their art?


I just read the article. It made me throw up a little in the back of my mouth.
Some pretty good choices, actually. Especially for high school. Most adults seem to miss the point of Lolita, which you understand immediately from pretty much every single cover of the book, so I don't hold out much hope that high schools are examining all the things they need to in the book.

There's so much dudelit in school and men get very upset when you suggest that white male experiences are not actually universal. What do you mean perpetrating violent rape isn't universal?! 
Why did you read *three* of them? 
Because people have different tastes and preferences and that's perfectly okay.
I feel like lately, ESPECIALLY with YA books, Ive been reading the same things over and over again. 
Its the same dystopian novel, the same fantasy story over and over again. Ive tried to expand quite a bit and Ive succeeded, buts its not easy. I feel like the reason why Maas is so popular is because she writes what a lot of YA readers are comfortable with (which is perfectly fine) but, her writing doesn't have to be GREAT or anything, because its just the same YA story retold with different characters and a bit of a different location. 
Again, nothing wrong with that, and maybe I have just become tired of YA, but Ive found that to be the case with a lot of "BESTSELLERS" in the YA community. But hey, that's my 2 cents. 
When I read Throne of Glass, it was something refreshing. YA is typically the genre I read most, and I was tired of all the repetitive stories and censored crap. I wanted something a bit more mature, but still had that YA fun. 

Maas pretty much gave me that. I enjoy her characters, some really fantastic ones that come in later books are my favourites. 

She's also just a good person. I met her at a book signing, and she had me in tears from laughing so much. She's fucking hilarious. 

Plus, she had written Throne of Glass when she was 16, and that blew my mind. I was like damn, if she can become a bestseller, so can 
It's a similar reason to why people like Twilight.

It hones in on the fan-girl squad, develops a cult following which then becomes an indie hit that proceeds to be hipster mainstream and then all hail the bandwagoning.

That being said, I haven't read Throne of Glass though I probably will when the series actually ends. I read Court of Thorns & Roses as part of a book club and it was ... meh?

Guess I've just reached the age where YA really doesn't appeal to me as much.
U.S.A. person here. In the context of that table on page 4, I think they're just talking about normal books for full-grown adults, that don't fall into any of  the other categories (such as professional books or religious books or education textbooks). So a normal bestselling novel or nonfiction book would fall in their "Adult Books" category.

I don't think the term "Entertainment literature" has any connection or connotation with erotica, but I could be wrong.
I would assume "Adult Books" means porn.
For me it took about 1/3 of it to get the humor and then I just died of laughter from then on.  One of the few books I will re-read.
You sort of have to readjust your focus while reading the book. In addition to playing hopscotch with the order of events, the humor is often rather hidden. You find sentences veering off in unexpected directions, humor through progressively warped reiteration, and punchlines far removed from the setups.
  
Humor is of course subjective, so it might simply be that this isn't your thing. If you're gonna stick with it, I suggest paying close attention. Heller doesn't announce his jokes with a drum roll.
  
If you do come to enjoy it, I highly suggest re-reading it. You are bound to find things you missed the last time.
Don't try to figure out how each chapter and each character fit into any sort of larger narrative. Just read each chapter as its own mini story. If you come across a character you don't remember, it's really not crucial to the point of the entire novel. 
I think what a few people have said really work. My advice is to not view it as an ordinary book. The story that is all jumbled up is one of them. Towards the middle and the end the story seems to all come together in the sense that like you start getting a sense of a timeline of how things went down (at least i did). As for the humor, for me, a large theme of this book is him satirizing the absurdity of war in the form of comedy and quirky events throughout the book. It might not help you, but I think it helped me out a lot when i thought of it like that. I stopped reading it and read it over and after that it became my all time favorite book, so I hope you fall in love with it as I and many others have! 

Also I highly recommend reading Slaughterhouse Five by Kurt Vonnegut next. Both should be required reading, but its far more impactful reading them back to back as they both tackle the same subject in both similar and distinctly different ways. 
I read Catch 22 last year and I absolutely loved it. I took it as very deadpan humor and a few of the parts had me laughing like crazy. It is definitely, definitely worth it. Stick with it!
It's a struggle at the beginning but stick with it. Everyone is mean and weird but keep going. Just force yourself to get through it. It will all click together in a moment of heartbreaking perfection and you'll understand why the book is a big deal. I don't even think it's that funny, but it is brilliant. Or else you'll have just checked an American classic off the list and you never have to read it again. 
Well, in my mind it was from the perspective of a guy who's been fucked up by war. He finds seriousness in a brittle B-follows-A kind of way. That's why the narrative doesn't roll chronologically. Picture an old man, trying to tell you the tales of the war. He's already a good six beers in and remembering the good parts, the strange parts, and hiding the horrible parts. The reason it doesn't make sense most of the time is actually the message Hellar was trying to tell about war. The motives don't always make sense and things that seem hilarious are deadly serious. He avoids talking about what the Snowden's 'secret' is until he's fishing for that second six-pack, because that's the only way he can get through it. This was my first anti-war book and still my favorite. Finish it. You will not regret this. Finish it a second time and you really begin to hate the kind of motivations that move a nation to war. Each character has his own motivation and you see that the real reason for war is almost never what gets stated.
I never took the book as "plot driven" experience. The first chapters are like the tour of a madhouse. I believe the author wants to highlight the absurdity of war.

The final fourth of the book has an actual plot and an a proper ending. Stick with it.

My recommendation: enjoy the language games and logical tricks. Milo is specially funny
It is not a "today" style, but the concepts well worth it, and much funny if you can make yourself keep going. That said, if it's only for fun, and you are not having fun. stop.
I just read this.  This helped me understand a bit what was going on: http://www.sparknotes.com/lit/catch22/section1.rhtml

What sections are you having issues with or feel like you are missing what makes it a classic? 
It all benefits the syndicate.
The beginning is confusing. It's not linear and the main themes aren't explained until the end. Keep going. It's worth it.
Keep going, the humor will click and it'll win you over.. Yossarian is my dude! If you enjoy it, check out A Confederacy of Dunces by John Kennedy Toole after.. it's just amazing..
I think I need to pick this book up again when I am a little older. Not that I'm very young, I was 30 when I read it. But I think it calls for a certain inherent cynicism and world weariness that I just didn't have when I read it. I got the point, I found it readable, but I didn't have the love for it that many proclaim to feel. 
I actually started it myself yesterday.

Took a while to really enjoy it, had to be in a specific mindset. It actually helped when I slowed it down and then read it with an accent in my head.

Think of a high-James Franco narrating it.
I cant recommend the audiobook on Audible enough!  Does so well bringing the characters to life and all the book's great satire humor. (Narrated by **Trevor White**) 

I will definately reread the book next year. It was amazing. 
I love this book, just go with the flow, the only thing that matters is whether what you are reading has happened before or after one particular event in the novel. Don't get bogged down by the exact order of things, you will be able to tell what is before and after by the way the characters act.
Love Catch-22 and have read it multiple times. If it helps - I got a friend who was ex-Air Force and I remember him laughing and saying those circular, pointless conversations were exactly how you talk when you're stressed and incredibly sleep deprived. Until he said that it didn't click - I just assumed the author was being absurd. Might help you connect to the story a bit?
It is a fairly derivative story.
Read a few more and you might come up with something really profound
People still read. It's just diversified with the advent of e-readers/tablets, fiction that is written solely for online audiences and longform prose.

I know that my group of friends all read physical books, and they're happy if I recommend a book or give them something from my library.
Eh. Stories and knowledge have evolved. 

I read all the time, I constantly learn, I experience stories and art daily. I just don't need books for that anymore. 

Reading is important, but not necessarily the medium. 
I didn't notice this. I was in class yesterday, in the corner 3 of us had reading materials with us just thrown out in front of us on the tables. At the lab where I am apprentice I discovered 3 book lovers just in the room where I sit (we have like 3 others, one very elite, I am 100% sure they are readers).  
My mother goes to yoga with a bunch of other ladies, they keep trading their books between each other. 
So? Why is that a problem? People are free to choose and enjoy their own medium.

If I weren't as stupid as I was I would watch more tv/movies/youtube.
The internet has voided the need for so many bookshops. Reading is still going on. I enjoy reading a lot, but don't meet so many people reading what I read. In order to have regular book chats with people, it's my opinion you'd have to read about magic, time travel, space or books that have become films or tv shows.
I love reading books. But I move very often in my job so carrying them around every 6 months isn't feasible. I'll still make it a point to buy books maybe 4 times a year and bring the ones I like home to keep in my parents house. I get most of my books online these days, on a Kindle app from my phone. A rainy day ,a good book and a excellent cup of tea is still my favourite way to spend the weekend
I WANT to, I really do. Reading just feels like a chore to me, like something I have to finish. When I watch TV or movies, I can just relax.  But I really do want to love books and reading.
Yeah because reading books is for snobs nerds and old people. That's exactly what people think in my town. Yeah times change that's true but people don't evolve they are getting sucked by the social media, the stupid articles they read on them and day after day they are becoming dumber. While the internet has brought the knowledge easier to access people tend to use to it just for the wrong reasons.
Nobody I know reads. And every time I mention a book to a friend or relative I get a lot of subject-changes, and "uh-huhs." But, I don't know if this is anything new or not. When I was growing up it always seemed like every kid I knew felt reading was a chore.
It's sad. A lot of people don't like the time investment it takes when reading good material. They want quick, short and to the point of what they are learning. I do wish others understood the value of reading a full book. It teaches so much.
Technology has provided us with stuff to occupy us, but people still read books, like at my school, there is a group of kids who read an entire series together and I like to read books too.
I think this is a non-argument.

People still love to read, and whoever doesn't love to read now would probably still not love to read if smartphones and youtube weren't around. Tv shows, movies, and any other medium aren't "stealing" people who would have read books otherwise. 

Some media just work better for some people, and all media are a legitimate way to tell a story/spread knowledge. 
Don't make assumptions about what people are doing when staring at their phones. Although I've now back to reading mostly physical books, for a few years I read mostly e-books, and once I got a phone with a six-inch screen, that was my primary ereader. So if I had my phone out, at least half the time I was reading a book.

And I also don't talk about books. Sure, I'll post here (and on other book-related subs) occasionally, but otherwise it's just not something I talk about, even to friends who I know also read a lot, some of whom read many of the same books I do. It's a solitary pastime, a private pleasure.

Of course, it's also a question of the people around you.
Thought McCrystal was the warrior Monk. This guy was called 'mad dog' 
Mad dog is the man
This thread has been locked due to multiple rule violations.

If you choose to participate in this subreddit, please take a minute to read our [rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/Books/wiki/rules). 
I deeply respect Morrison as an author, so I'm confused that anyone would feel the need to criticize her choice of topics and theme after like 50 years of writing. "People write about their life and perspective" has gotta be writing rule #2 after, "You use words."
What a terrible and confusing article. Poorly written, mixing the tale of the author, her works, her newest work, and the massive subject of race in America.
One of the best things about being a writer is that you can write about whatever the hell you want, however you want, and you never have to apologize for it, because you are writing for people who like your work, not for people who don't. 
I don't know if the article is just that poorly written, or if people want to misunderstand her, but these comments are crazy. 
This is not an accurate quote OP. It takes some serious gall to edit Morrison.
Why are we sharing news articles that are over a year old? Also, I'm pretty sure this was posted here when it initially came out. 
What prompted her to say this? All authors write from their life experience why did she feel like she had to clarify this? I've never thought to myself, "Toni Morrison needs to write more white guy books" because that would be daft.
Super unrelated, but this reminded me of high school. My buddies and I would write in Toni Morrison anytime we didn't know an answer in AP Lit. The teacher thought it was funny when she'd get tests back that said Toni Morrison, even though we never discussed her work. Good times.
Rhetorical triangle people - audience, purpose, and appeal. Not all novels are written for all audiences. 
Like I always say: Write for yourself. If you write for someone else you will be dissatisfied with your work. Writing has to have your emotions, and your thoughts put into it. You shouldn't try to mimic someone else to satiate an audience you have never met.
If I'm going to be honest, I'm not sure the average American in general has that much in common with Tolstoy. 
You may not be writing for me, a 25 year old white girl, but I absolutely love your works.
The self indulgent and pretentious always make bold statements like this.

She is an average writer at best, and just because she writes about the oppression of black people does not make her safe from critics of any color.

Most her work is incoherent, and her self-comparison to Tolstoy is beyond laughable.
Saul Bellow, who is the much better writer, didn't think she deserved the Nobel. He was correct. 
I had no idea she was from Lorain, Ohio. You would think more people would talk about and have pride in that...
Her reaction to the election featured in The New Yorker is worth a read: http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2016/11/21/making-america-white-again

EDIT: Downvoted by racists? lol..
That's about the most racist thing I've read lately.

So, basically, if you are white, her books are not for you. But Tolstoy is only for white people and not for eight-year-old black girls in Loisiana. For that matter, I don't know any eight-year-old who can read Tolstoy.
It wasn't that he wasn't writing for you, Toni, it's that he was writing for himself and his people's experiences, just like you're doing. Also, Black authors had books out when you were 14.
She is racist, pure and simple. If people don't start speaking up about what the left is doing NO ONE is going to take real racism seriously. You can't give one side a pass. Those days are over. 
Cool, but don't compare yourself to Tolstoy. 
Oh please. Tolstoy wrote for everybody.
And now i am imagining a Tyler Perry War and Peace blacksploitation. Madia as Napoleon ?
[removed]
I write for white atheists only.
I don't think Tolstoy was writing for her 14-year old self, considering that he had been dead for 35 years.
[removed]
The definitive BB.
Quite a shock. I read Felicia's Journey and Lucy Gault ages ago plus some of his short stories. Loved his work but he's someone I read at a certain point in my life, like McEwan, and a few others but not much anymore.
Fantastic writer; intelligent, insightful, funny, decent and humane. He was a master craftsman.
https://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/5e4mfm/writer_william_trevor_dies_aged_88/

dafuq
Ya very sad!!He was great writer
You need a library card from another library. If you have a childhood library card, you may be able to renew that. Register with your college library (if you have one, and if they work with Overdrive. Mine offers lifetime membership but isn't in OD), or, if you're in college, register with a local library as well (and renew the card as needed). Finally, renew cards with whatever places you have lived. You may need to show up in person and "confirm" your address, but it may well be worth it.

There are also some libraries with pay-membership; you can buy access from anywhere, but...you have to pay money.
I live in an area that has reciprocity between library systems, so I have the possibility of using three different accounts (but I only use two). The offerings do indeed differ (as do the wait times!) 

So -- if you live somewhere that allows you to get into multiple library systems, it's easy!
Yeah! I have four libraries that I belong to and they all have overdrive access. You just add a library the way you did at the beginning. You can't browse all the holdings at once though, so if you're looking for a book you have to look through each library's offerings separately.
Librarian here, you're correct in that you can't do an "inter-library loan" with an ebook. However you can get around the system by having library cards with other library systems. Some larger city libraries allow people who live in the state to get a library card. I'm in Massachusetts, and anyone who lives in the state can get a Boston Public Library card. If you have any relatives in other cities, see if you can use their library card info to get Overdrive materials. Since there are no fines associated with Overdrive, they shouldn't have a problem with it. 

You can now "suggest a purchase" on the new Overdrive site. Depending on the budget of your local library, they may purchase a book if you ask. Finally, look into Hoopla as well and see if your library has it. It's similar to Overdrive but everything is always available so there is no waiting and there are movies, tv shows, and music along with books and audiobooks. They also have an amazing collection of comics. 

I'm always happy to hear people are using and liking Overdrive! 
In short, he's the reason we're using the English we're using now. If it wasn't for him we'd be stuck in ye olde English and words like arouse, dauntless, lackluster, impede, torture, label and lonely wouldn't have been around.

He existed in a time when English wasn't as developed.
Because he's just the greatest writer in the language. Maybe any language. It's almost unreal. 

What language are you reading him in?

To unpack that would require more than a response on Reddit, but I'll throw some tidbits:

From Harold Bloom (who worships Shakespeare):

- "If I could question any dead author, it would be Shakespeare, and I would not waste my seconds by asking the identity of the Dark Lady or the precisely nuanced elements of homoeroticism in the relationship with Southhampton (or another). Naively, I would blurt out: did it comfort you to have fashioned woman and men more real than living men and women? (Harold Bloom, Genius, p. 18)."

- "I am always astonished that he employed more than twenty-one thousand separate words. Of these, he invented roughly one out of the twelve: about eighteen hundred coinages, many of them now in common use. Racine, superbly practicing an art antithetical to Shakespeare's, used two thousand words, not many more than Shakespeare coined."

And this blog post adds some (there is no shortage of "why Shakespeare was so great" material out there):

- http://rayharvey.org/index.php/2010/02/is-shakespeare-all-that/






To me the blossom of meaning from simple premises of his plays makes him great. Combined with his skills for composition of course. 
No one can grasp what Hamlet is all about, it defies any sort of analysis on all levels, this play will still be talked about in 150 years time when the last people left alive are dying. 
Knowing Shakespeare has become the default way to distinguish between educated people and ignorant fucks.
The short answer is that William Shakespeare is responsible in a big way for the way we read and write today. He is credited with being the first writer to use prose in his writings. This meant it was more accessible to the common rabble than many if not all works prior. His works were also in many ways commentary on the social, economical, and political climate of his time.

His characters were extremely human and more nuanced than what was common at the time. This meant they were more relatable. He broke every convention in the book, even going so far as to create his own words! He literally thought the English language did not have enough words to express what he wanted to and so he made words up, thousands in fact. Thousands of which we still use today! Fabulous words like "obscene," "addiction," and "blushing." He is the definition of thinking outside the box. His work actually changed the way we speak, think, read, and write because he was so much more accessible and relatable to the common people, where most prior works of literature were intended for the rich and educated. 

I'm pulling all this info from my memory of my Shakespeare classes in uni many years ago so I may be a little off but that's the gist of it, I believe. 
No. Whatever works for you. Key thing is you're reading and setting goals.
Do whatever works for you. I usually recommend that people who are just getting into reading set a time limit for themselves, like read 30 min before you going to bed or something similar, but setting a page limit also works. 

I wonder though, do you ever read past the limit you set for yourself if you are really into the book?
I'm a chapter-reader. Read a chapter, spend a minute thinking about what happened and how I feel about it, set a goal to finish the next chapter. I find I remember a lot more this way.

Really, as long as you're reading and enjoying it, it doesn't matter what tricks and tips you use on the way.
If it works for you, why worry about it?
As a video game (achievement) addict, I need to track my progress to Goodreads.com to keep active with my reading.

Can't improve what you don't measure.
I've been an avid reader throughout my life, and I generally have a page minimum goal for each day that I have to reach before I let myself watch television. As much as I enjoy reading once I start, it's easy to leave my book on the table once it's closed. I have to kind of make myself read the first little bit then I'm back into it and engaged. If something like that works for you too, then go with it.
As everyone else says do what works for you. One day you will find a book and instead of "just another page and I can finish"  it will become "I will only read one more page then I really must stop" usually said for about five or six pages before you actually put the book down. 
I used to give every book 100 pages to try and "sell" me on it.

Now I'm old and grumpy. You get two, maybe three chapters, or I'm done with you.
Yes it's wrong you belong in book jail 
Why would it be wrong?
If I'm reading something I have to read till the end of the chapter. If just so I know where I'm at when I can start again.
No, who cares? 
Nah, do what motivates you. It's not like a novel will always grab your attention the second you sit down with it, it does take effort to get immersed at the start of a session so setting a goal can be nicely motivating. 

I like to put my bookmark at the end of the chapter I'm reading and aim to get there, personally - same concept. 
*There are no reading police.*
Yes, I've informed the police.
You wanted my thoughts? Here you go. "Wrong" is a ridiculous word to throw around haphazardly and use to judge yourself by, and far too many people do it. Make choices that cause comfort and happiness for you, do things the way you like to, and stop calling yourselves wrong for doing so! 
I can't say about others but for me the pinnacle of a reading experience is when you have no idea how many pages you've just read. Turning pages becomes almost subconscious. It's only when I pause for a moment that I realise 'Holy shit, I just finished a hundred pages.'

However, some books are noticeably tougher to get through so reading goals are pragmatic. Although tbf, the argument of don't do what you don't enjoy has some merit to it.
Sometimes even I don't know if I am reading to read or reading to have read, that is, reading so I can brag (mostly to myself) that I read X pages and read Y book. Is that similar? I suppose it extends to more than just reading in my case but that is another thing entirely.
Ugh how *dare* you enjoy a recreational activity the way you want to?!

Nah brah you keep doing you.
Well, I grew up with both video games and books around, and the two became completely separate things. In books I am drowned - if I can't force myself to get out I can read for hours with no problems. In video games I can't stand sandboxes. Freedom is more of a curse for me there - I just don't know what to do. I always need a goal there.

Either one is fine, if it gets you where you need to go. I use books as a kind of a "wait" option like in TES games (press T to wait). I read in subway, buses, planes. I read when I have a lot of free time and nothing else to do with it. And of course, I read on the toilet. 
Whatever works for you to motivate you to read, if this works for you then that's great.  

Personally I just read until I start getting tired (I read before bed mostly) and the only time I set 'goals' are actually for the opposite reason as you;  it's when I can't put a book down because it's so good, so I will tell myself that at the end of the next chapter/or next page break, I will put the book down. Or else I could be reading until like 3am.
Hey guys is it wrong for me to set a goal to promote a good habit?
Yes. It's absolutely morally wrong. You're a monster...but I love it. I can't get enough of you. 
It is very wrong. You should repent your sins immediately.
This is the big dilemma you're facing right now?
I do that sometimes, other times it makes me hate it because I force myself to keep reading even if I get bored or wanna do something else 
Some books are a pleasure to read, some a challenge, others a test of endurance. What's important is that you're getting something out of reading it; if you read 3 pages and you can't remember what you just read, slow down, stop and think about what you read occasionally. You'll get a lot more out of your book and feel less exhausted if you do mini-reviews as you go.
I don't think there is anything wrong with what you've described! 
As long as you truly enjoy it read however you want.
Yes it's wrong, how dare you, stop immediately. Of course it's not wrong. Do what you got to do. 
Oh my, a post I have experience with. When I have trouble reading a book I have these "bookmarkers" that I use along with my traditional bookmarker. I mark 25%, 50% and 75% of the book. 

It motivates me. Only 15 pages to 25%, woot! I just hit 75% read, home stretch!

I also took the goodreads.com challenge of reading 50 books in 52 weeks. You can pick any amount of books to read in a year. I made bookmarkers that say day 1 - day 7. If I want to read a book in 5 days, I divide it up before I start. It helps whenever I have down time, I know I have 8 pages until I am done with day two reading.

It gives me a sense of accomplishment and for me it makes a nonfiction book seem a little less intimidating.
Everyone is different.  I think what you're doing is great, and welcome to the world of books!  I do something like this if I'm reading something difficult and dense, aka "serious" literature -- I will force myself to push on through difficult passages.  Otherwise though if I'm just reading easier books for fun I just breeze through a book and don't even think about it.  However I have read books for fun all my life so it's easier for me.  If you keep it up you should eventually get to a point where it's just second nature and you won't have to set these goals anymore.
Yes. You should aim to read in multiples of seven plus your age minus the number of living grandparents you have. (7x + age - living grandparents) 

If you don't do this, any dead grandparents will zombiefy and hunt you down. If all grandparents are living, disregard, but, remember. 
Is it a bad thing that I thought, in the title, you were talking about a target # page of Reddit?

/facepalm
Whatever works for you. I sometimes do this with books that aren't as much fun but that I want to complete. I don't usually need to when I really enjoy a book - usually it's the opposite and I have to limit myself.

My only suggestion would be to reconsider what you're reading. Self help books are one thing, but when it's fiction, allow yourself to choose what interests you. I think some new readers get ideas about what they "should" read but you can save that for later.
I don't think any strategy that gets you to read more is wrong. I have the same problem so I make a cup of tea or something and I'm not allowed to stop reading until it's gone, but by then I'm already pretty into the book and can continue without the rule. But that rule makes it a lot easier for me to pick up a book.
Why would it be wrong?  You read however you want to read.  Frankly, I think that this is a stupid question.
Not if you enjoy the books. I'll give you two different thoughts on this since I do this myself quite a lot.

1. In essence, I think it's a pragmatic habit. The moment I start a book, I ask myself how long it will take me to finish it. Not because I want to get it over with, but because I want to take it in while it's fresh and while I'm not already interested in 10 other books (which is a whole different issue). 

2. It's completely normal to think that way if you're only starting to read for fun. I started reading heavily again 4-5 years ago and it hasn't always been easy. I still remember being proud of myself for reading some 60 pages from *The Hunger Games* in one sitting. You do have to force the issue a bit when it comes to read and developing a habit.

So all in all, no, it's not wrong, but make sure you don't mistake that for not liking a book. Then it's time to look for a different one.
Absolutely not. I do the same thing. It's cool.
I used to use chapter method. Nowadays i kinda read as much as i can.
Reading is for fun. Why the need to set goals?
If it's wrong, I don't want to be right!
I use my Kindle so I tell myself to get to a certain percent done before I can give in to my ADD.
I usually read until I get bored, and then I check how much there is left until next chapter and if it is closer than 5 pages than I would go to it, it it's more then I will read couple of pages. But whatever works as long as you enjoy reading. Even if you want to flip the book upside down on every prime number it would be fine.
Recently I had a bunch of requests at the library, and of course they all arrived within a few days. I had to set daily quotas so that I could (a) actually finish reading them, and (b) not ruin the pleasure by rushing. Now they're read, back at the library, and I'm reading a magazine from July.
Absolutely not. Don't let the people here who read fast make you feel inferior. Reading fast is not the objective. The idea behind reading is to let the words wash over you, use your imagination, and let the book change your life. If you have to push yourself through the book (like I had to do with Wings of the Dove) it's not your fault it's the writer's fault for making a book that tortuous to his/her readers.
eh, I think it's fine. I've always enjoyed reading (well, since I was 8 anyhow) and I do that to this day. goals are fine, whether it's to motivate you (which is a noble cause) or simply to set points to stop at to allow information digestion. anyway, just keep doing you :) 
I do the same thing. Here is my set: 10 pages per session, 2x a day.
I think a good book should compel you to read it, it's ok to start 10 books and only finish one. Many people feel guilty about abandoning a book and therefore hate reading because they get stuck on crappy books.

We will quickly flip from a poor tv show, but feel a different obligation to a book, IMO learning to enjoy reading as an adult, to have to get past the readers guilt thing.
That's not wrong, my father always told me to divide the number of pages by the number of days. 
E.g: your book has 500 pages, you want/have to read it in 5 days : 500/5= 100 pages a day. 
I use that for college too and it's really helpfull. 
For myself, a good book should wrap you up enough that you don't even realize the page or time.
However, I think it's great that you are getting into reading so you do what works for you.
But how about a timer instead? Make a certain amount of time your goal and increase it as you go.  I would think if you're constantly looking at what page you're on, it would be distracting, making it hard for you to get into the story.
Oh honey this is a good mindset if it helps you.  Its how they teach kids to read in my state.  So I don't see how it could hurt anything.  For me, I always give myself until the end of the chapter if I know that I have a short time to read.  If I have longer, I don't limit myself.  I'm an avid reader.  Between 2014-now I think I've read roughly 100 different books and a couple I read over again.
As an English Lit student I do this quite a lot, especially with books that don't interest me.
I'm not sure there is a "right" mindset. The way you speak of reading is how I feel about  exercise, and that is 100% okay. Personally, with more difficult books, I most certainly set a goal for that session. For easier reads I actually try to limit it and draw the book out because I've read some books in a day or so which can feel rushed.
If you're reading for self-improvement, then of course there's nothing wrong with setting a page goal per session.  We do the same thing when we physically exercise, don't we?

But I do think you should try to coax yourself toward the point that you just read for whatever length of time feels intuitive for that session. You'll enjoy it more, ultimately. But don't stress about it. Just keep doing what you're doing and eventually it'll happen on its own, I think.
As a writer, I sometimes have to set goals of getting to a certain page, finishing a chapter, outlining a chapter etc. I find it hilarious to think that a future reader would set reading goals which align with my writing goals. 
I love books, but I find it very hard to read when it isn't summer. The darkness make me slow and tired and usually fall asleep instead of reading.

I often do a similar thing that you say, make a goal for me. It also very much depends on the book, some book I enjoy but is hard to make your way through, other the hours just run away.

There are no rules with reading, no achievements just you and a good story. Read the way that you are comfortable with.
You absolute madman, you're lucky I'm not calling the internet police on your wild antics.
There's nothing wrong with this. :)
i feel like a time goal or limit makes more sense if you want to force yourself to get into it
There's no wrong way to read a book.  



Except flipping to the last page first to see how it ends. That's just plain wrong.
Whatever works for you.
Depending on the book, and when I actually sit down and read, I try to make myself finish one complete chapter.
I adhere to one rule - when my eyelids are drooping I tend to stop but having a page goal eh - up to you - as long as you still enjoy reading.
There's nothing wrong with motivating yourself to read. I do the page goal thing all the time.
I almost always go into reading with page goals. Which is why I greatly appreciate books with many chapter/part breaks.

But of course you don't want your reading goals to take over the pleasure of reading. This is advice I need to get better at taking myself.
If it's dry material I wouldn't blame you. I'm an economics and math major and when you're reading dry academic papers that are rambling on for a million pages then setting a page goal is the only way to get through. 

Also trust me when I say neither mathematicians nor economists know how to get to the point in the fastest way possible. 
What's wrong is that we still read books that don't inspire us to hit those page counts regardless.
I think it's a great idea. I really do well when I'm working toward some kind of goal. You can always go past the goal. 
I hope not. I do this all the time. 
before I went back to school and was just working full time, I made the goal of reading one book a month. I divided the number of pages by the number of days in the month, and tried to stick to that. I never read anything really massive, so it was usually under 20pp a night which is manageable. Some weekends i'd read more, take some nights off during the week as needed. Hope this helps!
I try to make a time to read daily during the week. So I get up an hour before I have to leave for work, enjoy a cup of coffee and read a chapter. It's kind of like my moment of zen before a typically busy day. But like most have said, whatever works for you is probably your best method. 
I do this sometimes
Right and wrong are subjective terms. If it works for you and doesn't harm anyone else (and I mean really how could it), it can't really be wrong. If it doesn't work, it's the wrong approach for you. It's that simple.
I always tried to give a book a chance but after 100 pages of Atlas Shrugged I felt zero qualms about bailing out. 
Keep it simple. 
Read at least 20 minutes a day. 

Amazing how much you'll get through in a year with that plan. 
You should aim to at least give your chance to get into the book. I will often begin reading and for some reason or another not get into it. I'll then pick up where I left off the next day and allow myself to get into it and I'm off.
If it is, I don't wanna be right.
I divide a book total page number by 10 and decide to read 10% every time, assuming it isn't over say...300 pages. Then I do 5%. I finish a book every 10 or 20 days that way, on average
I'm dead set on reading 30 books in 2017, and for the sake of convenience I will not pick up any books thicker than 300 pages. This would require me to read 24.6 pages per day, which seems totally achievable.
Genocide is wrong. Reading goals have no moral implications.
Usually I read to a natural breaking point. Very often I say I'm going to read for an hour and may read a little less or a little more, depending. 

Before I was disabled my big joy was lying on the sofa and reading for 8 hours straight. Now it's much harder because I fatigue easily so an hour is about all I can manage. It's a good idea to get up and move around every hour or so anyway.
Is it wrong to set a number of books you have to read? Year/ month or so
I don't have a page limit. My aim is one chapter, then if I'm really into it then I'll carry on to the end of that chapter. 

I tend to read in bed and hate it when my eyes start dropping before I get to the end of the chapter. 
Yes. Don't ever do or again or the cookie monster will eat you.
I'm genuinely struggling to understand how this is a real question and why anyone would think any way of reading is somehow wrong.  What am i missing here? 
are you hurting anyone else?

no?

you do you
I just think "I should read quickly to get to the exciting parts" in less exciting bits, and then when it's exciting I stop caring.
I can't sit down and flip through pages. Idk what it is, I hate the feel of the paper on my fingers since my hands are always dried from working on cars. I'm always cleaning, working on something at home, playing with my son or just generally taking care of him(10 months old), doing research for work or something else. I know I can't read a book through as quickly as I would want without forgetting wtf was going on in the last chapter the next time i pick it up. Seriously, I got the new paper Mario the day it came out and I've played it twice for half an hour. What I've found to scratch the itch is audio books. You either love them or you don't, everyone's different. When I'm at work I have my headphones on and it doesn't take focus away from anything, if I lose focus from what I'm working on I just playback. When I drive I do the same and I'm not fidgeting with my phone to set music on from Spotify/YouTube or anything. They're great man. Amazon has a deal going on, you have to download Audibles. I've gone through Joe Hill's entire collection, each one without stopping once I started. Time flies by and you don't get the feeling that you're needing to set a "goal" for pages, I used to do the same. It strained my eyes, I'd lose focus or just see the words without processing actual sentences.


That's just my opinion though, I tried it because I was bored and I can't get enough now
I recently encouraged my spouse to do just this! He has never finished a book (aside from school) and at 32 it's harder to pickup. Hopefully he'll listen, I find it adorable when he reads ^-^ 
No!! Keep up the great work! I've always found that it helps to hold and pen/ pencil (even if you don't use it to take notes or underline) and keep your phone out of sight and out of reach. Both keep your mind focused and stimulated. 

Once you find a book that blows your mind you won't even need to do a page goal. 


Absolutely not.  
No way, José. I set page goals for myself with a lot of books so that it keeps me focused on the book. Otherwise I have a tendency to leave books unfinished or untouched. 
No, I do this often as a way to help myself stick to the book, I have a terrible attention span and need to make sure I finish the book soon so I don't forget where I'm at, so I say 'I'll read to page 100/I'll read 50 more pages' or whatever, it can be effective bookmarking!
I do this too, cause I get distracted very easliy. It works great and anything that helps you read is great.
read your damn book
This is my story word for word. I listen to audiobooks instead of reading. 
I tell myself till a certain chapter number so no, nothing wrong with settling on a page.
Number 1 thing is to read what you like.  Schools always seem to make you read the classics which I hate.  I've kind of made it a rule of thumb to only read books published after 1990.  

After that, just set a window of time.  I always read an hour before I go to bed but if pages works for you then stick with it.  You will get into a groove.  I see it as my meditation to get my mind off of things.  Good luck, it's commendable that you are doing it as such a young age.  I didn't start til I was 30.
I'm so used to multitasking when I do things like watching Netflix and being on reddit so for me to sit down and just focus on one thing is hard. When I was a kid I used to be able to read non stop, I think I finished the Harry Potter series in a couple months. My attention span sucks now though so I usually try for just a chapter a day or something.
I definitely have to do this to get through the stale parts of a book.
A 3 page description of scenery can be tough, looking at you Dean Koontz.
But on flip side I loved the ending when it picked up and chapters became 1- 2 pages. 
Yes, very wrong.
Why would it be "wrong"? That's like asking if there's a wrong way to play your video game.

... I suppose there could be a wrong way to play a video game in competitive play (i.e., hacking), but it's not like you're competitively reading.
I try and read every evening before bed and I used to have a goal of reading at least 10% every night (easier to keep track of with the ebooks that I read at night). I still try for this goal but I don't always stay awake long enough to accomplish it. Haha!
yes it's wrong.
no, it's not wrong.

any more stupid questions?
When i started getting back into it i just said to myelf 1 chapter before i go to sleep and thats it.

Well that worked for like a week. After that i had to know what was going to happen next.
Ever since I was a kid it was more of saying "here, I'll stop at this page" and it'll be like 2 am then haha.
i set goals when i take the time to read too. it's gives me a sense of motivation, and i think it's a great attribute to have in terms of getting anything done (-:
Not at all. Although I usually suffer from the, "just one more page" syndrome. So I usually go past my planned mark. Sometimes it's a case of "just one more chapter". That definitely extends my reading sessions.
I do the same thing. Whatever gets it done! 
Do what you want. You're a grown-up, ffs.
I find if a book is good, I don't need to set targets. Might be you just haven't found a book you really dig yet. I was like you, and I only started reading last year, but I made sure to pick books with great reviews in a genre I'd enjoy. When I have a good book I think about it a lot and tend to want to read it rather than watch TV or play games.

I've read a few "good, but not great" books and it tends to take me longer to get through those books. I usually just try to fit in at least one chapter a day. Books where I'm really struggling, I have to ask myself whether it is worth finishing if I don't enjoy it. Usually I give it away.
I just tell myself I'll fap at the end of this book. Very motivating but since I've joined r/nofap rip.
The more you read, the more you know, the more you know, the smarter you grow, the smarter you grow, the stronger your voice, when speaking your mind and making your choice.  And that on a poster in my school library when I was a kid.  
What type of books do you really enjoy? I think 7 books in a year is amazing! Especially for someone who never really read before. You'll find you actually get better at it. To me the best books are the ones where the story is soo interesting that I can't stop reading. Like when you watch a great show and the end of the episode is a cliff hanger so you HAVE to watch the next show. Yes I binge watch Netflix...and I binge read books...sometimes until I literally can't keep my eyes open.
Try reading in bed when it's all quiet. Try taking a book to a park and reading some place peaceful and quiet.
I wouldn't set a page goal. What I think you need is to find a book that's so interesting/exciting/scary that you want to see what happens next.
I actually might try that! I used to read a ton when I was younger and I loved it but I have been depressed and anxious lately (by lately I mean like, the last 4 years) and it's so hard to make myself do it. I have so many books just sitting on my shelves that I've bought and really want to read but can't seem to motivate myself. Thanks for the inspiration! 

Also, good for you for putting in the effort. It doesn't matter how it gets done, reading is an entirely personal experience. It's all about what works for you! 
I set a reading goal every night too! Its usually 50 pages a night or 5 chapters in the book, usually which ever one comes first for me. 
In no way whatsoever is this wrong, whatever gets you and keeps you reading books is a good thing. It's amazing how little people today read books. I know there's still a lot of us and it's kind of a hipster-y thing to say but I know like 1 other person that reads and growing up I was the only kid to read in my class, I even got bullied over it. Sorry for getting off track, readings important so whatever keeps you reading is a good thing.
No. Sometimes I do that to make myself stop before staying up all night. And sometimes I do that to get me to continue a book that I like, but do not love. Some books are work, some books are too much work, and some books I just soak up like a sponge.

If you're forcing yourself to read with page goals it sounds like you haven't found the right material for yourself. A good novel will often be so gripping that you simply cannot put it down!
This is how I read when I first started a few years ago. At first I set goals of 20 pages a day and I found it very difficult to sit down and complete my goals, but I continued due to a deeper sense of enjoyment and satisfaction. 

Nowadays, I don't find it difficult to get myself to read and enjoy it. 

It's hard at first, but it gets much easier. 
Why would it be wrong, and by who's set of rules?
I've been setting reading allotments for 12 years. I love to read and I have little difficulty picking up a book every day but I found in college that I would often read only a little bit and call it at that. By setting an allotment every day, I ensure that I spend time doing something that is very meaningful to me. Anything that makes you follow you passions in this way can't be bad.
Absolutely nothing wrong with that. I'm a pretty avid reader, 2-3 books a week, and that's the only way I can do it. I usually have a goal of 50 pages per sitting, but once you get that far in you sort of lose track and keep going. Setting goals is the best way to achieve something 
I've actually been doing this (setting a page as a goal) since I did the IB program in high school 8 years ago and it helped me get through university (my program was English and Psychology, aka A LOT of reading). On top of all the other things going on around me including work and whatever, I find I get distracted quite easily, so even though I love reading it's hard for me to sit down and concentrate. The page/chapter goal thing helps me pace myself, and if I want to keep reading, I just keep reading. It's the same approach I have with playing video games and watching anime, and honestly it's why I can't really bother to watch lengthy movies because I hate sitting for so long.

As others have said, there's absolutely nothing wrong with doing what you do to read.
I am an avid reader. I can't get enough. But I still make goals. Whether it be 100 pages before bed or something like that. It's really just a personal preference. There's no wrong way to read.
I think it's a good idea but be careful of trying to rush through the last few pages at times when you are tired etc. Better to be short of your goal and fully understand what you have read.   
If you are reading then who cares why, I say. 
I used to do that and I would just keep putting off reading the book. I recommend not having a goal each reading session and just read until you feel like doing something else. That way you really enjoy the book and you're not just forcing yourself to do it. By the way, with video games, I was the same way... I'd force myself to unlock achievements/trophies/collectibles per night. I started to procrastinate on my nightly goal and would just do something else. Once I stopped caring and just played at a leisurely pace, I started enjoying it again.
Surely my body would thank me if I had a hard page limit each night so I could actually get some sleep instead of staying up all night and then waking up on top of a book or tablet. 
I did this with the "A Song of Ice And Fire" series. My goal was 50 pages a day and is the reason I finished book three (over 1,100 pages) in a little over three weeks. Not only did this goal move me along through all five books at a nice pace, it also gave me a small sense of accomplishment. I almost never read all 50 pages in one sitting. I'd spread it out over 2-3 sessions per day. 
i do that myself. and it's definitely a good way to get yourself to keep reading. 

It is also something most people do so as to not OVERDO something and get tired of it.
Initially I thought that's not the point of reading, but that's WONDERFUL if it works for you! Before you know it, you'll get hooked and read beyond your goal without noticing. 

Some recommended reading:

Flowers for Algernon

Ready Player One

The Book Thief

The author Dan Brown (no really, he's good at pacing IMHO)

The Girl With All the Gifts

Good luck, I really think reading will help with your anxiety. I struggle with that too. I'll add more suggestions if I think of any. 


Not sure you'll read this.

How about a limit instead?  If you see it as I'll read 10, how about I do not read past 10?
Ingest and enjoy what you read.  Its fine to pass or not meet a goal, however you should treat that as special either way.
Its not bad man as long as you're reading, what book is it
If you keep going ~7 books a year, that's more than double the average (iirc), so great work. Also setting a goal for reading, and reading in smaller chunks makes it easier to stay focused on the material and improves retention 
I like to end at a page with a clean paragraph break, a hard break or a new paragraph more than a specific page but I think it's good to set goals while reading. If you stick to them, it guarantees you're not going to half read the same page three times than play on your phone and never end up reading much of the book. 
Only on reddit.
A lot of people are saying it depends on the book. While true , it depends on your goal even more. Seeing that, to you, reading is still like eating your vegetables, I'd say your strategy is sound.

That being said, I hope you can get to a place one day where you can read for pure enjoyment, without needing to set goals. Like working out and eating healthy, reading is something many start as a chore but ends up being a pleasure. 
I read in the sauna and will sort of feel out how long I have been in there based on how many pages I read.
Reading is never wrong.
I'm the same. Reading is work and I have to push myself. Like exercise.
I'd say it is only a problem if you aren't happy reading.  I mean sure you can feel like putting the book down and saying "no I promised myself I'd keep going... 12 more pages".  Or if its not your type of book but you promised yourself to expand your "horizons" a bit then do it.  But no.  What I mean is if you just are NOT enjoying reading at all then you should stop because you might not be getting anything out of it other than wasting your time.

Personally I stop on chapters if I can because I like to conclude a normal sequence of thinking and logic.  Its easier for when I pick it up next time.  But that's me.  YMMV!
Wrong? No. Weird? Maybe? I ask this because what is more important: the story, or the page number? For me, I never have a set page in mind, but if I start drifting off, I like to hang on until the end of the chapter (if it has chapters). I need some sort of closure. 
Yes it is wrong. If you continue to do this I will have you killed.
Soon you'll have the opposite problem. "I'll just finish this chapter then I'll turn off the light.  Oh, what's one more..."
And suddenly it's 1am and you have to get up at 6. :)
It's totally fine to have a goal like that. A certain number of pages, or finishing a chapter... whatever works for you is right! If it gets you reading and keeps you reading, it's great.
My goal is always the opposite.  I set a goal like "I will stop reading at 11pm".  And when 2am rolls around, I'm like, "close enough".
The only things that are wrong are those that harm or infringe upon the rights of others.
No? Just do whatever feels best OP :)

I, for one, just read the entire book from finish to end when I can, and if I can't I resume some other time and don't really keep track of the pages haha just what works for you boo
The only problem I have with setting "goals" in my books is that I always reach that goal then don't want to stop there. There is nothing wrong with setting a goal.. I used to use 2 bookmarks at all times. One to mark where I'm at and one to mark where I want to be when I stop reading for the session.
No but then again my problem would be that I'd pass the goal every time.  I could not imagine reading being a chore except for manuals and textbooks.
No. Whatever gets you to read more, every single day, should be perfectly acceptable.
That's how I get through books I'm not really enjoying.  If I'm enjoying a book, I don't need these "goals."  I just read the book.
If it works for you, it's not wrong.

I would stress myself out if I set a page goal and I still had to do other stuff, like get to an appointment on time. The time pressure wouldn't work for me at all...

But if you have the opposite and it's easier for you to be in the moment when you work towards a page goal, why would that be wrong?
Buddy this is the way to do it, especially if you don't like reading. I like reading but even for me there are books where it's a strain. I set myself 20 pages a day as a minimum (super easy goal of course), and then if I feel like reading more, I can. And if not, then that's fine. I definitely needed this to get through Gardens of the Moon and Deadhouse Gates (great books, but super exhausting to read because there's so much info stuffed into each sentence). 

But yeah, keep doing what you are doing, set yourself small goals, and keep reading. When you find books you enjoy reading you'll get to your preset goal, and then you can just keep reading if you want. Or not. Up to you. One book at a time.
But you conclude that you enjoy it right ? 

If you need to setup those goals to get things your way, thats simply your way. Your aproach. 

If its abit difficult to get started, you can always try audiobooks to access the book world. 
Honestly, if something helps you start reading, by all means keep doing it. I personally have issues with motivation, so reading a book can be an arduous task (even though I love reading, and if not for the plethora of electronic media, I wouldn't stop reading). So long as you're enjoying yourself, and you're not just forcing yourself to read for some weird reason, then keep on setting goals my dude.
Depends on why you read. If you want to educate yourself on a topic that's dry to read about, then sure. For me, when I find a book that's interesting enough, I can just keep on reading until the end.

Another thing that might help with your goals is to get a Kindle app on your phone and read when you need to kill some time.
Hi! Avid gamer / reader myself. If you like reading, and goal-setting is the best way to help you begin reading, then by all means, go for it. However I might suggest one technique that helps me convince myself to lift up the book and begin reading... : 

Every few pages, whenever something intriguing or thought provoking comes across in the book, pause. Take a minute to think deeply, hypothesize, and try to make sense of the intriguing point in the story. 

This might help you (it helped me) get more mentally invested in the book, immerse yourself in the story, and be more eager to come back to the book next time!


I don't think it's wrong. Whatever gets you to read more works. And sometimes fun things feel like chores. At least, that is what reading is to me.

I set goals as well. As much as I love reading, it does take some discipline to get me to actually sit down and read for a time because there are other things I like to do as well. The internet, for one, is highly addictive. So what I do is set a time limit for myself. I would read for half an hour each time, after every meal. That would add up to two hours per day of reading, one hour if I have work on that day.

And then after each reading session I reward myself with gaming or surfing the internet.
That's one of the best ways to start reading. I grew up in a house where we didn't have a tv growing up and we were homeschooled using a reading based curriculum and each day we were required to read x amount of pages from various subjects. By 4th grade each of us kids were reading at a high school level and by my freshmen year of high school I had a reading comprehension level of someone getting their doctorate.
Even now that I'm 25 I'd rather curl up with a book than sit and watch tv, and on a day off I can read 3 400 page books over the course of 10-12 hours.
So please never get discouraged make a goal for yourself and stick to it.
I don't think so. If it motives you to read, it works.
Whenever I read a book, I force myself to not look at the page number so that I don't know how far I have gotten until I finish reading in that session. I also never want to know how much time is left in a movie or TV show.
My husband just picked up reading for pleasure about 2 years ago, and has read nearly everything Stephen King has ever written by doing this. Keep it up! 
Last book I read I always tried to end on a 3 at the end of the page number but it also had to be the end/start of a chapter so I knew where I was.

If it helps you read then do it! Reading is excellent and if you can find ways to enjoy it or make it easier then by all means. 
Watch how it feels if you do it. If it feels hard but eventually good, and brings good things to your life, you're probably on the right track. If you motivate yourself via shame, a goal like that might be counterproductive, but there's no way it can be simply right or wrong; it either works for you, or doesn't. That's life as we know it, pal! Learn yourself, nobody else can teach you who you are. ;)
I started by reading a chapter a day of the Oz books back in 1974, no more no less. 40 odd years later I have read probably around 4000 books. I read 3-5 at a time.

There is no wrong way to start reading.
I never try to get to a page number.  I set a timer for 20 mins and I read until the timer goes off, I fall asleep, or I find I'm reading the same words over and over.   That's it. 
I tend to shift my bookmark to my next reading goal (next chapter etc...), then try to read till there... 

However, I try to treat it as a guideline rather than an absolute goal... So occasionally, I might stop earlier if I don't feel up for it or if the section is a little harder to read (largely with non-fiction). Usually I stop at the target, or keep reading on if I am really enjoying it.   

With fiction, I usually stop reading either when the book is over or when I see sunlight coming through my window, which is when I realize that I read all night and forgot to sleep ... :)
I don't see any problem. I do this regularly with school texts that I don't want to read, but have to. I'll set a goal of ten pages, or one chapter, then give myself a reward or break. I do the opposite with pleasure reading, ONLY ten more pages, or one more chapter, then bed.  Having clear goals and limits is a good idea and I don't see a problem, especially if you are fulfilling all your obligations. 
I have terrible reading habits now, so I'm probably the worst person to advise, but I'd say that there's no wrong way to read, and whatever it is that makes it work for you, do it. When I was at uni I would either aim for 30 pages a day (if I had long enough to read the book at that pace) or split the page count by the number of days I had and aim for that. 
If this is the first time you've read for pleasure in a while, it's actually a great idea to build your stamina. Reading for long periods of time is something yoh have to build up to. As long as you're not racing ahead just to get to your page - you could try using time as a measurement instead?

If you love setting goals for yourself try the Goodreads app. It lets you see the percentage of what you've read, lists the books you've read or want to read, and you can set a yearly challenge too.
I hope this helps with more than just setting page goals:

About a year ago, I worked at a publisher of textbooks and what not. While textbooks certainly aren't novels, everyone who worked there was very well-read. I was talking about moby dick and how it's a great book but sometimes certain chapters that aren't related to the plot can really drag on and the guy I was talking to said something that was really profound to me at the time. He said "it's your book, read it how you want. skip chapters, go back and re-read sections. It's my reading experience and there's no one way to read a book"

TL;DR: whatever maximizes you're enjoyment of a book is the best way to read it.
What works best for me is reading a chapter each night. By the time I finish the chapter my eyes have began to get heavy and allows me to fall asleep much faster. It's kinda nice. 

I also always carry my book everywhere I go. If I find a moment where I can read a few pages then I open that sucker up. 
Also, this is good because I can't begin to tell you how many times I was in public and someone saw the book I was reading and either asked me if it was good or started a small conversation about the book. It also lets me inspire others to begin reading. People don't typically see me as the type to read, but once they start talking to me they're usually like "wow, you're really smart." 
Yeah, everyone is different. I use a Kindle, so for me I shoot for percentages. I try to get to 5% more everytime I sit down to read.
Wrong? Nope.

I have two different sorts of goals.

* The "stop reading" goal. Usually this is when I'm reading during lunch time. I have to get back to work. I know I do. But the book is SO good. So I give myself a "ok, you have to stop after the end of this chapter" goal.

* The "you can stop reading" goal. Usually this is when I'm really tired. But I don't want to stop in the middle of something. So I give myself a "you can stop reading at the end of this paragraph" goal.
Yes, it can totally help motivate you and make you read more because your goals are tangible! 
I like to have a mini celebration in my head when i get to significantly numbered pages like 50 or 100. It gives me a nice sense of accomplishment 
It's a book. There is nothing wrong with reading lo
I read Under the Dome in under two weeks because I set this exact goal for myself. I enjoyed the rigid schedule a lot more than just reading bits and pieces when I feel like it, since I never finish the book that way.
"have to read"?  You should read for pleasure.  If you are reading as an exercise what is the point?  I feel like you'd rush through and not really become fully immersed just so that you can reach the arbitrary goal.
When I pick up a book that seems dry at parts, I flip to a part that seems mildly interesting and stick a book mark in it. That keeps me motivated to keep reading, because I see an end goal with a pay-off. I'm an English major, and this helps a lot when I have to read a book that doesn't seem interesting to me for classes. 
No! If I pick up a book, I will not pee or eat after. I have an unhealthy habit of being able to put aside life if I am engrossed in a book. So I set goals, more like limitations, on a certain number I need to take a human break. It's actually pretty disgusting. Do what works for you because reading is power.
I just started this today. I wasn't reading through my series as fast as I'd like to I set a page goal to finish my current book by the end of the week. They have been helpful in the past. 
I often flip ahead through the pages until I either come across a new chapter or a page break where I think I might want to stop. I like to know what I'm in for before I dive in. 
find a path to good books at your level and you won't need any page by page goal for motivation
I usually read one chapter when I read. If it's 8 pages so be it. If it's 30 so be it. (But I might break up a long chapter across multiple sittings in one day.) And sometimes if I read a short chapter I'll read another chapter too.
No. Personally, when reading a book I always try to read the entire chapter. If the chapter is divided into sections, then I try to complete the section before continuing next time
No. Personally, when reading a book I always try to read the entire chapter. If the chapter is divided into sections, then I try to complete the section before continuing next time
I generally try to get to the next chapter when I read, which is essentially a goal of getting to a certain page.
I used to when I was younger, but now I usually read until the end of the chapter (or have to stop) if it's a good book, or just stop in the middle of a page if it's a boring book.
i would say no it's not wrong at all because maybe the real purpose of reading could result as a byproduct. but i don't like such stiff goals because what if you leave off in some SERIOUS action?

i think it might be more worth your while to engage the material, like... summarize what you've read in your session, or do so back to a friend or significant other, or keep those new details fresh and link them back to previous text (like this chapter had a lot of gregorovich and wand-making, what else have i read about wand-making oh right there's ollivander. and this gregorovich oh right he makes wands for durmstrang and shit yea that's where igor and krum come from and etc etc).

or just create a visual summary, sorta LIVE through it, whatever.

i was never a reader either but eventually i got over the numbers of it (pages, how many books, etc) and started taking in more.
I think it is much better to set time limits than page limits. You never want to be reading "just to get through it" as then you don't absorb it. It is better to read one page and really think about what was being said and even go back over it, than 3 pages just to fulfill a commitment
I do the same thing except I try read atleast one chapter every sitting, whatever works bud keep at it and enjoy.
I won't read if I'm not confident I have time for at least a whole chapter.
Yes.  Your goal should be to learn or enjoy or both.  An arbitrary page count is virtually useless.
It's not wrong as long as there's still reading comprehension and your brain is absorbing the story. I do admit that sometimes my brain drifts while reading, and I have to go back a page or two to get back on track.
I usually go for reading the full book if it isn't extremely long
I've always thought I was the only one. I always end on palandromic page numbers, there are a few exceptions, multiples of 101 or 111 shouldn't be stopped on either (the exact rules do vary a bit based on order of magnitude of the page number)
If you have an iphone, you might enjoy the Bookling app

https://misterbumbles.com/bookling
Nothing wrong with that. For me, I just read until I get to what I feel is a good "stopping point." Sometimes it's 5 pages, sometimes it's 30. If it feels like more of a chore to you, then it's probably a good idea to keep to a schedule until you get more comfortable with it and can pick up a book without feeling like you have to read this much before you can put it down.
Does it work for you?

Then no, it's not wrong. Don't listen to anyone who tells you otherwise.
I usually pick a page number so that I don't end up reading until 4 a.m. 
Yeah, I think you're doing fine.  I would try different genres to see if something really clicks for you.  If you find something you're really into, that should help you go through it a little faster.  Books that I'm not really into, really drag for me.
reading atleast a chapter in one sitting is what i aim for, as i can take in the story as the author intended and get the full effect.

if i find myself forcing myself to read a particular book too often, then i just drop it because that means i'm not very interested in it. don't give up before page 50 or so though, as  that's where i've found many books hit their stride
Personally im very extreme with reading, i either go all out reading 6-7 books a week or i dont pick up a book for months.
What really helped me was finding a genre that i really enjoy and then i often struggle to put the book down.
Where i do struggle to get into a book but dont want to leave it and go to something else i tend to set chapters as my goal, usually 1-2 chapters per sitting so that i feel like im still progressing through the book.
This is why I enjoy books that have relatively short chapters. Chapters are a good stopping point in my opinion. 

Unless you're reading James Patterson. His chapters are ridiculously short.
The most of a goal I've ever had was finishing "this chapter" so I can get to sleep at a reasonable hour.
i don't set goals, but find myself annoyed at books without periodic breaks. i understand pynchon's gravity's rainbow is *supposed* to be dense, but i prefer books like vonnegut's cat's cradle because there are sooo many short chapters. 
Honestly, it's something I've tried to avoid doing, only because for me personally, having arbitrary goals like that can have you focusing on completing them more than actually enjoying the story and I find myself missing details here and there or less appreciative of more subtle arcs.
My goal is to read the book.
I read until the page number can be divide with 10 or until the end of a chapter.
Let me play devil's advocate. Lots of people here are saying that there's nothing wrong with having goals, but that's not true. Something I learned in Motivational psychology is that external motivations (like completing a goal) reduce the potency of internal motivators (like enjoyment). This is why getting paid for a hobby turns it into a job. You are getting an external reinforcer in the form of money, so your internal reinforcer is less powerful. Of course, I can't tell you what's best for you. Goals ate powerful and can really helpful you get stuff done, but I wouldn't recommend them if you're trying to read for fun, because they'll suck the fun right out.
There's nothing wrong with that. I usually try to finish the current chapter before I put a book down. 
As long as your enjoying reading. If you're not then remember that life is too short to read bad books. 

And remember the library has free books. 
It's not only wrong, it's illegal.  

You should be arrested and have the book thrown at you.
I am a terrible reader. The following worked for me. I now read on average 1 book per week: 1. Only buy books with topics you really like. 2. Also buy audibook. 3. Read the book and listen to the audiobook at the same time. 4. If you do not like the book, stop reading!
sounds to me like a great way to diminish your enjoyment. Read until you are tired, or need a break, or must get to sleep.. read until a natural breaking point. Why push yourself?
I don't personally have that issue if I read a book and it grasps me I usually lose myself and next thing I know I've read 200 pages. However there is never a wrong way to motivate yourself to read a book and if setting page goals works for you then you keep doing it. 
I do that with chapters. I read a bunch of books in the last few months of 2014 or 2015 and did it by divvying up the books into "I have to read this many chapters to finish it in a week". I usually don't read that fast because I get kind of bored of it but having a goal makes it much easier for me.
> Like I don't enjoy video games where everything is already unlocked for you, but I'll grind away for weeks trying to get some weapon or skin that's unlocked for doing X or getting to Y rank

so you're the reason, they keep making unnecessary grinds in games that don't need them
"One more page" past a predetermined page number is the beginning of many finished books.

Reading is lime working out, the hardest part is getting started. As long as you're interested in what you're reading you might become so engrossed in what you read in 20 pages you end up reading 15 more.
I've been reading for fun since around the age of seven. Most nights I sit down to read with a goal in mind. Sometimes I want to read 100 pages a day, other times I decide I will read for an hour. Sometimes I'll have book specific goals, such as to finish it or to finish a chapter. But basically, I always have a goal. I enjoy goals. They add a dimension of achievement to the joy of reading.

So in answer to your question, no it's not wrong to have a goal.
The Goodreads app is amazing and will help you in two ways... 1. You can keep lists of books you have read and want to read and it will offer suggestions. 2. You can set a reading goal each year and track it. 

I've read almost 60 books this year and Goodreads has a lot to do with me getting back into reading for enjoyment.
I'm terrible when it comes to sitting down and reading a book. I love em, but I hate just sitting there. I turned instead to audio books. I've listened to 20books since July. I listened while I worked, cleaned, walked, drove. A pair of Bluetooth headphones and a library card are my beast friends now! Give it a try!
I love reading, but I have to set goals for myself or it'll take me forever to finish books (especially long ones.) I usually divide the number of pages by the amount of days I want to finish it in, so I can say to myself, for example, it'll take me a month to finish this book if I read only 12 pages a day. It's the only to get through authors like Leo Tolstoy or Victor Hugo. These authors have books that are incredible as a whole but you often have to slog through pages of boring bits to get to the good stuff. 
I read a chapter at a time.. if I'm too engrossed after one chapter and I have time.. I read 2. 
Yes. You have some nerve reading in that manner. Stop doing that immediately you son of a bitch.
I used to be a heavy reader. I'd read 100 pages without blinking. Got out of it for close to 10 years. I read here and there but not continuously. I've been good for the past year or so but I still have to force myself to read at least 50 pages a night. Even if I'm enjoying the book I still have the countdown in my head. 
It is wrong! You should not be doing it. It makes reading feel forced.

What are you 5? Do whatever you want. No one should tell you how to read. You know, because you are not 5
yes, absolutely.  DO NOT DO THIS. 
Nothing you do that feels comfortable to you is wrong, as long as you don't try and impose it on others
  Sometimes I will check the chapter lengths in the front of the book, to see how far I expect to go.  I may stop earlier, or I may go past that.

Really, just do whatever works for you.  Personally, i often just read until I get tired.
I love to read and I still do the same thing! It gets me through denser/more boring books.
It is absolutely fucking wrong!
Absolutely not. As someone who has read for all of his life and enjoys it, sometimes you need a little motivation even being an avid reader. The "okay, let's get to page 100 by tomorrow" turns into "Okay, let's finish this book by the end of the week" or "let's get through this series within a couple of months."

Whatever helps.
how dare you...
No. I always try to finish the chapter before stopping. I hate stopping in the middle of one.
Find your book and it makes reading a lot easier. Once you find a book you can't put down it makes reading a lot more enjoyable.
I have the exact same thing as this.

OP are you dyslexic by any chance?
Well, you can't call it "wrong," not if it helps you to nudge yourself to read. Though it might be easier to do it by chapters. Hopefully, you'll start getting caught up in the story and just keep going, until you look up in surprise and discover that hours have passed unnoticed. **That's** your real goal.
Goals are bad in general. They encourage some sort of behavior and usually trend towards success...
I tend to read when I have time in the evenings and weekends - it's much harder when you have kids, pets and a house to maintain so it becomes more precious and enjoyable over time
It becomes a habit of a lifetime so don't punish yourself with bad books.
Some of my favourites I do read over and over, and I have a couple that I always take on long trips - tend to be a bit involved so they suck up large amounts of time on the plane

Life's too short for crappy books so use your library, find your favourite authors and favourite books
I've enjoyed having a Kindle to find new books or get copies of existing heavy tomes that aren't practical to carry around
It also makes it easy to return someone truely awful ;)
It's perfectly fine. If I'm reading a difficult book or a boring book, I do make those goals and you might find that you'll keep these goals of reading only to a certain page but in the reverse. You'll only read 30 pages because you know you'll just stay there forever. The important thing is that you're reading no matter what.
I do it too. I don't even realize I do it haha. Sometimes I care and sometimes I don't. All in all I don't think it matters unless it causes some kind of stress. If it does, just be lenient with yourself when you catch it happening. I think I do it mostly because I am a slow reader. I simply think about the text and the author and all sorts of other information. Sometimes I have to make myself just read the pages and carry on.
I'm the same and I don't always feel like reading novels. They take forever, so sometimes I prefer short stories, essays, or poetry. Do whatever works for you :)
My goal is always 30 pages. If i get immersed in the story i can go on for hundreds of pages.
I do the exact same thing when I read. Depending on my schedule I'll set a goal of 10, 20 or 30 pages. Or a chapter a day. Whatever works for you. 
Reading was always my escape, like watching a good movie, so I never had to do anything to encourage myself. If anything, perhaps I should have limited myself, so I could learn social skills or something. 

Well, I was like that until I found the authors/genre of books that I like.  Now, I only read the authors that have the ability to make me want to keep turning the pages.  With the exception of maybe a lull in the middle of a trilogy of books that I'm otherwise enthralled by (e.g. The Southern Reach trilogy)... I simply refuse to read books that don't grab me and keep me wanting more and more chapters until the end.
That's a good way to start. You should read from different authors and find which authors style of writing you enjoy more than others. I've read alot of Dean Koontz but I can put his books down fairly easily. Michael Crichton, Stephen King and his son Joe hill write very well. When I start reading books from them I don't want to put them down. I found myself pausing my video games just to read another chapter in between play. Chuck Palahniuk,  the writer of fight Club is also a writer worth looking into. When you find writers that speak to you, you will know by loosing track of time while reading. Good luck
Disagree with the consensus. Avoid making chores out of recreation whenever you can. who wants to do chores that you don't have to do?
Yes, it's wrong, and you're a bad person.
If it works, do it, I *guess*. But it makes me upset to think about, because your way makes reading sound like a chore. I think, perhaps, that your mindset is fundamentally flawed. I used to feel like you when I was a kid. Then I quickly realized that books are a near-limitless source of cheap, reliable entertainment in every genre imaginable which I can take with me virtually anywhere.

The fact that books are supposedly enriching is a side effect which means nothing to me. I read a book a week, ~ an hour or two a day, and it's brilliant, and it's absolutely only ever because I'm interested and fuck gaining anything out of it. I mean, I just read Twilight and enjoyed it. No guilt. Nobody even knows but me. I'm an adult with a graduate degree, a real job and family. I come home and can literally immerse myself in any world I choose...

tl;dr: make sure you're reading for enjoyment. Books are like never-ending Netflix, but just like way, way better
Nah. I find it easier to read in chunks. If I'm reading a good book, I make it a goal to get through X amount of pages a day
I do the same exact thing
I think what's better is to have a time limit instead of a page limit. Not reading as much as you want in, say, 10 minutes, might frustrate you and push you to read more pages next time, or go beyond 10 minutes.
I love reading and I still do it. I have a problem where I over analyze the text and get lost in thought, and if I let it run I'd never finish a book. I definitely set goals.
I do the same thing often, or I set a minimum time.

Recently I've got into audiobooks and that lets me hear a lot more books, I can listen on the way to work, etc.

I also use Goodreads.com to track which books ive finished, how long it took me (start and end date) as well as which books I plan on reading - this helps motivate me a lot.
Yes.  Does this seem like a bad answer?  Then don't listen to it.
I have a thing for not being able to close the book I'm reading until I get to the next chapter. Stopping mid-chapter just feels like stopping right in the middle of a sentence or paragraph. 
I always try to read up until the next little break in the chapter, or to the next chapter if its not too long!
Does reading magazines count? Sometimes i READ BUT ITS MAGAZINES NOT BOOKS,
I was the same way and decided I wanted to make a goal of how many books to read in a year. Goodreads.com let's you set a goal, recommends good books, and keeps track of ones you already or want to read. 
I have the opposite problem I have to set a page limit or I'll read for hours.... sometimes I don't stop anyway
Yes (Source: Type B personality) 
Normally, my goal is to get to the end of the chapter. So, it's similar.
Yes.  It's my job to make sure people don't do that sort of thing.
Try Audiobook's. holly crap I read a ton of audiobook's, most of them I would never get through if it was a normal book. 
i have limits instead. like okay oonnne more chapter and ill go to sleep.
It's only wrong if you fold pages to mark where you stopped.
No, it's right. I do the same thing.
Of course people have already mentioned that there's no real *wrong* way to read a book, and of course they're *right*. Still, I must admit I used to do the same thing, reading to get through the book, constantly thinking about how far through I am and how much I have left to go, and it really screwed up my comprehension.

 I'd be fully immersed in a story then notice I was close enough to the end to finish the book that session, then I'd find myself uncontrollably almost skimming the book, trying to get to that ending as fast as possible and missing most of the story, or if I would happen to notice that I still had a lot of the book left to read I'd start running my eyes over the pages, taking in nothing because I'm busy stressing about how I'm never gonna get through this entire thing or even get to any of the big exciting moments (you can probably guess I flirt with anxiety myself).

I didn't even start to break that habit until I noticed I would tend to re-read books without intending to. I'd think how cool that opening passage to the book I read a few weeks ago was, decide I'd just read through that passage again to enjoy it, then find myself unable to stop reading until I once again reached the end of the story. I'd enjoy the book a lot more too. You could say this is due to it being easier to take in something you've already read once but I really think it's mostly that I wasn't *trying* to get *through* the book so much as simply enjoying the act of reading it.

Now I pretty much try to read a book as slowly as possible and forget about all sense of progressing through it. I've found it far more enjoyable than reading merely as a means to get to a future section of the book or to a meaningless progress marker I had previously set. 

I would honestly suggest simply trying to concentrate on literally just enjoying the single page you're reading at any one time. You'll probably find yourself wanting to continue by enjoying the next page, then the next etc. 

ps. Another random thing I've found helps a lot as an anxious reader is to make reading a whole event, make it a feast for all senses. Make yourself a cup of coffee/tea/booze or whatever you enjoy, get comfy. Get a snack. Make the whole experience an excuse to indulge.
I always want to get yo the last page of Reddit!
Yes, it's wrong. Stop doing things you want to do.
I guess the key thing is interest and its good to set some goals while reading
Once I start reading, I need to set a limit for when to stop.
I have more than once ended up not sleeping wondering why my clock is going off. Sad to say but school on those days was not very important.
I don't see anything wrong with it. As long as you're enjoying the experience, if setting goals helps then go for it
Why not read books that you enjoy? You'll find it hard to put them down rather than feeling like you need to get through it. Don't read books simply because people on the Internet call them "important" or "classics", especially if you are trying to get into reading. Besides, you will be able to better appreciate the classics after you've spent a few years on other types of books.
I do that too. I don't see anything with it.
You're fine.
I think as long as you retain what you're reading. I've had occasional page goals, but sometimes the sections are dense or very thought provoking that you put the book down to ponder, without meeting your target. That's not bad per se, just don't let page count be your only driver.
Personally, I do this all the time. If I don't, I would be in deep trouble with my parents...for not washing the dishes since morning ;) 
I like reading an entire chapter at least. This of course depends on how long the chapters are, but most of the books I read have pretty short chapters
If you don’t like reading books, don’t do it. I doubt there are any significant positive effects to reading.
I do this bad. Lol
Why the hell would that be wrong? Fishing for praise much?
I never strive for for a certain page number, but I do try to at least read 100 pages.
Yes. You're doing it all wrong.
I read a book a day. That doesn't answer your question but I felt like bragging.
I don't understand why you asked this question. Why would it matter how you read?
Why are you reading if you don't enjoy it?
Yes, it is wrong. 
Reading should not be a painful experience.  If you force yourself to "endure" an activity, you're not likely to begin enjoying it at any point.  Or, at least, that's my feeling on the subject.  

Take running.  I'd been told dozens, hundreds of times to "push through the pain" and "eventually, you'll come to love running."  Nope, when I think of running, I think of pain.  So, has enduring pain motivated me to love running? Nope. It makes me glad that I don't have to run.  Period.

When I *had to run* I set myself a goal to force myself not to quit running.  It did not increase my love of running, but it did keep me going.  I hated every minute of it; especially that last part where I was close to my goal.  I relished the finish line, thanking God I could finally stop running.  

So, if you simply want to force yourself to endure reading, fine.  If you want to learn to enjoy reading, find something to read that entices you to turn the next page, just to find out what happens next.
I love reading and I can't stop so idk how to give u advice 
Listen, I'm almost ready to go out and make a life in the wild. As soon as I've read these fourteen books, ok?
As someone who has seen a lot of Tasmania's north west, I found 'The Hunter' nearly unreadable. All references to Tasmanian towns, culture etc are omitted and Tasmania painted as an isolated middle of nowhere place. You'd easily forget humans have lived there for upwards of 15,000 years. It seems she got all her ecological info from a textbook without ever stepping foot in Tasmania. Her understanding of its people goes no further than 'noble [white] hunters lived here once, now it's all bogans and hippies'.
Beastings sounds interesting, anyone here recommend it?
know what i liked most about the list? the goodreads links! so easy to add to my want to read list! such convenience, much clicky.
Desert Solitaire isn't on this list? Absurd.


I would add Knut Hamsun's *Growth of the soil*, which awarded him the Nobel Prize. Really, really good book in my opinion.
I always liked Verne's *The Fur Country* myself.
Hire David Lynch for a TV series! Kyle McLachlan as Leto. Max Von Sydow as Liet-Kynes.
As shown by their [catalog](http://www.legendary.com/film/), they are really hit or miss. For every Interstellar there is a Suckerpunch.

Let's see what they've got. Bring back Patrick Stewart as King Leo.
Dune was the worst SF film I have seen, if you hadn't read the book ( I had) it must have been just word salad and incomprehensible imagery to you.
Please don't be bad. Please don't be bad. Please don't be bad.
Thanks for the suggestion -- I'll put it on my "to read" list. I noticed it's the second book in a series. Have you read the first book? Is *Treat us Like Dogs* confusing without having read *The School on Heart's Content Road* first?
That's really nice of him! I've always been tempted to ask him to sign his real name 'Jim Grant' on a Lee Child book
now i am tempted to set my house on fire.....

boo that you had to go through the ordeal of losing all your stuff. yay that you got a signed book and can now rebuild your collection and life. :D
[deleted]
Margaret Atwood. Her style of writing is beautiful, and her stories have a way of staying with me long after I've finished the books. 
I love the way she writes female characters, the way they're always so normal, with all the ugly beautiful humanness right under the surface. 
I feel as if a lot of her books and themes are comments on the society we live in as well, and that's something I quietly enjoy.
Kurt Vonnegut, definitely.  His writing style is wonderful and funny but it really cuts to the bone with its humanity and wit.  I can reread his books anytime and still get something new from them.
Haruki Murakami by far. I just love his mix between realism and surreal magic. First book I read by him was Norwegian Wood which I picked up just because I liked the title and it became my favorite novel after just one read. After that I went on a binge and bought everything else he'd written so far, and I can say that there wasn't one book I did not enjoy.

He also brought me to get into modern Japanese literature, and I found Ryu Murakami, Banana Yoshimoto, Kenzaburo Oe and Natsuo Kirino in the process, whom I all liked very much.

Edit: spelling.
Different writers offer different things, but overall I think the author who most broadly delivers consistently engaging plots, dimensional characters, and profound messages is actually Stephen king for me, which is funny because he has a reputation for being confined as a genre writer. I don't think any of his books even break my top 5, but his books are consistently great for me, whereas I find most authors have some great, some decent, etc. 
Philip K. Dick. I have read over 20 of his novels. He's the greatest sci-fi writer in my opinion. He packs hundreds of ideas in each book, any one would make an amazing story. He makes me question everything and each time I re-read a piece of work I see it in a completely new way. Genius.
As of right now, my answer would probably be Cormac McCarthy. But that could conceivably change once I've read more from writers like Atwood, Faulkner, Morrison, and Steinbeck, to name a few.
Ray Bradbury.  He was my first adult level writer (after having graduated from the Hardy Boys).  I first picked up the Martian Chronicles at age twelve and I credit it with teaching me to look at things from other people's perspectives.  Honorable mention goes to Frank Herbert who continued that education when I first picked up Dune at age fifteen.
My favorite writer is Isaac Asimov.  
I started reading his novels when I was about 12, and it was a brand new world to me. With time, I started to appreciate more not just the style, that is quite "pragmatic" relative to others, but also all the meanings behind his works. From the Foundation cycle, to the "I, robot" collection of short stories, it baffles me how an author of this caliber has not been taken more seriously in the schools. Just to give you food for thoughts (or what has fed mines for a long time), take as examples the implications of a combined science of sociology and mathematic (the psycho-history of the foundation cycle), which has had some development in mathematics with the field of population dynamics; or one of the most mind shattering story in "I, robot", at least for me: Reason, where he tries to explain what lies behind faith, by using logic (the same ordeal was taken by S. Augustine of Hippo with a different approach); or when, in the first chapter of his "book of physic", he tries to explain what makes us human and what differentiate us from animals.  
I really suggest to read his works not just for the stories themselves (which by the way are really enjoyable), but with an open mind about the implications of the concepts presented in them.
It's always been a tie between Kurt Vonnegut and Mark Twain, for me. I appreciate comedy on the face, with profundity in the soul.
Brandon Sanderson.

Great worlds, logical magic systems, interesting characters, non-conventional plots. What's not to like?
Overall, Terry Pratchett. His books are fun to read but there are so many good quotes and lessons to pull from them.

Vladimir Nabokov is worth noting for the prose alone.
Leo Tolstoy.

The way he portrays the life of a person is absolutely brilliant and, in my opinion, engaging. His characters feel as if they are real and likeable people. 
Easy question, hard to answer. While the 'old' literary classics, whether we're talking Dostoyevsky, Tolstoj, Joyce or others have had a significant impact on my reading and perception of litterature, I'll go in another direction.

Even though he has become almost too popular, I really appreciate what George R.R. Martin has done for fantasy. While there are a few impactful and very decent writers in the genre, starting with Tolkien, the genre had reached a point where very few publishers wanted to publish anything else than YA fantasy, without considering adults as a target audience for fantasy. This has changed with the popularity of A Song of Ice and Fire, and for this alone, he deserves all possible praise. Aside from that, being able to write in widely changing 1st person perspectives throughout the series, representing all characters as humans. There are few, if any truly good or evil characters in his fiction, and I admire his ability to write kids and adults, male or female, as complete relateable humans in a fantastic setting.

My definition of favorite writer changes from time to time though. Douglas Adams or Terry Pratchett might've gotten the nod, simply for being so darn fun. Orwell and Huxleys political works made me rethink my perception of both the world and our societies. I appreciate Murakami for writing outside of my western genre norms. It's an interesting question, I'm not sure about how to discuss it though.
Neil Gaiman. He weaves a perfect blend of fantasy, horror, whimsy, and realism for me. He has that way putting words together to say what you've always felt, and never knew how to express. It's like those words in foreign languages that express emotions that are otherwise nameless in english. That's how his writing makes me feel. I don't love everything he writes, but I can hear his voice in everything he writes, and his voice is what appeals to me. It's like stories you always felt are finally brought to life, and you realize "yes, this is the story I was waiting to read"

That's the best I can do to describe it.
Ernest Hemingway, I get pleasure from every line of his writing, his prose is beautifully poetic.

Also, as a 19 year old male I find his themes and stories really hit home for me. I am able to connect to every one of his characters in some way.
Irvine Welsh. As a Scot his work resonates with me. I'm used to the humor and the novels are more immersive when you know the setting. 
You could say Trainspotting got me into reading in the first place, but after reading his other work such as Maribou Stork Nightmares i was sold and then naturally, purchased the rest of his books. I love dark humor and morbid concepts so it goes hand in hand. And don't get me started on Begbie.
George Orwell hands down. If you read his bio he has seen a lot of stuff in his life. The way he takes real life experiences/scenarios and molds them into his books is stunning. 
I get a lot of flak for this when I tell people, but I would have to say Stephen King is my favorite writer. I get so engaged in his stories and I read until my eyes hurt and I physically can't continue. He has such talent in creating completely developed characters, even characters that only exist for a couple of pages. It's incredible.
Neil Gaiman. I've reached a point where if it has his name on it, I'll read it. Won't even worry about checking out the description or looking up reviews. I love all of his work. 
Philip Roth because he's absolutely hilarious and incomparably perceptive. Maybe not typically in the same books, but I find this to be true, nonetheless.
Bret Easton Ellis - the conversational stream of conciseness writing always draws me in. 
I always end up mentioning John Jeremiah Sullivan in these threads, to the point that I'm actually a little intimidated to go back and re-read his stuff. You know what they say, sometimes a book is great because of the moment you read it in. That said, I think the way that he approaches different subjects, and manages to layer meaning and nuance into his writing is fantastic. Both Pulphead as a collection, and Blood Horses as a memoir were tackling so much more than the surface suggested. Just a wonderful essayist and someone I always recommend to people.
Big fan of Roger Zelazny.

He got his start doing short stories for sf and fantasy pulps in the '60s, where he learned to gain and hold the reader's interest in a hurry.

He started writing novels in the late '60s, building on that skill set by writing effective short stories and expanding on them as chapters in larger works.

But he's best known for blurring the line between fantasy and sf. *Lord of Light* (1968 Hugo winner for best novel, and Nebula nominee in the same category) is an example of both the qualities I have just described. I have never spoken to anyone who has read it and not thoroughly enjoyed it. :)
George R.R Martin or J.R.R. Tolkien. Both have weaved such deeply imaginative and immersive worlds that have taken me away from all the struggles and stress of every day life. Is there anything better than hearing these epic stories? From Martin and being plunged into the Point of View of so many different characters and to Tolkien, and hearing such fantastic, heroic tales. Of course, Martin's work can be sad, and terrible, but still, it's simply incredible. The sheer complexity makes me just sit here in awe.
Jose Saramago. Not sure why, it just works
John Fowles.
I don't think this guy really gets the credit he deserves. His stories are intensely immersive (both via spellbinding plots and immersive settings), and his prose really is beautiful.  He wrote The Magus, The French Lieutenant's Woman, The Collector... If you've never heard of him, I'd suggest you check out his stories.  And really, the less you know going into them, the better.
Steinbeck because every reason.

The only faults in his writings (IMO) are the way women were almost universally portrayed in a very negative way, and the way he wrote about religion.
I have many favourites, but as for contemporaries, it has to be Jonathan Coe. His books always strike a cord with me.
Emile Zola (and similarly, Honore de Balzac) are my favorites right. I've really enjoyed what Zola did in writing the Rougon-marquart series of novels.
It's a toss-up between Robert A. Heinlein and Orson Scott Card.  They both have an uncanny ability to write very human characters and evoke the kind of emotions that choke you up.  Regardless of their personal lives or politics, they both certainly understand the human condition and can put it into words.
Just one?  No chance.  That's like asking who's my favorite musician, or filmmaker, or child.  
Kazuo Ishiguro has a beauty and restraint in his prose that hits like a punch to the stomach. Remains of the Day and Never Let Me Go are PHENOMENAL.
Milan Kundera.

The Unbearable Lightness of Being is the most true and real depiction/description of humanity and our condition you will ever read in all the world of fiction.

Every line in all of his novels, when he describes the motive of a character from his perspective, or an innate intangible truth of any emotion (in understandable humanistic words) is absolute beauty.

Have you ever questioned love? The ridiculousness of romance, the different aspects of sex? Life under totalitarianism? Infidelity? The human relationship with nature and animals? 

Kundera speaks of these things so clearly and concisely with a knowledge that seems almost deific, and still there are moments where he will admit he doesn't understand why x did y.

In my opinion, he is the most underrated writer (and terribly unknown in that respect, for the existential magnitude of his works) of the 20th century.
Hamsun.
Jack Kerouac.  

His rhythmic, descriptive prose keeps my mind enveloped throughout every page.  I love the way he describes the seemingly mundane and ordinary and makes them seem fantastic and important.  He helped me see the beauty in the small things in life, and his prose keeps me interested in his novels no matter what the actual subject matter is. 

His commonly expressed themes of feeling lost and searching for a greater truth in America are highly relate-able to my own feelings.  The subject matter of a lot of the stories he tells are entertaining to me (general debauchery, travel, booze, drugs, girls, nature).
As far as quality writing goes, another vote for Neil Gaiman. Not only is his imagination incredible, but it's combined with an ability with the English language that is just so far beyond the vast majority of other people...he's amazing. He can write in so many forms (long fiction, short fiction, picture books, graphic novels, poetry, tv shows, movies, blogs...) and it's ALL good. Who can do that??

For nostalgia/comfort/going back to over and over, Patricia C. Wrede wrote some YA books that will always be my favorite.
Oscar Wilde. His works are filled with wit and charm, and also heartbreak. Plus, he's infinitely quotable.
For a long I time I considered Carlos Ruiz Zafon my favorite writer. Reason being that I had never read another author that wrote atmosphere like he did. I never realized how important that aspect of a novel was until I read his books and became totally engrossed in their world. He's also able to intertwine the plot into the physical and social landscape of the setting, which only adds to the depth of the story.

The reason I say "I considered" is because I also heavily lean toward Rick Riordan, but for a different reason. I've read all his books since the original Percy Jackson, and I don't think I've ever seen another author evolve as much as he has. When I first started reading Magnus Chase, I hands down thought it was better than any PJO or HOO book. The main thing for me was that the characters seemed so much more *real* than any of the Percy Jackson characters. And it was because of that they were so much more believable and relateable. Not only that, but so much character diversity has been added since he first started writing. I believe that he realized just how wide his youth audience is. I mean he has a *genderfluid* character for godsakes. Comparing his writing and characters now to when he first started, it's obvious he's come a long way, and I'm happy because of that.
Dalailama

Very inspiring and life/love changing books :)
Herman Melville, for the doomed, lyrical, overwhelming perfection of Moby-Dick. Among several other great novels. 

Ray Bradbury, for being able to beautifully capture a moment that anybody can relate to, and just absolute magical storytelling. 

Neil Gaiman, for being this generation's Ray Bradbury. 

J.R.R. Tolkien, for masterfully creating the only piece of fantasy literature that matters, IMO. 

Charles Bukowski, for making poetry enjoyable to me and being a manic genius who can always say something profound in a simple way. 

Hunter S. Thompson, for making me laugh my ass off and cutting right to the heart of things in absurd ways (not to mention the awe-inspiring lifestyle). 

Notable mentions: Dostoevsky, Knut Hamsun, Goethe, Lewis Carroll, Lovecraft, Poe. 
R.J. Ellory, I liked all of his work so far.  
I got a few others I always like the books from, but Ellory is my favorite, I read that his style is not that easy to categorize, a mixt between thriller/noir with a touch of something else.  

It is now and will forever be Pat Conroy, who was taken from us far too soon.  
Steinbeck for making me love literature. When I was young I read lots of horror, SF, etc. Steinbeck was the first "serious" writer I read and he opened the door to Hemingway, Tolstoy, Faulkner, Brontes, Henry James, Melville, and many others. Still read lots of genre stuff but am a much more well-rounded reader because of Steinbeck.
Dorothy Parker. She was America's greatest wit, cleverest darling, and truly shaped the history of popular literature. Parker is truly inspiring, and I feel very lucky to have encountered her work as a young person. Her short stories are some of the most beautifully cutting examinations of the "average American Dream life" that I've ever read. She would have made a wonderful novelist.

Part of her appeal is her tragic existence, the tragedy in her never reaching her dream of writing the great American novel, of her deep dissatisfaction with her life. As with many of the best artists, she crafter her pain into some truly brilliant work. I think it's all very worthy, but if you haven't read some of her short stories, I would recommend it. "Big Blonde" won an O. Henry, and is one of the most poignant pieces of short literature to come out of the 20th century, in my opinion.
F. Scott Fitzgerald. I have two portraits of him tattooed on my legs and have read all of his work. You could take almost any two lines from any of his books and it could read as poetry. I'm also fascinated by Jazz Age culture in general, and a lot of that revolves around the Fitzgeralds. Funny, I had to read Gatsby for a high school English class and I hated it, but I read it again in college for fun and fell in love. I've been obsessed ever since! 
Seems strange to say it but Pynchon has become my favorite writer.  He is usually a pretty tough read.  However his writing is so off kilter that just when I start to bog down something hilarious and out of left field happens. Mason & Dixon blew my mind with its 18th century prose,  historical research,  and.... The unrelenting love of a French chef by a mechanical duck? 
George Saunders. He creates absurd yet believable dystopias with characters that somehow manage to reflect the best and the worst humanity has to offer. I love Margaret Atwood as well, but I'be seen her mentioned already. 
Georgette Heyer. Not only were her books so well-researched that some of them are used as teaching literature at Oxford University, but I have yet to find someone who writes/wrote with as much finesse, subtle wit, and grace that she did. She interjected wry and insightful observations about society at that time into her books so skillfully. Her humor is the kind that takes you by surprise by how damned funny it is. Her heroes and heroines are the kind that stay with you for years. I've been savoring her books over the years and I'm going to be so sad when I finally finish them all.
Kristin Hannah. Mostly because she sets her novels in western Washington where I live.

I also enjoy Lisa Genova because she writes about brain diseases.
Currently, Neal Stephenson. He's one of the best modren sci-fi writers. He always digs deeply into whatever he's writing about, unlike most authors who think the passing acquittance with the subject is enough to condemn it or misuse it for the sake of drama. I love his style and his heroes, and also he seems to be one of a very few western sci-fi authors who gives Russian heroes positive roles (but that's a minor point).

The only bad thing about him, he's not very good at writing endings. While I love nearly all his books ("The Big U" was the only one I disliked, and he disowned this one long ago), the last page always leaves something to be desired.
Terry Pratchett and Steven Erikson

Pratchett is the best satirist and humorist I have read. His books have multiple levels of comprehension and his treatment of Death is the best I have read, beating out Gaiman's Sandman. 

Steven Erikson is IMO the best fantasy author living. He defies fantasy convention, he plays with tropes, he does some of the most authentic and deep world-building I have ever read, and his books are a treasure to reread. 
aldous huxley...brave new world is beautiful, Visionary, timeless (unfortunately)... 
It's like asking mother to choose her favorite child.
Anyway here's the few of my favorites:
Murakami for his mystical surrealism, you read his work and something moves inside you that you haven't noticed until then.

Neil Gaiman for his storytelling and words, there is flow to his writing which pulls you into the fantastical current so smoothly, it feels like dream.

Brandon Sanderson far most great in worldbuilding, I have read all of his works.

John Green quite captures the adolescence.

We all have love-hate relationship with GRRM.

And Charles Bukowski and who doesn't love Arthur Conan Doyle
I've been reading a fair number of books this year (trying to do a 20-book reading challenge on Goodreads) and have read several Palahniuk books this summer.

Invisible Monsters was delightfully fucked up, and I just finished reading Survivor a few days ago.
Either Shirley Jackson or Robert Aickman. As a guy who writes (or tries to write) subtle, atmospheric horror with a literary bent, Jackson and Aickman's writing has been invaluable as a guide.

Honorary mentions: Franz Kafka, Jesse Ball, and Harlan Ellison.
Don DeLilllo. His ability to incorporate American culture into his novels along with his strong sense of the individual interacting within the society is unparalleled as far as I'm concerned. Thematically, he can be a bit repetitive, but still strong in his characters' development and motivations. 
Damn I have too many. Grace Paley, Susan Sontag, Zadie Smith. Atwood, Murakami. It's too many I'm sorry! :P
Kazuo Ishiguro is definitely one of my favourite authors. First book I read from him is the Remains of the Day and I fell in love with his writing style. There is always something hidden under the surface, but the main plot is quite simple and captivating. Can also highly recommended his new book the Buried Giant. 
Always a tough pick. But on the balance I think I need to say Lois McMaster Bujold.

Her novels never seem pulpy but are still page-turners; the prose flows well and is still accessible without being dumbed down; the characters are interesting and usually flawed somehow.

My opinion there is not original - she's a 4-time Hugo winner for 'best novel'.

There are a lot of authors whose work I enjoy: some for interesting prose, some for world-building, some for writing page-turners, and some frankly as guilty pleasures. But Bujold is the best balance for me and she consistently scores high in every category.
Steven Erikson: His dry, but somehow also lively and dark tone is part of what made *The Malazan Book of the Fallen* my favorite work of literature ever. The philosophical themes and living characters are also a plus in my book

Honorable mentions:

Stephen King, Shakespeare, Matthew Stover, Lovecraft
Probably Pynchon. I feel a real affinity with his worldview. Inherent Vice and Mason & Dixon are probably both among my two favourite novels of all time. The dude is able to tackle the complex and depressing realities of our world while not forgetting the truly good and important things that keep us going. And his books are beautifully written, very entertaining, and often hilarious. Many of my favourite scenes in fiction occur in his books. 

He keeps things incredibly real. The heroes never win all the way (not that they're traditional heroes anyhow) but they often find something to hold on to, and I really love the way some of these small personal triumphs contrast with the big bad systems that tend to serve as the antagonistic force of his novels. 

And I still have two of his books left to read. I'm basically saving them for when I need to read something guaranteed good. Even the misfire of Bleeding Edge was enjoyable and intelligent.
William Faulkner because I find his work grows with you over the years. 
Timothy Zahn.

I'll always love Sanderson's writing and Salvatore's books, but when I have to pick an absolute favorite, Zahn is it. His stories have an incredible way of giving you all the pieces but presenting them *just so* so that you don't put them together in the right order. Then the end hits and it all falls into place in a rush, and you're floored.

Crud, the guy gives you a mystery in *The Icarus Hunt* that you can solve about 1/4 to 1/3 into the book ... I've only ever met one person who figured it out before the big reveal. Guy's a *master* of the misdirect. Absolutely thrilling to read his stuff and try and figure out what's going on.
My favourites are like shifting sands. Anyway, I'll give a few. Pratchett, Tolkien and Philip K. Dick all comes to mind. Pratchett as he can be gentle, funny and wise. Tolkien is deep, enthralling and grand. Philip K. Dick is mindbending, provoking, befuddling and addictive.
Stephen King. No other author has been able to make me feel so many emotions with their writing. Except for George RR Martin. I recently read IT and he'd have me laughing with the Losers club one minute, spitting with fury at Beverly 's dad and feeling straight up terrified whenever Pennywise appeared.

Although no other book has made me feel so tense and anxious than Misery. 

His dialogue is consistently brilliant and realistic. He has a fantastic way of getting into a characters mind and making them jump off the page. Even though she terrifies the life out of me Annie Wilkes is one of his best characters and so well written. 
Don Winslow I just love him 
Matt Haig. 

I just find his writing so elegant. What I've read of his books they're always discussing almost philosophical things, in the form of well written fiction books. 
I have to go with Alexandre Dumas.

I could re-read Montecristo and the three Musketeers every year. 
Willa Cather. I enjoy how her characters express deep emotions in such universally relatable ways. Her writing is so fluid and detailed and the characters dynamic. I would rank her as one of the greatest American writers ever. Highly recommended her work.
Emile Gaboriau. Best ever but small selection. Influenced A Conan Doyle a lot. 
My girlfriend, she's an English student and she writes in her own time, she has done mainly fan fiction so far but is currently working on a great book. What I've seen so far so really impressive and gripping. This comes from an avid reader not just a boyfriend. When she publishes her book I'll let ya all know.
Just get The Norton Shakespeare, it skullfucks you with infinite knowledge.
I've always hated Lithub and many of their articles are particularly low-quality and entirely based on unproven assumption. This is one of them.

A fuckload of Latin American authors were published long before Bolano's death made him popular. The author blatantly ignores Latin Author's that have been available in translation for decades and are world-renown like Mario Vargas Llosa. 

Not a single thing stated in the article shows any correlation between Bolano being translated and an increase in works in translation by other Latin American authors.

> Bolaño influenced the trajectory of the publication of Latin American literature in a variety of ways. Most notably, he opened publishing channels by drawing readers’ attention to other writers in places like Chile, Mexico, and Argentina. He also helped turn English readers’ attention away from the Latin American books of the 80s and 90s, and back in the direction of the modernists and realists of the 60s boom.

This is just blatantly not true and there's no evidence to support it.

I'm no literary expert, but I found that [*House*](http://i.imgur.com/JoqJ1lK.jpg) *of Leaves* needs to be read with a grain of... sugar? Whatever the opposite of salt is. The book plays with conventions about reality as a running theme. It *expects* certain "accommodations" from the reader. Trying to lay out everything that happens in the overarching "story" in a nice neat row is an exercise in frustration. I'm interested to know how your (practically required) second reading goes for you.
Congrats on the read! It's a book unlike any other! I wasn't sold on the footnotes/appendices at first, but I came around, especially as the Truant story progressed. I read the book about 2 years ago, and I still have many of the same unanswered questions as you.  
> How did you interpret the "meta" plot at the end, where Navy is reading "House of Leaves" before the documentary the book is based on is even finished? 

I've read House of Leaves twice and I don't remember this happening at all.
> Did you guys feel like all of the footnotes and appendices helped you or hindered you in feeling invested in the book? 

the part with his mom writing all the letters and her saying shed put a check mark on them and then a check mark showed up later down the line in the actual story was the most effective piece of horror in a book ive ever read. that scared the shit out of me.
I think it's important to not forget why you are reading the book: for pleasure. Don't let yourself get hung up catching every footnote or hidden message. Don't get caught up trying to completely understand all of Johnny Truants ramblings. I tried this at first and the book became a tedious slog. Finally I said screw it and found that I enjoyed it much more.
*busts into this thread like the Kool Aid Man*

This is my favorite book ever. I love talking about it, omg. ;_; Fair warning, I have read it multiple times... at least five or six over the last ten years. 

> Did you guys feel like all of the footnotes and appendices helped you or hindered you in feeling invested in the book?

My opinion varies depending on the read-through. The first time, I loathed Johnny and thought his footnotes were distracting and gross. The second time around, I only read the Navidson Record, which was good in its own right... but later on I found I missed the Johnny frame story. A few years later, I went from hating Johnny to feeling deeply sorry for him. He was so clearly fabricating so many aspects of his life that I started questioning everything he told me, and he seemed a lot sadder than he did the first time around. 

I also read somewhere once that if you do some decryption work from the letters from his mother, there's a secret message that spells out, "My dear Zampano, who did you lose?" I never tried it out myself, so I don't know how accurate it is. But ever since then I've entertained the possibility that *Johnny* was Zampano, and the entire thing, even the Navidson Record, was a figment of his troubled imagination. 

>How did you interpret the "meta" plot at the end, where Navy is reading "House of Leaves" before the documentary the book is based on is even finished?

Ha, I remember the first time I read the book and got to that part. I almost threw it out the window because I was like, "HOW CAN THIS BOOK EXIST IN MY HANDS IF NAVY IS READING IT?" 

Over time, I've started to suspect that the dimensions of the house warp reality to such a degree that it was possible for Navy to exist both inside and outside the book at the same time. 

>Lastly, Johnny talks at the end about some people having read the completed book — where should we assume this book ended in our book?

That part always gave me a mind-bendy feeling, too. I think perhaps Johnny is just projecting at that point, wishing the mess he's been trying to fit together has actually been finished and well-received, but I don't have a definitive answer for that one. ... Or any of them, really. What I love most about the book is how every time I read it, I come away with a different interpretation of just about everything in it.
I remember reading some theory about Pelafina being the sole author of all of the stories, that Johnny Truant doesn't actually exist, or is not the Truant who wrote the stories.
Something like that. I remember really liking the book more after reading that particular theory...
First off let me suggest you stop by the MZD forums. A lot of people have written quite a bit of interesting stuff there.   

As for Navy reading HOL and Johnny's entry about the band with a first edition copy of the book, I think those questions have the same answer. Circle Round A Stone publications. You'll find that groups name in HOL when johnny looks at the bands print out. The interesting part is CRASP gets a nice double page spread at the beginning of each volume of his MZD's new series The Familiar.    
Its all about VEM.   
    
I suggest that if you want to dig deeper for answers from HOL, you should first look to the rest of MZD's works. Primarily "Clip4","All the lights of midnight" and "The Familiar". 
was it the best book you've ever read ever?  Please say yes.  Because it is the best book you've ever read ever.
"If something can stop you from writing a book, let it." -- some guy
I love seeing videos of Knausgaard because they reveal the more human part of his character. Because his writing in My Struggle is so brutally honest you sometimes get an image of him as being not a nice guy, but then you hear him in interviews and you see that while he is very analytical, it isn't necessarily in a cold or insensitive way. 

Makes me read his books in a different light. 
> According to the American Library Association website, Catch-22 was "banned in Strongsville, OH (1972), but the school board's action was overturned in 1976 by a U.S. District Court in Minarcini v. Strongsville City School District. Challenged at the Dallas, TX Independent School District high school libraries (1974); in Snoqualmie, WA (1979) because of its several references to women as 'whores.'"
Just so everyone is clear, it was banned in 1972 and the ban was overturned in 1976. I actually went to Strongsville High School and watched Catch-22, the movie, in one of my classes there, quite a few years after the ban. I definitely did a double take when I saw that headline.
I feel like when they told Joseph Heller about this, that he just laughed and laughed.
I have a problem with this.  

edit: at least I did until the decision was overturned in... *1976*!?  

Not so timely with the post there OP...
I can't tell if this was early indications of political correctness or just plain stupidity; indeed, I'm not sure if the two are mutually exclusive anymore, if ever.
I've spent my entire life reading and pondering on this series. From Wastelands to Wizard & Glass was a hell of a wait.
There's a paperback set up coming out very soon, but it's super expensive.

Check any used bookstore and you can find plenty of his hardcovers 
Fairly sure it doesn't exist, not in hardcover
The closest i can think of is the hardcovers to the marvel graphic novel series that adapts the story up to a point i believe.
Thanks for all the information. I think I'll bother my local bookstore and if they don't have it move my way up to bigger stores. 
If you read on a Kindle eReader or Kindle App (windows, Mac, iOS iPhone/iPad, android) you can highlight any word and it will pop-up the definition .

And the Kindle can be set to remember words you've looked up and provide flash cards later using the Vocabulary Builder feature.

I don't know your particular situation, whether English is a second language or it is a first language but you still lack certain vocabulary often used in writing.  I don't if that makes any difference in your ultimate approach, but the approach below is the one I used in learning a 2nd language and it works quite well.

1- Choose a chunk of material that is relatively short-- a few pages, maybe a chapter or half a chapter.

2- On first reading, just plow STRAIGHT through it.  Do not stop and look up.  Allow yourself to be confused BUT always do your best to figure out the meaning of specific words and the general gist from context. Read with a pencil in hand and *mark every word you do not understand with a dot*.

This does several things:

 - Saves time.  You're just plowing straight forward through the material without stopping for anything except to make the occasional dot.

 - Figuring out meaning of words via context is what the most fluent readers to, so you want to consciously practice that. Force yourself to guess what you *think* the meaning of unknown words is from context, even if this sometimes/often turns out to be wrong later.  "Trust the Force, Luke" - ie, you actually understand a lot more than you think, just from context. Allow that process to happen.

 - This whole process sets up the paradigm of "I wonder what this means / I need to know this / It is important" in your mind that is vitally important for starting the process of remembering the vocabulary and what it means. This process is vitally important to developing strong memories and it needs to unfold over a period of time in order for the memories to have any chance of sticking.

 - Again, it is OK to be confused. ALLOW YOURSELF to be confused. You will become un-confused in due time and allowing yourself to be confused is the first--and very important--step in the learning process.

3- Write down the unknown words and put them on a list.  You could type them into a computer, put them on flashcards, use an electronic system, whatever.  I just wrote them down in a little notebook I carried everywhere. Nowadays I might keep them in a google doc or something.

 - Pick and choose a bit among all the numerous words you have marked with a dot as you read. Try to choose only the most important words to add to your list--the ones you have seen a few times now, the ones that are especially key to meaning, etc.  A little selection process helps emphasize to yourself that the ones you finally do choose are **important** which again is a key to the memory process.

 - It's more important to learn a few key words well than try to down a firehose of new words and none of them stick.  If you could actually *learn* 5-10 new words every day, your vocabulary would be noticeably improved in 1-2 months and amazingly improved in 1-2 years.  I wouldn't put down more than maybe 10-20 new words on my biggest days and maybe 5-10 more on average.  Again that means you must pick and choose--filter.  This filtering process is the first (and in many ways, most important) step in the learning process for the new vocab.

4- Now get your list of new words, look those words up, and jot down a definition and whatever else you need to know about the word (ie, how to form plurals, verb tenses, or whatever else you don't know about using the word)

 - Strongly suggest summarizing the key points of the definition in your own words, not just copy/pasting from the dictionary.  You don't need the entire dictionary definition, just enough to remind **you** of what the word means.  (Again, reforming ideas in your own words and summarizing them for yourself is a vital step in the learning process.  Copy/paste is quick but literally does nothing to help you learn.)

5- Review the list of words a time or two. In my little notebook I would read through the list a time or two, then cover up the word & try to guess it from the definition, then also cover up the definition & try to give it from the word.

6- Now go back & read the section/chapter of the book and tah-dum!  Your reading will go much faster this time and you'll find you actually understand it quite well this time around. Even if you don't quite remember some of the words yet, a quick glance at your list for the shaky ones and you are all set.

 - Re-reading seems like a giant waste of time, but if you are actually needing to stop and look up *that many* words, believe me you are missing a big chunk of what is going on even though you are stopping to look some words up.  You'll find that re-reading know that you understand specific key words is very rewarding, and you will start to understand many things you may have missed the first time around.

7- Now you have a sheet of new words you have learned today that you keep together with all of your other daily word sheets (or flashcards or google docs or whatever system you use). Older sheets get reviewed periodically (again cover the word/guess the definition and then do the reverse) - maybe once a day for a while, then once every two days, then once a week, then once a month.  Then maybe once a year.

 - I like the idea of keeping together the words you learned while reading on a certain day or reading a certain book. Because when I go back & review the old words it is not just a "word in splendid isolation" now.  Instead, I remember clearly the book I first read that word in, what the context was, what the importance of that word was to the book, etc etc etc.  Again, context is the key to memory, so saving a bit of that context in your word lists is very, very profitable in terms of learning and retaining vocabulary.

    So I keep all the word lists I have generated in one notebook, kept in the order I learned them (another key bit of personal context), and all together with the other words I learned from that particular book or article.  And when I review, I'll generally review all the words on page page together--again bringing that whole context back to mind as I review the word.

After following this general process for about two months I found I could read newspapers in my foreign language without needing to look up too many words. 

Later, I followed a similar process for more literary books we read as part of college courses in that language. Again after just a couple of months of doing this pretty intensively I found I could suddenly "just read" those kinds of books without feeling I needed to stop & look up every 5th word. (I still followed the process with my little notebook, but I would end up a short story with say 2-3 new words, not 20-30 as usually happened in the beginning.)

Recently I followed the same generally process again (after almost 30 years not speaking that language much) and once again after 2-3 months of this process I can pretty well follow foreign language radio broadcasts while being puzzled by only the occasional word, not the whole thing.
You could jot them down to look up later... I've read challenging books where I make a vocabulary list inside the front cover! I don't necessarily look up the words right away, but I  do eventually.
After a while, you "get" most words, but sometimes you have to find out what a new one means. Either you look it up, or jot it down to check it later. Next time, you'll probably remember what it means.

It happens less and less often the more you read. Over time, your reading vocabulary just *grows*.
there's reading critically and reading for pleasure. usually people read a book for pleasure.

if you enjoy the book you can go back through and do a completionist run where you keep a word list of all the words you had to look up and then spend 10 minutes each day reviewing that list. not only is vocabulary important but also history and context. there's always a lot of outside research you can do on the time period & such to get a better picture of the story. you can also outline every chapter and try to piece together why the author told what parts where & how he did it.
I sometime look the words up online, visualize them and re-read the sentence they are in and really play that out like a movie in my mind. I was also given a Kindle for Xmas a few years ago and it has made my vocabulary so much stronger.
Try to figure out the word by using the words and sentences around the unknown word. This is called using context clues. If you still can not figure it out , keep your phone nearby and use Dictionary.com.
This will give you the word meanings and synonyms. 
Keep reading- 😀your vocabulary will increase and those words you have a hard time remembering will be remembered after coming across them 2-3 times. Best of luck !
Hope that context is enough? I mean, that's how I learn a lot of words...then again, I just learned I've been using 'peruse' wrong my whole life. I thought it meant to sort of glance over. But apparently it means to study intensely or really in depth.
Pick up a dictionary. A big one. Read it, cover to cover.

If you survive, you'll have a much bigger vocabulary.
Use google voice search for the word  way, you can keep reading. Repeating the word a few times helps me with memory.
Well one way would be to start expanding your general vocabulary outside of reading. 

There is a spaced repetition program for the computer/tablets/phones called Anki. You can download card packs, SAT or GRE word lists for example, and learn them with just a small daily commitment.
Amazon Kindle app has a dictionary feature. It works well, but my only gripe is that nobody seems to have dictionaries for scientific definitions (For my sci-fi reading) and stuff. But it also links to wikipedia!

Or you could write it down for later lookup, and simply attempt to figure out the word usage via context!
This may not be the advice you're looking for, but learn a Romance language like Spanish, Italian or French. My first language growing up was Spanish, and I liked to read from a very young age in English and I noticed that I instinctively knew what many long, technical words meant. Since then I've realized that those words often have Latin origins, and as a Romance language, Spanish is derived from Latin. For example, the word Malicious. I have never had to look up that word, because the word Mal means Bad in Spanish. So I just assumed malicious meant bad in some way, and I then I would put my assumed definition into the context of the sentence and then know exactly what it meant.
Read on a device that gas a dictionary built in. Google Books let's you long press for the definition. 

Forgetting words? Who cares, if they come up enough you'll eventually remember. If you never hear the word again it'l was not very useful anyways.
E-readers are nice in that you can instantly look up words. 

Other than that your best bet is to just take the time to look up the words. That simple act will do a lot to ensure you remember the word in the future. But it's no great sin to look up a word a second time. 

Over time your best bet is to simply keep reading and your vocabulary will grow naturally. 
Try to Vocabulary.com app.  It's pretty fun.
I read with a pencil and circle any words I don't know and come back later to look them up. However, if I can't understand the sentence without looking the word up, (pretty rare) then I'll just look it up as I'm reading.
google?
[deleted]
[deleted]
I loved the way it starts small. If I remember it rightly - and it's a long time ago - one man finds evidence of what the lights in the sky really mean on Earth.... It's very different from modern invasion blockbusters, where the whole world knows from the start that there's big trouble ahead. I also loved the idea of the ending - no spoilers here - when there's help from the unlikeliest of sources. It's a step ahead of most modern science fiction fantasy, when people move from one planetary eco-system to another with never a second thought for what they might be ingesting.

And when I first read it, I was a astonished that a whole genre had been invented so damn' long ago. 1897!
Apparently, some of the sentiments about Martians were echoes of a then-trope that Mars was an already-ancient empire looking to conquer Earth. Considering the time it was published, I guess it kind of makes sense. 
I read an analysis a long time ago (source unknown) that thought *The War of the Worlds* was Wells' reaction to the Victorian-era hubris that technology will conquer all and render nature obsolete. The industrial revolution was 50 years strong at the point Wells' wrote this book and there was a prevailing belief that nature had been conquered.^*

^* Also an analysis of the fascination in the sinking of the *Titanic*, "the unsinkable ship", where humans got their comeuppance from nature.
Today's authors would probably title it

*Mars: A War Between Two Worlds*

Book titling needs to have a colonectomy.
Wonderful. It will make very good kindling for those who are left after its realised that the tipping point is behind us.
It depends completely on the content and my mindset at the time. Some days, 35-40 pages an hour because I'm distracted.

Other days, I can read a hell of a lot more. 1100-1200 pages in a weekend, easily. 
Yeah. About 100. I love a book that slows me down, but few do.
It varies depending on the content. A book of dense, longer sentences or content requiring some thought will take me longer to read as opposed to a book of lightly written short stories.

I've never measured my reading rate so I can't give any real numbers on it though.
About 7,000 pages. We are talking matchbox size books with size 20 font, right?
I read anywhere between 70 and 100, the more I read, the faster I got.
Really depends on the page. When I was a kid we averaged the words per page in Harry Potter and Lord of the Ring and, in the copies our school library had, they were nowhere near the same. I think the LOTR copy we had was double or triple the number of words per page compared to the Harry Potter book.

I read about an "average" page a minute back then.

Since I use a Kindle now that measure has become a bit less meaningful. I could do the math, but it's a curiosity and I'm not that curious right now.
It depends on how much I expect to retain.  If I'm reading for pleasure, around 50-80 pages an hour.  If I'm reading for school, work, etc., usually 100.  

My rate has stayed fairly consistent over the years, although it's probably dropped, somewhat recently.  
Completely depends on the book.  Heavier stuff that causes me to think more slows me down, while brain candy just flies right by.

I'd say I average 60 pages or so an hour.
I'm the type of reader who almost always will take a break at every chapter of section break. I find the breakup helps me digest what I'm reading.
Depends on the book, really. REALLY. I'd say an average of a page a minute though. 
It depends on the book.  Average case, 40-50 pages per hour.  If it's a difficult book or something that I need to know well, I'll slow down and do more review and cross-referencing.  
I'm not quite as slow as you, but still pretty slow. Probably about 30-40 pages an hour. It does put me off books that are too heavy on description. 
I read very fast. Anywhere from 200 pages/hour for a 'light' paperback (cozy mystery, etc.) to 50/hr (anything that involves long Russian names). And yes, I read a lot. 200-300 books/year. In my high school yearbook, the staff made joke predictions as to what everyone would be doing in 20 years. Mine was that I would have read all the books in the Library of Congress.
About 100 
I never read without music in my ears and print size matters greatly. But about 70-100 depending on the print. 
I am much like you, friend: around 20-30 pages per hour, maybe faster if it's a light read. I made a post like yours a while back, and was encouraged by several to not focus so much on how fast I read, and just to enjoy the book. I stand by that advice.
**Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, by J.K.Rowling**

Currently re-reading the whole series, this one's the hardest to get through for me, Harry can be such a self centered and whiny twat
The Art of War, Sun Tzu 
**Mort by Terry Pratchett**
**I Know This Much is True, by Wally Lamb**  

Found it on some long books that are worth the read list. 
**Royal Assassin, by Robin Hobb**

I finished Assassin's Apprentice yesterday and bought this book today. Currently roughly 100 pages in and I'm loving this miserable ride. I'm glad I persisted with the first of this series, as I started to get bored of it but kept reading because I'd seen a few people post that it gets better when you get into it. 
**The Virgin Suicides, by Jeffrey Eugenides**

Picked this up after finishing "Middlesex" by Eugenides, which won the Pulitzer for fiction a few years ago. About halfway through it now...great so far!

**Anagrams, by Lorrie Moore**

It's the first novel by Lorrie Moore, who is probably my favorite short story writer. I've read "Birds of America: Stories" by her a couple of times and highly recommend it. Her ability to create such flawed and broken characters makes me feel like there's a knife in my heart when I finish anything by her. 
Night, by Elie Wiesel
**Animal, Vegetable, Miracle** by Barbra Kingsolver .

This book is about a wife and husband with two daughters try growing the town food for a year and buying local produce within a 100 radius of where they live. I'm reading this because I want to get into homesteading and I absolutely love it! About half way done
**11/22/63 by Stephen King**
**Red Seas Under Red Skies by Scott Lynch**
**How to be alone, by Sara Maitland (from the School of Life).**

Dipping my toes in a slightly unfamiliar genre - self help books. I'm currently on p.70, but up until it now it was mostly a sort of rant on why being alone isn't necessarily bad. This isn't too helpful at all, to be honest, but I still have high hopes for it. 
**Inkspell, by Cornelia Funke**

**Plato on Love, by Plato, Editor C.D.C. Reeve**


I'm listening to Inkspell on audiobook, it's just sort of YA fantasy trash for my mornings drinking tea and my commute. I'd never finished the series in middle school so I'm revisiting because it's a hilarious experience.


Plato on Love I'd read for a class in college called Love and Friendship in Antiquity, and it rattled my conception of relationships. I'm very slowly plugging through it to reread it.

The Hunt for Red October, Tom Clancy

I loved the first three movies so I figured I should finally get around to these books. If anyone has any suggestions for another similar type of series, maybe in a more modern setting, I'd love to hear about it.
Reading four things at the moment :D

The first two im reading only at home, in physical form. 
**Sandman: Fables &amp; Reflections (Volume 6), by Neil Gaiman**

**The Bad Beginning, by Lemony Snicket**

This one I listen to (Audible) on my way to school and work. I'll finish it this week. 

**The Deep Blue Good-by, by John D. MacDonald**

This book I'm starting on today, reading while im at work. (Kindle)
**The Stars my Destination, by Alfred Bester**

Joyland, Stephen King.
**The Outsider, Albert Camus**
**Three Dark Crowns, by Kendare Blake**  
In every generation, a set of triplets are born possessing magical abilities. To obtain the throne, they must fight one another for the crown. I'm really into YA right now (don't hate me) and I'm loving this book so far!  
**Captive Prince, by C. S. Pacat**  
I just finished reading this book and I'm really excited for the other two of the trilogy.
**The Man in the High Castle, by Phillip K. Dick** and **The Celts: A Very Short Introduction, by Barry Cunliffe.**
Probably my last books of the year except for re-reading some old favourites.
**The Sun Also Rises, by Ernest Hemingway**

Had my heart broken by The Old Man and the Sea and A Farewell to Arms, totally expecting to have my heart broken again
**The Dark Tower VII: The Dark Tower, by Stephen King** 

(Redundant title, and possible spoilers below)

I'm finally getting to the end of the series after first reading The Gunslinger maybe three years ago. I'm about halfway through book seven now (yes, I read The Wind Through The Keyhole in the appropriate spot on the timeline), and I'd have to say my only major complaint about the series is the fact that King wrote himself into it. In a way, I understand why he did it, but it sort of cheapens things for me. Other than that, I'm really looking forward to seeing how the end plays out, and I've read about 400 pages in two days. 

**The Silmarillion, by J.R.R. Tolkien**

I'm a huge Tolkien/LOTR fan, but the only time I've read The Silmarillion was when I first got a copy of it about 12 years ago. Re-reading in preparation for my annual reading of LOTR. It's a very dry book most of the time, but there truly are some great stories in here. 
The stand Stephen king extended version 
**The Troop, by Nick Cutter**

It was the reddit book club pick for last month. I wanted a spooky horror novel. What I got was a twisted gore fest that makes me wonder about the author's mental state. That all being said, I'm almost finished with it, so it's not terrible.
Papillon, by Henri charrière.

A newbie in reading.Heard a lot of this classic.
High hopes.
**Everythings Eventual: 14 Dark Tales, by Stephen King** This is my first time reading anything by King and I'm loving it. I came into it thinking it was going to be very focused on the horror genre, however I was amazed how varied his stories, atmospheres, and characters are. Some of the short stories are better than others, but they have all been entertaining and kept me engaged. 
I am reading **As I Lay Dying, by William Faulkner** as my first ever Faulkner read. And it's like doing deadlift with my brain.
**Anne Frank the biography by Melissa Müller**
Neverwhere, by Neil Gaiman
**Death in the Afternoon by Ernest Hemingway**

Just needed some comfort reading this week and Hem writing about bullfighting works for me
**Onward, by Howard Schultz**

Basically his story as founder and ceo of Starbucks. It's interesting, because even though Starbucks is ridiculed as the soulless death of coffee, it's very apparent how passionate Schultz is and always has been about the integrity of the company and the experience they create for their customers. The book is actually a lot better than I was expecting. 
Finished **Maus: A Survivor's Tale: My Father Bleeds History, by Art Spiegelman**. It took me a couple of hours, at most. Loved it! It's heartbreaking at times; even so many years later, the father, Vladek Spiegelman, remembers almost everything, and certain memories are obviously still painful to him. I can't wait to read part II. 

Meanwhile, I'm still working on **The Noonday Demon: An Atlas of Depression, by Andrew Solomon**. It's taking me very long, but it's not dull at all, just a bit tiresome at times due to its obviously heavy substance.

I'm also reading **The Tell-Tale Heart and Other Writings, by Edgar Allan Poe**. I'm not sure what to say.. It's very good; the madness basically falls of the page. Yet, somehow, I don't really connect. I have this problem with older works, where I see it's good but it doesn't do very much for me. 

EDIT: Just finished **The Sunset Limited, by Cormac McCarthy**, a play of his from 2006. An absolutely devastating read. Wouldn't recommend it to people with troubled minds. Good lord. 
**The Time of Contempt, by Andrzej Sapkowski**

The second novel in the Witcher series. It's been a fairly quick and addicting read so far.
**The Practice and Theory of Individual Psychology, by Alfred Adler**. Just done with it, useful piece for therapy, i'd say.

And i'll start **Don Quijote, by Cervantes**. I'm really excited about this title, i hope it's going to hold up to the expectations.

L.E. : I'm through with only 50 pages, but this has already convinced me that the novel is absolutely brilliant. 
**Stories of your Life, by Ted Chiang**
I watched "Arrival" on opening night, then went to a bookstore to find the source material (backwards, I know.) 
I've read 5 of the 8 short stories, working on a sixth. Currently, the story "Seventy Two Letters" is pulling me in to an ethical quandary about the labour of complex or simple machines [golem]. It's been a refreshing look at science fiction.
**Harry Potter and the Deathly Hollows, by J.K Rowling**
**The Bone Clocks, by David Mitchell.**
**Cloud Atlas, by David Mitchell** - I finished this one this morning and I'm trying to decide how I feel about it. Pros: his sense of humor, the brief moments of clarity, Somni-451. Cons: self indulgent and pretentious, horrible after thought "sex scenes" (two I can remember), and the wisdom or philosophy he is trying to impart on the reader is probably not worth all the effort of reading it. Maybe it's because I came from Steinbeck's East of Eden, which blew my mind, but I'm pretty underwhelmed with David Mitchell. Halfway through, I thought I might order another of his books, but for now I think I'll pass.

So I'm picking up **Cat's Cradle, by Kurt Vonnegut** (my first Vonnegut experience). If I trudge through another book right now, I probably won't pick up another until Christmas and that'd be a shame, so I'm operating under the impression that Kurt Vonnegut is the man I need right now.  My other choices were Pale Fire by Nabakov (which will definitely have to wait after coming from Cloud Atlas), Grapes of Wrath by Steinbeck (think I'll save for Christmas), and Mom and Me and Mom by Maya Angelou. 
**The Man in the High Castle, by Philip K. Dick**

I'm just two chapters in and I really like the alternate history it's set in.
**The Long Mars, by Terry Prachett and Stephen Baxter**

The third in their Long Earth series and I'm finding it pretty good so far (about halfway). One thing I have realised is that each book is absent of any major climax - they kind of just...end. Using the story as a way to highlight man's many flaws seems to have been more important to the authors. But it's like a slow steam train journey - relaxing and enjoyable, even  if it's absent of much excitement. 
**Small great things, by Jodi Picoult.** Has been really interesting and captivating so far. Also, very different from the horror stories I've been reading lately. 
**The Road, by Cormac McCarthy**
**The Bourne Identity, by Robert Ludlum**
I don't normally like reading a book after watching the movie first but so far I like getting more of the backstory.
Catcher In The Rye, by S.D Salinger
 
Classic but a goodie
**Cloud Atlas, by David Mitchell**

Last night, I finished **The Road, by Cormac McCarthy** and really enjoyed it.
**Candide, by Voltaire** for the second time. I feel like I'm slipping down a slide at a water park reading this book.
** Prisoners of Geography, by Tim Marshall **
**The Return of the King by J.R.R. Tolkien** This is my first reading of lotr and I'm loving it! I put it off for ages as I felt I already knew the plot and I'd heard the books are quite dry.
Have to admit I've skipped 80% of the songs but apart from that I'm so absorbed in this series...
All the Light We Cannot See, by Anthony Doerr

I'm reading this book for the second time.   It is so intricately and lyrically written.   
Finished **Days of Abandonment, by Elena Ferrante**.  I liked it and the style of writing very much.

Now reading **Dark Matter, by Blake Crouch**.  Just got started so I am not sure yet.
I'm bouncing between 3 right now: **The Martian, by Andy Weir**, **The Scarlet Gospels, by Clive Barker**, and **Sword of Destiny, by Andrzej Sapkowski** (as I continue with the Witcher series).
**Tampa, by Alissa Nutting**

This 26-year old attractive female has an unnatural attraction to teenage boys. And of course she chooses to be a teacher. She's very manipulative and sexually aggressive. The book is indeed shocking but, I must say, well-written. I've never read American Psycho buttttt I'd be interested if somenoe has read both of these books and can make some comparisons bc this chick is ... I mean, no words. 
**The Girls, by Emma Cline**. Haven't had a chance to get into it -- I do most of my reading during my lunchbreak, outside, and when I started on Friday it was the start of the first winter storm: cold with a wonderful mix of snow and rain that would have made reading a little awful.

The night before I'd finished **Friday Night Lights, by H.G. Bissinger**. Gawdam am I glad I read that. Too good and too relevant. You'd like to think that the US has changed enough in the 26 years since that book was published. Nope. There are still politicians who are happy to keep working a non-essential issue just because it's important to the voters. There are still school administrations who cut out academics for sports. There are still poor kids being milked for their athletic talent with the promise that they too can go pro. There are still racists who are fantastic at their justifications.  
The Gunslinger, Stephen King

I've already read this one, but it has been 10 or 11 years ago. I heard a rumor that it was being turned into a movie so I am trying to get through the series before that happens. I haven't been reading so I am struggling a little bit on building a good routine. 

Edit: I don't know how to do bold. 
It by Stephen King

Still chugging through it. 
**The Stand, by Stephen King**

I'm excited to not have to look up the proper spelling of the author's name for once! I'm through "book one" and about 40% through the book after just under a week. It's a big one, but I'm really enjoying it so far. This is my first venture into the world of King. I'm not sure I like where this is going with a supernatural being pulling people to the west, but I'm excited to see how it plays out, and I suppose I should have expected supernatural stuff from King. I love the lead up to apocalypse and the descriptions of people and cities abandoned by the mass die off. 
**The Handmaid's Tale, by Margaret Atwood** has been on my to-read list for a while and I'm so glad I decided to pick it up this week. It's so good! Apparently there's a Hulu series coming out in 2017. 
**Sleeping Giants, by Sylvain Neuvel**

**Kitchen Confidential, by Anthony Bourdain** Audio book 
**1984, by George Orwell**

I felt as if I was the only one who hadn't read it, so I was obligated to at least start it. So far, I love it! Best 50 cents ever spent at a secondhand bookstore.
**Brave New World, by Aldous Huxley** 

So far enjoying it. Amazed at how Mr. Huxley was able to give an accurate glimpse of these times at that time. I think establishment of human making factories (or corporations), like the ones portrayed in the book, would have been possible if human cloning had not been deemed unethical.
**The Watchmaker of Filigree Street, by Natasha Pulley**

I just started it yesterday and I'm only 40-something pages in, but I kind of like the setting already. I initially picked it up just because of the cool-looking cover and it seems that I made a good choice.
Cat's Cradle by Kurt Vonnegut 
Switching back and forth between **Pale Fire** by Vladimir Nabokov and **The Broom of the System** by David Foster Wallace.
**Monster by Frank Peretti** and **Champion by Marie Lu**
**If on a winter's night a traveler, by Italo Calvino**, this one is for a book club.  Very interesting book so far (about a quarter of the way through).

**The Edge of the World, by Michael Pye**.  Picked this one up at Wegmans on a whim.  Seems pretty cool so far, only about a chapter in.  I'm looking to start reading more non-fiction so this seems like a good stepping stone into the field, it reads a lot like fiction.
**The Last Town, by Blake Crouch** 

Third and final book in the Wayward Pines trilogy. 
This week I'm slowly going through **The Jazz of Physics, by Stephon Alexander**

I really like the idea of going deeper into music by looking into the physics behind it. So far in the beginning it gives you an overview of important concepts in quantum mechanics, and then it'll probably apply these ideas to music later on.  
**Let The Right One In, by John Ajvide Lindqvist** 
**The Communist Manifesto, by Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels**

**The Paradiso, by Dante Alighieri** 

**White Trash. The 400-year Untold History of Class in America., by Nancy Isenberg** 
When Breath Becomes Air, by Paul Kalanithi 
**Rooms, by Lauren Oliver.** It's an unusual take on a ghost story - I am really enjoying it. It's a nice quick read too.

After that I have **A Head Full of Ghosts, by Paul Tremblay.**
**A Manual For Cleaning Women by Lucia Berlin**
Recommended to me by a friend that is interested in short/flash fiction. So far so good.
**Two by Two by Nicholas Sparks**

**Seveneves by Neal Stephenson**
**1Q84, by Haruki Murakami** (a bit into Book 2, liking it so far)
**All The Light We Cannot See, By Anthony Doerr**

**The Bazaar of Bad Dreams, By Stephen King**

Just finished Cat's Cradle and Slaughterhouse Five, so want to take a break from Vonnegut. I've heard nothing but praise from this book so I'm going to give it a shot on my 3 days off. Also reading a short story collection by King in between.
**To kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee**
The American Sniper. It's a fantastic book. 
**Game of Thrones, by George R. R. Martin**

I watched and loved the tv show and now I want to start reading the books. Even that I already know what happens, I'm enjoying it like if I had never watched the show.
The Lord of Chaos, Robert Jordan

I'm rereading the entire Wheel of Time series. I do so every few years because I love the books. This is probably my 6th or 7th read through since I first picked them up. 
* **Insatiable, by Asa Akira** 
Halfway through, and I appreciate her blunt and terse nature of describing the porn industry. She doesn't glorify anything nor does she every apologies for her temerity. Pretty humorous as well. 

* **Richard Yates, by Tao Lin** 
Also halfway through. This is my second venture into Tao Lin, following *Tai Pai* a couple years back. Having polarized and somewhat schizophrenic thoughts on it thus far as it goes between the voice of an angst-ridden teenager to a surreal yet honest portrait to how we communicate in a narcissistic age. 

*On deck to read...* 

* **Binary Star, by Sarah Gerard**
One of the most lauded literary debuts in the small-indie press within the last year. I know nothing about its premise or writer, but it comes from one of my favorite presses--Two Dollar Radio--and I've read nothing but amazing work from them.
**When Breath Becomes Air, by Paul Kalanithi**

Couldn't put it down.  A memoir of a young neurosurgeon who gets cancer towards the end of his residency.  
**One Hundred Years of Solitude, by Gabriel Garcia-Marquez**
The Sellout, by Paul Beatty
Planning on finishing **Star Wars: Catalyst, by James Luceno** tonight. I read about 85% of it on the plane home last night. Then it's back to either **Ahsoka, by E. K. Johnston** or **Caliban's War, by James S. A. Corey** before I start my new book club book, **Headhunters, by Jo Nesbo**
**Les Miserables, by Victor Hugo**
My five previous attempts were interrupted by TDY's or PCS moves.  The time at last has come.
**The Last Town, by Blake Crouch**
**Economics in One Lesson, by Henry Hazlitt**

8% through. Seems as though it will be in the same style of Bastiat's writing, and Hazlitt acknowledged him as a primary influence on this book. 
**The Secret History, by Donna Tartt**
By far, very interesting and mysterious; I find her style really good, and not overly complex for a non-native English speaker.
**All the King's Men by Robert Penn Warren.** It's been on my shelf for a while now, finally getting a chance to read some of it while I'm on break.
**The Complete Cosmicomics, by Italo Calvino**
  
  
I've read several of his, including *Invisible Cities*, *If on. Winter's night a traveler*, and *The Non-existent Knight*...he's quickly becoming an all-time favorite.  He has a way of putting a wry smile on my face with everything he writes.  

This one, (only a few stories in), you can tell that the non-linear post-modernism that would be on full display in *invisible cities* is present.  Our protagonist qfwfq can be any number of beings at any number of points in the universe!  It creates a fun unreality combined with qfwfq's informal tone when describing the origins of the concepts of space and time.

Mistborn by Brandon Sanderson 
Finished **Titus Awakes, by Maeve Gilmore** this week and have just moved on to **We Need to Talk About Kevin, by Lionel Shriver**.
**The Magician King by Lev Grossman**

It's the second book in The Magicians trilogy, and so far I haven't seen any second book syndrome! In face, I think this was was easier to get into, and possibly more entertaining than the first one.
**The Croning, by Laird Barron**
The Light Fantastic by Terry Pratchett

I'm halfway through it! Just finished The Colour of Magic a few days ago. I already have Equal Rites and Mort rented from the library but I have a few other books checked out too. After The Light Fantastic I may start The Blade Itself by Joe Abercrombie, Lamb by Christopher Moore, or Cat's Cradle by Kurt Vonnegut. Or possibly Neuromancer or The Man in the High Castle. Or maybe Neverwhere. I don't know which should be next!!

Any suggestions? 
**The Romanovs, by Simon Sebag Montefiore** 

I'm not the biggest fan of nonfiction but a friend who introduced me to some of my favourite books recommended it. Figured it might be worth a shot.
**Imajica by Clive Barker**
The walking dead compendium 1, Robert Kirkman

Leviathan Wakes, by James SA Corey


Ready Player One, by Ernest Cline

I actually finished it last night. I am exactly the target demographic for this book and it was so... meh. I really don't get the hype.
**The Bell Jar, Sylvia Plath**

I have finally gotten around to picking up this book and I am not disappointed yet and I don't expect to be. The author truly knew how to grab you and suck you into the book!
**A Little Life, by Hanya Yanagihara.**

Big books intimidate me but there are so many lengthy books I'd like to read and I've heard a lot of good things (and some bad things) about this one so I hope I'll enjoy it.
**The Man in the Brown Suit, by Agatha Christie**
Because I need a fun, easy-to-read, mystery break!
I'm re-reading **Stories of your life and others, by Ted Chiang** and just picked up **Beggars in Spain, by Nancy Kress**.
**The Nix, by Nathan Hill**

I like it so far. A bit unconventional in writing style, but it flows well and is interesting albeit scatterbrained. I rarely read books this long so it'll be interesting to see how long it'll take me to finish. So far I'm reading it pretty quickly though while still retaining the material. 
**Dark Matter, Blake Crouch**

I've enjoyed it so far. Probably gonna finish it today. It caught my attention very quickly and held it till the second half of the novel. At that point, it got repetitive and I almost started getting annoyed at the writing style. Short sentences, quick action, lots of internal character thoughts. Still - I'm willing to give his **Wayward Pines** series a try.
Blink, by Malcolm Gladwell
**Jonathan Strange and Mr Norrell, by Susannah Clarke** Really enjoying this book. There hasn't been that much happening so far (35% in) but the character descriptions are so lively it's really drawn me in.
**The Dispossessed by Ursula K. Le Guin** and
**Norwegian Wood by Haruki Murakami**
**Warheart, by Terry Goodkind**
**The Waste Lands, by Stephen King**

I'm loving the world of the Dark Tower. I'm reading a book with some short stories from H. P. Lovecraft too.
**Radiance, by Catherynne M. Valente**

Picked this up from the library for the reddit book club. I'm about 50 pages in so far and loving it. It seems like it's going to be a collection of documents, scripts, and communications that relate to the disappearance of a documentarian. But that's too simple so it's set in an alternative history with interplanetary travel where every planet is inhabited, the Edisons hoarded patents for color film, and audio recording/playback. The prose so far is wonderful. Even if the setting wasn't right up my alley, I'd be reading it for the prose.

**Scrappy Little Nobody, by Anna Kendrick**

This is my current audiobook (read by the author) and is a collection of anecdotes from Anna Kendrick's life. The stories are amusing and so far have tried to explain what sets her apart from other child actors, the struggles she faced, and the friends she made. It's nothing life changing, but it's fun, funny, and explores the world of acting.
Finished **Red Dragon by Thomas Harris**

Big fan of Manhunter (1986) the first movie adaption of this novel. The novel itself expands the story i already like by a fair bit (as expected) and is even more brutal and emotionally engaging.

**The Martian by Andy Weir**

Rushed through it in two days and had a whale of a time. Funny writing style, no "oh-i'm-smarter-than-you" attitude that i was afraid it could drift into with its hard sci-fi content and an overall great book. Easy to read and understand, drags a tiny bit in the middle and a very exciting ending. 

**Neuromancer by William Gibson**

Wanted to read it for a long time. I love Cyberpunk and wanted to read where it comes from. Great style, gritty and visionary story. I'll start with "Count Zero", the second part of the trilogy, tonight.
**Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies, by Jared Diamond** 

I tried this one in High School, was not ready for it. Picked up a copy to try again.
**Galapagos, Kurt Vonnegut**
managed to find a first UK edition by Jonathan Cape from 1985 for 4 pounds and I'm really happy reading it right now.

After that I'm gonna read **The Road, Cormac McCarthy**

And if I have enough time to start another book during the weekend, **Bright Lights, Big City, Jay McInerney**
**Unnatural Creatures by Neil Gaiman**
Finishing up **Gone with the Wind, by Margaret Mitchell** - hopefully will be done with this one sometime tomorrow. I read East of Eden earlier this year, and in the sections I've been reading in the last few days Scarlett O'Hara has a distinctly Cathy Ames-like vibe.

Following up with either **Good Girls Revolt, by Lynn Povich** or **Black Voices, edited by Abraham Chapman** as a mental palate cleanser of sorts.
**Midnight's Children by Salman Rushdie**

Reading it for the second time and still very much in awe with the abundance of metaphors and symbolism throughout the whole novel.
**Slouching Towards Bethlehem, by Joan Didion**

Enjoying it quite a bit. It's the 4th book of hers I'm reading so far. She's making her way to at least my top 5 favorite writers.
**Shift, by Hugh Howey**

Finished **Wool** on saturday so I am excited to see what happens next. 
**Sophie's World, by Jostein Gaarder**

It's very amusing, and it introduces philosophy in such a subtle way; even the dumbest person in the world would understand each philosopher's theory. It's quite a good book. I'm a slow reader, and I'm even making a slow progress due to the plentiful amount of information the book provides. 
***The Long Way to a Small, Angry Planet*, by Becky Chambers**

Great read, fun space opera/epic.  
The flame bearer by Bernard Cornwell
**The Martian, by Andy Weir**
**Second Foundation, by Isaac Asimov**

I think this will be my third or fourth time reading it. I like the *Foundation* trilogy and sometimes I will simply pick up one of the novels off my bookshelf and read it again. Easy, enjoyable reading.
finished **ghost in the shell, by Masamune Shirow** - its crazy to see the parallels in a lot other works of fiction (recently with westworld)

started **white teeth, by zadie smith** - the writing is fantastic!
Crime and Punishment, by Fyodor Dostoevsky 
**The Eye of the World, by Robert Jordan**

I started the series several years ago, 2010 or so, read what had been published, then decided to wait until they were all out and then reread them before reading the last ones. So now I've finally decided to start! And I'm enjoying it just as much as the first time...it's kind of annoying though because I vaguely remember stuff as it comes up, so I keep going "Oh yeah, I remember this, that's...wait...is it?"

**The Tiger's Wife, by Téa Obreht**

This is really good so far, kind of reminds me of The Historian by Elizabeth Kostova but not as heavy.
Reading a bunch of different books right now:

* **See Me After Class: Advice for Teachers by Teachers, by Roxanna Elden**

Got this one from a friend for my birthday since I'm graduating with my teaching degree next Fall. Very funny, but also enlightening and brings up very good points that all teachers can keep in mind while working in the classroom.

* **JoJo's Bizzare Adventures: Phantom Blood, Volume 2, by Hirohiko Araki**

Bought the first three volumes for my birthday after having watched Phantom Blood and Battle Tendency on Crunchy Roll. The manga and the anime closely align with one another, but the manga is a bit more graphic. Really enjoying it.

* **Idylls of the King, by Lord Alfred Tennyson**

Reading for a class final paper focusing on the medieval revival movement of the Romantic and Victoria Era in Britain. Can't help but notice the manner in which Arthur is portrayed as Christ like. School reading, but nonetheless very interesting.

* **Katherine of Aragon, the True Queen (Six Tudor Queens #1), by Alison Weir**


I love Alison Weir's historical nonfiction texts over the English monarchy, so I decided to go for a leap and try her fiction. I know it'll likely closely align with the facts since she's such a stickler for her research. Katherine of Aragon is one of my favorite historical characters, so I'm excited to read a book focused on her for a change.
Finished **Black Dogs, by Ian McEwan**

and started
**The Sleepwalkers - How Europe Went to War in 1914, by Christopher Clark**

and (re-reading)
**Cat's Eye, by Margaret Atwood**
**2666, by Roberto Bolaño**

I've put off reading it for about a year now, never being able to get past the first two pages, but I forced myself to read it by making it the only book I brought with me to Korea for a month. And I don't regret it. I just finished the part about the critics and in the way Pynchon makes you feel paranoid, all I feel is dread, a deep and ancient feeling of dread. I love it though. He really does make literature sexy.
***Frankenstein, by Mary Shelley***

for skewl stuff

***Glamorama, by Bret Easton Ellis***

for NOT skewl stuff
Ready Player One by Ernest Cline
    
Not so distant future, nearly post apoc world due to energy shortage and poor government, people escape from their poor existence into a massive VR world. But theres hope: a massive VR contest, the winner of which will win millions and control of the company who runs the vr world. But, the vr contest can turn real life deadly in a snap.....

If you like 80s movies, games, music etc this book is built on them, besides being a great story.
About a quarter of the way into Zadie Smith's new one, Swing Time, and it's a knockout as expected.
**The God of Small Things, by Arundhati Roy**

The world and characters are engaging, which is great, but I was delighted at how beautiful the writing is. Roy (at least here) is one of those authors who you can tell enjoys the language deeply, playing with traditional conventions to allow greater beauty in expression.
**The Eye of the World, by Robert Jordan**

 I've only read the first 11 chapters, but I'm enjoying it so far. I just wish I had more time to sit down and read such a lengthy series. Right now it seems like it'll include all the traditional fantasy tropes, but I've heard the series becomes more original as it progresses.
[**Here I Am by Jonathan Safran Foer**](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28116847-here-i-am), book. I was very excited for this and I'm enjoying the hell out of it so far.  
  
[**White Trash: The 400-Year Untold History of Class in America**](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/27209433-white-trash), audiobook. Since the election, I've decided to turn my focus toward more political audiobooks. I typically do 90-95% fiction, but wanna tweak that a bit.
**The Handmaid's Tale - Margaret Atwood**
About half way through and I think it's a great read so far. Very creepy plot but I love the "edginess" of the narrator/protagonist. Looking forward to finishing it.
**Amsterdam, by Ian McEwan**

Only on page 30 but seems good so far!
I finished reading **Something Wicked This Way Comes, by Ray Bradbury** last week. Right now I'm reading **Lolita, by Vladimir Nabokov**.
**Memory of Water, by Emmi Itäranta** - I just started it. I'm already in love with it. 
**Words of Radiance, by Brandon Sanderson**

I started it last week and am already about 35% into the book. Sanderson does such a good job and introducing tension into battles and fights. I consistently find my heart pounding during those sections of the book.
**Nicholas Nickleby, by Charles Dickens**

I read this a long time ago, and love it, It's one of Dickens's early novels, and can be episodic. But some of the episodes are superb.... I've just read the part when Kate's Uncle Ralph tries to improve his business by inviting her to a dinner with clients. One of them is a terrible old lech, and things quickly run out of control for both of them.
**The Bonehunters, by Steven Erikson**
I wish I had been a bit older when the series first started, because it's amazing and I didn't appreciate the intricate plot and detail as a teenager. 
Infinite Jest, by David Foster Wallace

This is my second attempt. The first time I started it, maybe a year ago, I quit in frustrated boredom while reading the footnote outlining James I's filmography. I'm past that now (somewhere around page 300) and the book is really growing on me. I also gave up going back to the wiki to look up unknown words every other page and am just going with the flow. After I'm done I'll read some guides and analysis, and I already know this is one that takes multiple readings to understand and appreciate. I have started to develop some theories but I'm sure (a) others have already espoused them and (b) I won't be able to validate them at least until I'm finished, if not until after a second reading. 
Cryptonomicon, by Neal Stephenson 
**Homegoing, by Yaa Gyasi**
A fraction of the whole by Steve Toltz

Loved the philosophical musings of the characters leading to unexpected and funny actions and ironic outcomes. Picked this book after reading Confederacy of Dunces hoping it would be similar. It ended up far exceeding my expectations.
**Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World, by Haruki Murakami**

...is it weird that I'm straight-up more interested in the present-tense story-line than the "End of the World" one? I feel like with all the descriptive writing in the EotW sections, it's just not the kind of Murakami I'm a fan of (which is odd as it's the more Kafkaesque of the two, so far.)
**Dark Matter, by blake crouch** 

Loving it so far, but I haven't finished it yet. 
**Flowers For Algernon, by Daniel Keyes**

I love it so far, but it can be pretty heartbreaking. 
**The Count of Monte Cristo, by Alexandre Dumas**

I've been reading this for a while now on my Kindle / phone app, using the free version from the Amazon store. It is much much drier than the movie makes it out to be, which is part of the reason it has taken me so long. I've been reading other things in the meantime / when I get bored of it, too, so the time I've had it in my "currently reading" category is ridiculous. I am now ~88% done and since I can see the light finally, I may pick up the pace soon. When I'm done I'll watch the movie again and enjoy it much more than I ever enjoyed this seemingly unabridged, overly wordy book.
**The Spider's War, by Daniel Abraham**
The last book in Abraham's Dagger and the Coin series. Just finished this morning. This is really a very very good fantasy series about, uh, fiat currency and the difference between belief and truth. It's maybe not quite as good as his Long Price quartet, but that's an impossibly high bar to clear. 

**John Dies At the End, by David Wong**
Just started this morning. It seems good; reminds me a bit of The Library at Mount Char.
**White Noise, by Don Delillo**

Last month, i read Zero K, one of the author's more recent books. I didn't really like it for a few different reasons. But I've heard White Noise is one of his more well-regarded novels, so I figured I would give his work another chance. 

**A People's History of the United States, by Howard Zinn**

This is a long-term read. So far I really enjoy the way the author illustrates American history through the point of view of oppressed groups/the common man. It's entertaining and doesn't read like a textbook. 
**The Hydrogen Sonata, by the Iain M. Banks**

I will take my time to finish this one, since it is last book from "Culture" series. Not sure if I will ever find anything like this.
**Cujo, by Stephen King**

Started this book once before and didn't finish for whatever reason.  Would be my second King book, after The Long Walk. 
**Lord of All Things, by Andreas Eschbach**
Soldier Spy, by Tom Marcus. 
Right now I'm on **Afterward, by Jennifer Mathieu**, I like it way more than I thought I would.
**The Gene, by Siddhartha Mukherjee**

I read his "The Emperor of All Maladies" several years ago. I figured this would be good too. I was right.

**Becoming Wise: An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living, by Krista Tippett**

If you've ever listened to her radio show "On Being", you would have a pretty good idea of how wise and beautiful this book is.
Evil and the  Mask by Fuminori Nakamura 

Sugar Queen by Sarah Addison Allen
**The Superhero's World , by Lucas Flint**
Part 6 in the series.
I was feeling shit today, so I had to come home at like 10am. Been reading **Lost Gods, by Brom** to get my mind off of being sick.  
If this goes on, I'm getting some more reading done tomorrow.
**Frayed Edges by Terri Reid**

Actually binge read the whole Mary O'Reilly series up to the current book #17 in the last 2 weeks, finishing with Frayed Edges today.

I am usually not much for cozies, but this series really grabbed me. It felt like I walked in parallel dimension inhabited by Ghost Whisperer (you know the show with Jennifer Love Hewitt). The two are eerily similar. I think I'll go binge watch Ghost Whisperer once again, it's been years since I last watched it. 
**Promise at dawn, by Romain Gary**
**Radiance, by Catherynne M. Valente** I started this one and am about 75 pages in. I'm a little confused and want a lighter read, so I then started **Gemina, by Amie Kaufman and Jay Kristoff**. It's the 2nd book to a series that mostly tells the story through IMs/chat, case logs, journal entries, e-mails, and more. It's just a fun YA sci-fi/space opera read.
**The Combinations, by Louis Armand**

This may be one of the few times that a Pynchon comparison actually holds up. Excited to see where this goes.
**Hondo** by  Louis L'Amour

Just finished **Hillbilly Elegy** by J.D. Vance
**The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven, by Sherman Alexie** 

Every chapter is a self contained story about the same character: a Native American man living on a reservation. The chapters vary in tone, seriousness, level of realism, etc. 


**Nicotine, by Nell Zink**

Last week I read: 

**The Wolf Road, by Beth Lewis**    
**Crooked Kingdom, by Leigh Bardugo**    
**We Were Feminists Once, by Andi Zeisler**    
**Rescuing Jesus, by Deborah Jian Lee**


**Night of the Assassin, by Russell Blake**

It's somewhat interesting, but also kind of "meh". Sort of a romance for he-men.
Finishing up **Can't Help Falling, by Kara Isaac** today. Loving it.

Up next is **The Sixteenth of June, by Maya Lang**
**A Promise of Fire by Amanda Bouchet** 

Started it last night and loving it! Haven't read a fantasy book in awhile and this is great one to dive back into the genre with.
**Psycho, by Robert Bloch.** Really good book. As a fan of the TV show Bates Motel, it is shocking how many of the shows most minor subplots are things the book just mentions in passing. If you love the show, read this, you'll geek the fuck out realizing how many Easter Eggs are in the show.

**Lord Of The Flies, by William Sir Golding.** Lives up to its reputation. As a modern reader, some parts seemed boring just because it uses storytelling tactics that feel cliche today, but I know this book invented these tropes and isn't being derivative but innovative. 

**Wild Cards II: Aces High, edited by George R R Martin.** Not as good as the first book, but interesting enough where I'll read more Wild Cards books down the line. The alien villains reminded me of the Brood from Marvel comics.

**Dark Dreams: A Collection of Horror and Suspense by Black Writers.** I haven't finished this collection yet. It is one of the more unique horror anthologies I've come upon. I didn't think horror written by black people would be radically different than white people horror, but this book goes out of its way to choose stories that really emphasize black culture and isn't afraid to make white readers uncomfortable. The stories are hit/miss like with any anthology but even the bad ones are interesting enough. 
**The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch by PKD** I just finished A Dance with Dragons and I needed something familiar and exciting to deal with the GoT hangover. This is my running book. 

**Rex Electi by WP Kimball** (and a redditor who frequents /r/WritingPrompts.) I'm enjoying this so far. There are a couple double words and small grammatical errors, but the story is great. 
The Six-Gun Tarot by R. S. Belcher
Still reading November's Book Club selection:

**Radiance, by Catherynne Valente**

I really hope to finish it in the next couple of days so I can put a dent into my to-read pile.
Right Ho, Jeeves by P G.Wodehouse.
 I re-read Wodehouse whenever I'm stuck finding my next book.
**Empire of the Sun, by J.G. Ballard**

Really enjoying this adventure/coming of age story about a British Boy trying to survive in Shanghai after being separated from his parents with the onset of WWII.

About a hundred pages in so far and I love Ballard's storytelling and imagery, as well as the historical context of the story. 

Also, finished **A Contract With God, by Will Eisner**

I've made a point to read more comic books of late, and A Contract of God seemed like a blindspot. 

Read it on a lazy sunday morning and really loved the picture of Tenement life in The Bronx Eisner paints with his stories. What really stood out to me was his ability to humanize and create some undertanding and compassion for even his most neglected and maligned characters. Thought this was a really great read.
Sophie's World
Lies, Damned Lies, and History by Jodi Taylor
time travel done well and a great writing style
though the earlier ones in the series are less scifi
next back to my favourite ghost story 5 jars
**Lovers At The Chameleon Club, Paris 1932, by Francine Prose** I'm loving the immediacy of the narrative--I feel the author does a great job of putting you in the shoes of the characters. I also like the idea behind the device she uses - she switches from personal letters, to fictional autobiographies, to fictional biographies, etc to give you first person or second person POV. However, I think she generally gives the various narrators more information than they would conceivably have had about their subjects and it makes the device not quite work.
Frankenstein - Mary 'Wollstonecraft' Shelly

I never considered reading a book written 1818. Also the gothic novel had never appealed to me as something worth reading. I recently heard a radio discussion about the two british marys. I read it in english which is - for me as a non native speaker - quite a challenge. Now I am half-way through and enjoying it very much! :)
**Norwegian Wood, by Haruki Murakami**

Excited to begin my 8th Murakami book. Heard this one doesn't have magical realism but still excited to read it over my Thanksgiving break
**Jesus of Nazareth, by Pope Benedict XVI**
**The Long Way to a Small, Angry Planet (Wayfarers), by Becky Chambers**

Am enjoying it.
**Smilla's Sense of Snow, by Peter Hoeg**

Still working away, a little over halfway through.


**The Wicked + The Divine, Vol. 1: The Faust Act, by Kieron Gillen and Jamie Mckelvie** 

I'm not quite sure what I think yet, I definitely like the art style and the cheeky attitude, but I feel like it doesn't really have an initial lead in, just kind of expects you to start out invested. I was trying to realize what I read recently that felt the same, only to realize it was Phonogram: Rue Brittania, which happens to be by the same author of course. As with this one, I like it but just didn't love it.
Exactly the same as last week 'cause God damn I do love to pick the long ones, don't I? Admittedly, I'm the King of the Castle isn't very long, I just don't have much time for it right now.  

**Wild Swans: Three Daughters of China** by Jung Chang, narrated by Pik-sen Lim  

**I'm the King of the Castle**, by Susan Hill 
history of modern psychology
**Burnt Toast Makes You Sing Good: A Memoir of Food and Love from an American Midwest Family, by Kathleen Flinn**

A food memoir about growing up in the Midwest. Lovely and (mostly) light, I only have a few pages left.
The Norman Achievement by David C. Douglas

For any aspiring history nerds,  I recommend it.
**The Skein of Lament by Chris Wooding** Jumping into this right after finishing the first book, love it so far (~90 pages in).  An already complex and intriguing world with a memorable cast of characters is being boosted by *even more* incredible characters and world building.  I applaud you Mr. Wooding. 
Finished:

**Second Chance Summer, by Jill Shalvis**

Reading:

**When Dimple Met Rishi, by Sandhya Menon**

**Ninth City Burning, by J. Patrick Black**
**A Mother's Reckoning: Living in the Aftermath of Tragedy, by Sue Klebold**

It's about Dylan Klebold, one of the Columbine shooters, written by his mother. It's very interesting and incredibly depressing.
Caliban's War, by James S A Corey 
The Golden Compass. 27 yo adult first time reading it. Two chapters in so I can't say much besides it seems like it fringes on YA/adult fantasy. 
**Morning Star, by Pierce Brown**

**Barbarian Days, by William Finegan**

**Dead Mountain, by Donnie Eichar**

Recently finished: 

**In Cold Blood, by Truman Capote**
**The Fermented Man, by Derek Dellinger** A homebrewer/foodie attempts to live solely on fermented food and drink for a year. I had burned out on books with these "eat this for a year" stunts, but this is a great book packed with solid information on a topic that interests me (fermentation). Lots of interesting foods and drinks to seek out.

**The Thicket, by Joe R. Lansdale** This is a "Western" in the vein of Cormac McCarthy. A rescue mission set in anarchic East Texas as the oil boom begins. Extremely violent, gory and disturbing -- not for sensitive readers. But it also has phenomenal characters and plenty of humor. 

**Lions in the Balance, by Craig Packer** A provocative book on lion conservation. Packer will challenge you whatever your opinions are on trophy hunting. He pulls no punches. I wish more conservationists were this courageous. 
**The Shelter Cycle by Peter Rock** I read Rock's *My Abandonment* earlier this year. I liked the first 2/3 of that book, but felt that it fell apart in the last act. I decided to try another of his books, because the parts of that book I liked, I really liked.
**Nod, by Adrian Barnes** just got started and digging it so far. 

Finished up **The Night Shift, by Dr. Brian Goldman** enjoyed the stories, but found it too full of medical political side stuff.

Edit: Finished up Nod, wasn't really impressed and started up **Of the Abyss, by Amelia Atwater-Rhodes** The first in an apparent trilogy. She has been a favorite author of mine for a long time and I'm digging it.
**A House Without Windows, by Nadia Hashimi**
Really enjoying this book. It's set in Afghanistan and it is really interesting to read about the culture.

**The Two-Family House, by Lynda Cohen Loigman**
Just started this one and so far it has me hooked.
**What If? Serious Scientific Answers to Absurd Hypothetical Questions by Randall Munroe**         

Absolutely hilarious, and informative           

**Expecting Better by Emily Oster**               

I'm not pregnant yet but I've got the baby fever so would like to be as informed as possible. I like it so far, she's not a doctor but an economist so does the research on medical studies
Tuesday Nights in 1980, by Molly Prentiss

It's about art and artists. I'm halfway through, and it's great so far. I'm really into books set in New York City. Feel free to send suggestions my way!
**The Joy of X, by Steven H. Strogatz**

and

**The Picture of Dorian Gray, by Oscar Wilde**

**The Burgess Boys, by Elizabeth Strout**
 - I really like Strout and feel she's not talked about enough. *Olive Kitteridge* was pretty dang good and the recent *My Name is Lucy Barton* is better than a lot of people think. I don't know why I haven't read this yet.

**Makers and Takers, by Rana Fordoohar** - I'm in finance and friends wanted my opinion of the book. 
10th of December, by George Saunders
**The Coroner's Lunch, Dr. Siri Paiboun mysteries, Book #1, by Colin Cotterill** - This is a story set in Laos, 1975 (after the conversion of the country to a communist government.) Siri is the newly appointed coroner, with no experience, extremely limited resources, and very little to lose in the face of political and bureaucratic hurdles as he is 72 years old! But it helps that ghosts visit him... Though there is a paranormal aspect to this, I wouldn't classify it as a paranormal novel, more like a sort of magical realism along a superstitious vein. Anyway, in this first-in-series, three corpses have been found in a lake having been air-dropped there, attached to missiles.
The Well of Ascension, by Brandon Sanderson
**The Canterbury Tales, by Geoffrey Chaucer**
Almost done with **The Goldfinch, by Donna Tartt**. This book just will not stop!

I've already started **The Tidal Zone, by Sarah Moss**, which I've been meaning to get to for months!
Just finished the 5th **Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, by Douglas Adams** book. really sad it's over (at least the ones written by Adams), but that was really something special. Just incredible pretty much all the way through, although it was crazy to see the tone shift throughout the whole series (*especially*the last 2 books.) 

Starting *And Another Thing...* soon!
About halfway through Kafka's "The Metamorphosis" . It's okay, I suppose, not sure what I was really expecting. It was free on Kindle so I figured I'd read it and see what the big whoop was about.

Also starting some Clark Ashton Smith stories. I'm not sure where to begin with him, so if anybody has recommendations, I would appreciate it.
Rogue Lawyer by John Grisham
**The Surgeon, by Tess Gerritsen**
I started this series a long time ago but I'm re-reading before watching the show. 
**The Silent Sister by Diane Chamberlain**

This is a suspense-thriller type of book that has a *lot* complex family ties and relationships woven in. I actually really liked it a lot! It wasn't exactly a suspense-thriller in the same vein as books like Gone Girl, but it still managed to throw a few curveballs at me that really surprised me. I found the voice of the narrator to be really honest and relatable. It dealt with some really tough subject matter without becoming overly-depressing. Overall, I think I'd give it an 8/10 and am definitely going to look into the author's other books. 
**A Morbid Taste for Bones, by Ellis Peters**
**Fight Like a Girl, by Clementine Ford**

Edit: Finished, and here's my [review](https://tintededges.wordpress.com/2016/11/22/fight-like-a-girl/)
Go Set A Watchman ... Harper Lee
She Came To Stay - Simone de Beauvoir
**The Girl in the Spider's Web, by David Lagercrantz**

I don't find it as captivating as the first three books of the Millennium series, by Stieg Larsson, but it is still very interesting.
**Bleak House, by Charles Dickens** and **Alexander Hamilton, by Ron Chernow**.
The Design of everyday things, by Don Norman
**The Bellwether Revivals, by Benjamin Wood.**

I've always been found of music. This book promised to deliver a story in which love of music and psychology are tightly entangled. And it succeeded ! The story is quite full of surprises and really well-written. There's enough mystery not to be bored, and not so much too feel lost.
I cannot recommend enough.
**The Girl With All the Gifts, by M.R. Carey**

So far, so good. A bit creepy, though. 
**The Party is over, by Mike Lofgren**

A third party seller sent it to me by mistake. I had never ordered or heard of it but great read so far (quick too)!
**Memories of Ice, by Steven Erikson**
Aurian by Maggie Furey. It's one of my favourite books so it's more of a reread. I still love it as much as I did the first time I read it. 
Just finished Founding Mothers, by Cokie Roberts. Next up is **The Ocean at the End of the Lane, by Neil Gaiman**.
A Little Life, by Hanya Yanagihara. Bought the book on a complete whim, knowing nothing about it only that it was one of the better books of 2015. Very much enjoying it and looking forward to having more time to read it
Ruin, John Gwynne
**20 years later, Alexandre Dumas.**

I read the Three musketeers a few years ago and am just getting round to this one. Hopefully it's as good!
Midsummer's Equation by Kiego Higashino
**No Country for Old Men, by Cormac McCarthy**

It's my first book by McCarthy and I'm thoroughly enjoying it. I sometimes have difficulty imagining scenes described in books but they come so easily with his descriptions. 
**Fates and Furies, by Lauren Groff**

**Brasil: Uma Biografia, by Lilia Moritz Schwarcz & Heloisa Murgel Starling**


**The Trial, by Franz Kafka**

Rereading this one for a book club on r/bookclub. It's a little tough because I'm not really reading it regularly, just on the day of before I make discussion posts. It's interesting to dig deeper into, but I'm probably not doing it in the best manner.
I just finished **Kitchens of the Great Midwest, by J. Ryan Stradal** which is an amazing, beautifully written books. 

Now I started **The Omnivore's Dilemma, by Michael Pollan** which is a lot of fun so far and seems to be incredibly well researched.  
edit: format
Hollywood Lied by R.D.Miller 
The Manhattan Sandbox by R.D.Miller

Both free on Amazon
The Old Ways, by Robert MacFarlane.
The Given Day, by Dennis Lehane 

The main reason I started reading this 700-page brick was to prepare myself for Ben Affleck's film adaption of Lehane's Live By Night, which, for those who don't know, is the second of book in a trilogy and I am loving it so far! The characters feel realistic, the dialogue is great and the plot is integrated into the historical context with great care (World War 1, the 1918 flu pandemic, communism, anarchism and racial inequality). 

For those who have read them, can I expect the same from the two follow-ups, Live By Night and World Gone By?

V - Pynchon
After 15 years of ignoring it on my bookshelf, I'm reading **The 6th Lamentation, William Brodrick.** 

The first 50 pages or so were a bit of a focus battle (lots of characters and storylines set up for convergence), but now it's a pretty smooth read. 
On a bit of a **Stephen King** binge. Finally getting around to reading **End of Watch** and I just started listening to **The Stand** on audiobook.
I Love Dick by Chris Kraus
**Colorless Tsukuru and His Years of Pilgrimage by Haruki Murakami**
Almost done with **11/22/63, Steven King**. I've been putting off reading this book because of it's length, but it's taken me about 4 days to get to page 700. It's a quick, entertaining read that I'm really enjoying!

Planning to read **The Obelisk Gate, by N.K. Jemison** next, followed by **Oryx and Crake, by Margaret Atwood**. Looking forward to all of these books. 
I finished reading **The Ice Dragon, by George R. R. Martin** to my son and we are now on to **White Fang, by Jack London**.

I just finished **The Fault in Our Stars, by John Green** for the group read over at /r/LetsReadABook and will be starting the next group read soon: **The Gunslinger, by Stephen King**.

I'm working on **The Whaling People of the West Coast of Vancouver Island and Cape Flattery, by Eugene Arima and Alan Hoover**
The Dark Tower IV, by Stephen King
Finishing The Disaster Artist: My Life Inside The Room, the Greatest Bad Movie Ever Made, by Greg Sestero and Tom Bissell.

So far I'm really enjoying this books. Ever since watching The Room (not the critically acclaimed movie but the one that was dubbed the Citizen Kane of bad movies) I've always been interested in what happened behind the scenes and how this movie came to light. Now I know and it's really interesting. 
Osbert The Avenger, by Christopher William Hill
And The Couple Next door, by Shari Lapena
A Housemaid's Tale, by Margaret Abbott
Authority, by Jeff Vandermeer 

Factotum, by Charles Bukowski
The Stone Man, by Luke Smitherd 
River God by Wilbur Smith
**God Help the Child, by Toni Morrison**
Mastiff, Tamora Pierce  

It is the third in her Beka Cooper series. They are pretty light and fun, and I am pretty sure they are YA - but it is getting increasingly hard for me to tell with fantasy! 
The Things They Carried, Tim O'Brien

Reading this in my AP Lang Class right now, and I'm really enjoying it. The structure is everything at one, some parts have extreme brevity, others are stretched out and descriptive. Honestly, it's one of the few books in high school where reading it isn't a chore, it's a good pastime. 
Just finished **The Six by Mark Alpert**. Had the book lying around so I decided the pick it up to pass the time. Finished it in six hours and I was rather impressed on the science behind it (then again it can't be sci-fi without science). When I can I'll pick up the sequel.
Swann's Way By Marcel Proust
A Perfect Union of Contrary Things, Sarah Jensen with Maynard James Keenan
We, The Drowned by Carsten Jensen

About 150 pages in, and I'm really enjoying it. His writing (at least the translation) is very approachable.
**Selected Tales by Edgar Allan Poe**
TIMELINE, by Michael Crichton
Burned through both **Night School, by Lee Child** and **The Wrong Side of Goodbye, by Michael Connelly** on Sunday.  I noticed I read a lot faster with ebooks (and I already read fast), so I thought I might tackle the Dark Tower series over the holiday.
Almost done with **Slumdog Millionaire** by Vikas Swarup on audiobook, and am halfway through **Raising Stony Mayhall** by Daryl Gregory. 

Slumdog Millionaire is quite good and different from what I remember of the movie. Raising Stony Mayhall has started out very good and is an interesting and very different from most zombie stories. 
Arabian Nights, translated by Sir Richard Francis Burton
Legend of the Galactic Heroes, by Yoshiki Tanaka

**Buster's Diaries: The True Story of a Dog and His Man, by Roy Hattersley**


**Welcome to the Monkey House, by Kurt Vonnegut**
1. The Chomsky-Foucault debate: on human nature (by Noam Chomsky, Michel Foucault and John Rajchman).
Opinion so far: One of the most stimulating debates I have read in a while.

2. A universe from nothing: why there is something rather than nothing (by Lawrence M Krauss).
Opinion so far: A bit wordy in certain parts but interesting presentation of research findings from various instrumental physicists and astronomers.

3. Relativity: The special and the general theory (by Albert Einstein).
Loving it so far.

4. Driven (by Lori Sjoberg). I started reading this 3 hours ago and I can't seem to put it down.
**American Psycho, Bret Easton Ellis**
Sharpes Prey by Bernard Cornwell. Also pornhub comments

**Caliban and the Witch, by Silvia Federici**
The Cutting Season by Attica Locke
Those who follow the systems will make a fortune
I'm in California & when I try to obtain. Please provide link or how did you get around it?
The Wrong Side Of Goodbye, By Michael Connelly
Before They Are Hanged, Joe Abercombie

(First Law triology)
**Today Will Be Different, by Maria Semple**
**The Name of The Rose, by Umberto Eco**

I'll be honest, i'm finding it fairly tough at times, a lot of it is really good but there are sections that feel like a slog, i feel like im wading from time to time. lol those sections literally make me tired however im gonna stick it out. Plus the mystery definitely intrigues me so if all else fails I do want to realize the conclusion of it all. (N.B. I'm on 350(ish)/550(ish)
**My Twisted World, by Elliot Oliver Robertson Rodger**
Forensics: The Anatomy of Crime by Val McDermid
The Oregon Trail, by Rinker Buck

Hopefully I can finish this weekend with all of the distractions going on.
**Wind/Pinball by Haruki Murakami**

My first Murakami work I'm reading, and glad to have his beginning works before diving headlong into his surrealist ones. It was SO easy to read and I loved his writing style. So easy to get lost in reading, and the short chapter format made it easy for me to stop whenever I needed to if life called. I finished the first novel and am about to dive into Pinball. 
I'm 100 pages into **Midnight Tides, by Steve Erickson**. I like it so far, although really I have no idea what is happening, or who anyone besides Trull is. But I trust Erickson enough at this point to continue, assuming that things will become clearer to me soon enough. (This is already happening with Tehol and Bugg)

I'm also 60 or so pages into **Infinite Jest, by David Foster Wallace**, and I have even less of an idea about what is going on, but have found the book both frustrating and hilarious and sad so far.
I just picked up **The Bullet-Catcher's Daughter, by Rod Duncan**. So far it's a cute little steampunk mystery, and while I wasn't initially caught up, it's been growing on me. 
**The Passion of Dolssa, by Julie Berry**
**Glass Sword, by Victoria Aveyard**
**Cat's Cradle, by Kurt Vonnegut**

I haven't read anything by Vonnegut so I figured I could start with Cat's Cradle. Since I've been busy for the past few days, I don't have the time to read bigger chunks of the book in one go. At first I was I didn't know what to think about it, but I'm really enjoying it now. It isn't a story, per say, although it definitely is. It's just a really great commentary.
Lizard by Banana Yoshimoto
**The Silmarillion, by J.R.R. Tolkien**
I didn't read other books in LOTR. I just tried reading this because I saw some similarities in lore of how skyrim was made when I watched the compressed lore of the silmarillion in youtube.
**On Conoids and Spheroids, by Archimedes**

**THE THEORY OF INTEREST, AS DETERMINED BY IMPATIENCE TO SPEND INCOME AND OPPORTUNITY TO INVEST IT, by Irving Fisher**
This week I read **Hidden Figures, by Margot Lee Shetterly** and **The Residence: Inside the Private World of the White House, by Kate Andersen Brower**. 

*Hidden Figures* was pretty good, but the book felt a bit disjointed at times. It was also a lot more about the origin of NASA and the civil rights movement than I had expected. 

As for The Residence, with was interesting to read all the little anecdotes by the residence workers, but this book also felt a bit scattered. The jumps from one administration to another did not go smoothly. The books also contained quite a bit of repetition, which became slightly annoying. 
I just started **The Queen of the Night, by Alexander Chee** and I have no idea what to expect.
**The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, by B. Traven**

Not strictly relevant, but apparently it's not known for sure who B. Traven really was. Spooky.
**The First Men in the Moon by HG Wells**

Very different than what I expected and worth the read if you like SciFi. I am almost finished and will be starting **Lord Jim by Joseph Conrad** next!
**All the names, by José Saramago** 

I've loved his book Caïn, it was the first book I had read about the first (and only) Portuguese literature Nobel Price. He is a fantastic writer, and plays with words in a way that makes the reader have great fun as well. I like that he can be very irreverent towards many things and institutions, but always in a very smart way.
I finished **The Forgetting Time, by Sharon Guskin** and **Just Life, by Neil Abramson**.  

Neither one was very good.  The Forgetting Time reminds me of those Christian books (like Heaven is Real) but about reincarnation instead.  The story didn't get interesting until the very end and I never cared about any of the characters.

Just Life is a medical thriller set in NYC.  The characters were all two-dimensional characters and the ending was ridiculously trite; the good guys were all greatly rewarded without losing anything and the bad guys all punished.

I started, and hope to finish soon, **Imagine Me Gone, by Adam Haslett** and am liking it so far.  The story begins in the late 60s/early 70s and follows a family whose father suffers from an unnamed mental illness but is something like depression.  Each chapter is from the point of view of a different member of the family, usually one of the three children.
**Calamity, By Brandon Sanderson**
**Flowers in the Attic, by VC Andrews** 

I like old school, CLASSIC, tawdry trash novels - ex: Peyton Place, Valley of the Dolls. 'Flowers' is just not measuring up to those other two imho. 
**Where The Bird Sings Best, Alejandro Jodorowsky**

Just started this and I'm intrigued.  It's described as a "brilliant, mad and unpredictable semi-autobiographical novel".   
I am so jealous! I did my first read when it first came out (literally finished it within a day and a half of it being released) I was so excited about it I rushed to know what happens. I've reread it so many times since then but I do wish I could go back and take it slower. 
Now I'm looking forward to when my daughter (she's 9 months old now) will understand it enough to experience it again with her first time through. 
**The Hammer of Thor, by Rick Riordan**
Enjoyable but it took a while to get into because I'd forgotten all the characters from book 1.
**The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, by Douglas Adams**
Lolita, Vladimir Nabokov

Its a hard one for me to read without wincing, but the way in which it is written really captures me. I like to equate it to drawing a nice curve, all the worlds flow into each other so beautifully. The creative use of language does such a fantastic job at making such a dark topic so poetic.
**Every Man Dies Alone, by Hans Fallada**
** The Power Broker: Robert Moses and the Fall of New York, by Robert Caro**
**12 Days of Sodom, by The Marquis De Sade**

Just finished some Philip K Dick and about to embark on this strange little tale.
**Anna Karenina, by Leo Tolstoy**
finishing **more happy than not, by adam silvera** and **swing time, by zadie smith**

continuing **the rim of morning, by william sloan** and **dhalgren, by samuel r. delany**

starting **the gift of fear, by gavin de becker**
**Hidden Christmas, by Timothy Keller**
BetterWorldBooks has free shipping and a ticker at the top of the page showing how much money they've donated to charities, and how many books have been donated to literacy campaigns. They also sell some of their titles on Amazon 3rd party so it's easy to price compare. 

I also like Powell's for used books. They have flat rate economy shipping for $4 a shipment if I remember correctly.  
Bookdepository.com free shipping on all orders 
Amazon, because I have Prime and now I'm too used to 2 day shipping.
thriftbooks.com ; Most books are around $3!!!
Amazon, actually.

I'm from Germany and the English section in most bookstores is unfortunately very small and doesn't carry anything that's not either super famous or new.
More specifically for college textbooks, but
if you're interested in amazing deals, [slugbooks.com](http://www.slugbooks.com) is perfect.
Bought nearly $700 worth of textbooks for $300 (including shipping & handling).
I usually go to Abebooks, which is a marketplace for booksellers and owned by Amazon. Usually have a good selections and good prices with reasonable shipping since all of the sellers are competing against each other on there. Just watch out for library copies. 
I used to buy most of my books on Amazon.de because the stores in town didn't have a good selection and I'm not really good at waiting for stuff. Now I moved to the Netherlands and finding stores that carry English books isn't as easy, so I might start using book depository.com
book depository is great i would highly recommend, took a week to recieve my orders here in Australia. 
Amazon since I pretty much just buy e-books these days.  But if you count comics/graphic novels I use instocktrades for those.
When buying paperbacks, I used to use bookdepository, however now that I switched to Kindle books, Amazon.com is unbeatable. Plus prices are much better as well.
shopgoodwill.com. They use the USPS book rate and I still got my shipment in less than five days.
I have always used BookDepository because of its free shipping, which is important because I'm from Chile and shipping can get expensive. The bad thing is that it used to take 1 month to arrive (which I thought was ok because of how far away I am) but the last 5 orders I made haven't arrived and it's been a month and a half. So I'm actually super disappointed and I'm looking at other options now.

Edit: spelling
I get most of my YA books from BookOutlet. What I like about it are: Cheap books, good shipping
Only issues are the shipping cost
I mainly use [Wordery](https://wordery.com) followed by [Book Depository](http://www.bookdepository.com) when buying online as I find they mostly have the best prices plus free delivery with no minimum order value.  

Occasionally I'll opt for [The Book People](https://www.thebookpeople.co.uk/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/qs_home_tbp?storeId=10001&catalogId=10051&langId=100) & once in a while I'll spot a great deal on Amazon or eBay. 


I use Amazon for newer books and Thriftbooks for older ones.
half.com is my best kept secret and the only reason i still have an eBay account
I search for the title I want, instead of starting with the seller. The same sites keep coming up, like thriftbooks. I've bought from whoever has the book I want at the lowest cost (price + shipping) and have never had any problems with service.
Half.com
Book Depository and BetterWorldBooks are good and they provide free shipping. BetterWorldBooks also sell secondhand books and they donate books to charities. Great customer service for both. 
> [M]embers of labor unions, and unorganized unskilled workers, will sooner or later realize that their government is not even trying to prevent wages from sinking or to prevent jobs from being exported. Around the same time, they will realize that suburban white-collar workers — themselves desperately afraid of being downsized — are not going to let themselves be taxed to provide social benefits for anyone else.

> At that point, something will crack. The nonsuburban electorate will decide that the system has failed and start looking around for a strongman to vote for — someone willing to assure them that, once he is elected, the smug bureaucrats, tricky lawyers, overpaid bond salesmen, and postmodernist professors will no longer be calling the shots. …

> One thing that is very likely to happen is that the gains made in the past 40 years by black and brown Americans, and by homosexuals, will be wiped out. Jocular contempt for women will come back into fashion. … All the resentment which badly educated Americans feel about having their manners dictated to them by college graduates will find an outlet.
mind saw "Rick and Morty" for some reason
I read it as the book organized it. I'd read the footnotes as they came up, and flipped to the appendices when I was directed there, as tempting as it was to just ignore them and carry on with the story. 

That said, I think the only footnotes that made a difference to me were the notes from the editors and from Johnny Truant. 
I read a chapter and then went back to the beginning of that chapter to read footnotes when they went on for pages. I got through the heart of it, but couldn't push through when the pages go insane, haha
I read the main story of the house, unless it was interrupted by the narrator and then I followed that until the end of the rant and came back. 

This time I'm reading the main story all the way through, and then going back to read the narrator story. I'm mostly ignoring the citations, it helped with immersion the first time but there's just too many. 
I read both stories as they came along and honestly I wish I had read them separately.  Taking time from the Navidson Record portion to read about the life and times of Johnny Truant detracted from the spookiness.  If I read the book again, I am going to read the Navidson Record all of the way through and then go back and read Johnny's story.  
I read the books as it was organized, the main story and stopping for foot notes.  I feel this was meant to make the reader feel disorientated, like being in a maze and losing your sense of direction, and it worked.

My sister otoh, has ADD and couldn't do it.
With multiple bookmarks. Started with the main narrative, reached a stopping place, then went back (multiple bookmarks) and read the footnotes, then the footnotes on footnotes.
I read it once during high school and again for a college class. The first time I read through it leisurely and skimmed the footnotes. The second time I was more immersive - obviously - and took extensive notes connecting the different narratives together.  I got much more out of it the second time. **Read the footnotes!**
From cover to cover (unless otherwise instructed). I stopped for footnotes and always followed them through before continuing. I personally saved the appendices for last, but you don't have to.
When I was in 3rd grade we read a book called “The Mouse Butcher” by Dick-King Smith. At the time I loved the story and asked my parents to buy it. We went to several bookstores but could not find any books by Dick-King Smith. My parents started asking me if I was sure that was the author's name, and I said yes because I had asked my teacher for the information. My Dad decided to see if we could order it, and one bookstore could order books by Dick-King Smith, but they had no listing for “The Mouse Butcher.”

I forgot all about the book after that, until my Mom called me a few years ago and said she had a surprise for me. She had found a copy of “The Mouse Butcher” in a local thrift store. I now have it proudly on my bookshelf, and it only took 16 years.
> What is that one book that you just can't seem to get in your library?

As a regular public library and interlibary loan user, I was confused by this until I realized you meant *personal* library.

I don't buy books often, and I never hunt them down, but congrats on your find.
" The Notebooks Of E.M. Cioran " the last work of my favorite writer. It was translated, you can even find a picture of the cover online, but though it was announced for publication it was never actually for sale. Seems a lot of work for nothing.
I have been trying to find a well preserved copy of [Wolfs Tooth](http://www.publishersweekly.com/978-0-525-67197-8) by G Wisler.

I've been looking for it since my book collection was torched 7 years ago and still no such luck.
I mean BBC just aired NW, so it is not to surprising they're gonna do more
The rat teeth guy had to have been one of the three that left on their own, but didn't go with Hickey's group.

I seem to recall thinking that the creature wanted to instill fear in his prey, but I can't remember it being implicitly stated.  It's possible that like Lady Silence, the creature knew what about Crozier's destiny as well and was helping to play it out.
So its been awhile since Ive read the book, but from what I remember  (spoilers) its implied that the thing is not just an animal but a spirit of eskimo mythology of some sort which I took as having actual intelligence and it enjoyed hunting and mentally screwing with its prey. (or the author was just being dramatic for drama sake). I dont remember the Hodgson part, but if its at the part I think it is, I would imagine its because Crozier was a little distracted (might of forgotten about the whole thing) with ensuring the crews survival, not freezing to death, not starving to death, and avoiding mutineers. The man with the rat teeth I dont fully remember. Sorry thats not super helpful, I love the book and havent found many people to talk to about it. If you liked Simmons you should def. read the Hyperion cantos (its kind of a circlejerk recommendation on this sub, but its damn good)
No it's my birthday 
I liked the Catcher in the Rye too. 
Congrats, this is the post that made me finally unsub from this subreddit. 
Wow, she reads, she is like smarts and stuff.
How weird, currently studying dystopia in English lit (at high school) and I just started Consider Phlebas yesterday. I agree, it's great! Good to get a view of an authors vision of an ideal society (although I'm guessing the culture isn't quite as simple as that). Really enjoying it, definitely going to get into the series!
Iain M Banks was such a great writer, he died far too young. 
Just make sure they don't include "The Wasp Factory". That book is.. strange.
While the Culture on the surface is a perfect open successful and happy society. They do have a dark side. Consider Phlebas, Use of Weapons and Look to Windward have some seriously dark moments. 
Alas Babylon, while learning the cold war, and Oryx and Crake because of reasons I won't spoil the plot for.

Too many great books, there should definitely be a suggested reading list for kids who want to dive deeper into any given topic
Consider Phlebas!

I think you're 100% correct and if parents complain? then ask them why they accept shakespeare with all its antisemitism,  racism,  violence, foul language, rape, murder, incest and so on without complaint.  I made that argument years ago when my kid sisters high school tried to kick her for the day for wearing a Nirvana shirt. Heh I started rifling off lines of shakespeare, passed the phone to my father, who said pull one pull the other or we'll see you in court.  The matter was quietly dropped the teacher who complained was disciplined. 
Well, considering the state of everything right now, *The Handmaid's Tale* should definitely be taught in schools. 
Culture definitely should be discussed in schools and for a couple of reasons.

It is a great starting point on the desirability of utopias defined by our current desires.  Culture is clearly a series defined by Banks' relationship to both his conservative upbringing (father in the military) and the Thatcher era in Britain. The best way to describe it is a "wet dream of a young leftist college student" and it is a genuinely important question whether this is what we *should* aspire to.  It is very easy to answer in the affirmative and then realize how wrong you are once you start taking apart the details. Even Banks seems to indicate as much in his later, slightly more mature novels.

Another important and interesting topic is the seeming hmm... pointlessness of Culture. There's no real reason for the entire humanoid civilization to exist. Is it therefore just a plot device (it obviously *is* but that would end the interesting discussion here and now) or is it perhaps something else?  Perhaps an ultimate dystopia where the captured can't even realize they are being used?  Think the first "ideal" matrix. Culture as a utopian dystopia is an interesting concept whether it is "human zoo" or something more sinister or entirely alien and amoral.

Then there are some genuinely interesting concepts taken directly from the stories - intervention, intelligence, first contact, rules of society etc.  Generally I think science fiction of any kind is a much better material for creative and philosophical discussion than regular literature and we should have more of it in schools. The more the better. And tell the defenders of one true approved standard of morality to fuck off.

However Player of Games is a really weak book with simplistic and naive plot and a very Hollywood-like moralizing. It is easily the worst of all the series as far as its intellectual potential goes. I have never understood why people love it so much. Pure escapism I guess and lack of cynical sophistication? It has clearly defined good guys winning against bad guys - is that it? The traditional structure of slow buildup to a grand finale?  It was the biggest disappointment in all the series. I definitely do not recommend it as study material. Literally anything else would be more useful.

Also Use of Weapons can be a fun material for literary analysis - quite apart from the entire Culture universe.


Never heard of this series.... sounds really cool, gonna have to check it out. 
This *might* contain spoilers so you've been advised ^ ^

In fairness Banks' *Culture* series **can** be read as dystopian fiction. In addition to the darker themes /u/KrasnyRed5 mentions - not to mention the Azadian's own practices in *The Player of Games* - there's a strong argument to be made that the 'biological' races of the Culture [i.e. those that aren't Minds or AIs] don't really have a lot of autonomy in the civilization.

There's a reference in *Look to Windward* where one character's talking to Ziller about "criminal" behavior and how it's punished through social ostracism. The discussion touches upon how even the non-sentient devices people carry can prevent any behavior the collective considers "criminal" [IIRC the conversation originally started with a discussion on obsession / stalking]; given that Minds are more powerful than these things by several orders of magnitude [read *Excession* and you'll definitely feel a *frisson* of uneasiness] it's really hard to argue that 'people' - regular people - can have any meaningful impact on the governance / ruling of the Culture.

The in-universe counterargument given to that was that if Minds wouldn't keep 'people' [shorthand for the "lesser" races of the Culture] happy then they'd be ostracized themselves - that 'face' or reputation was the currency with which Minds dealt. I'm not convinced by that, however, seeing as how they behaved during *Excession*. Also, with the gap in capabilities between a Mind and a regular human so vast I don't think it'd be particularly difficult for a Mind to convince / deceive people into thinking that it's benevolent.

TL:DR I love Iain M. Banks' *Culture* series and I have a tinfoil hat theory that the Culture isn't as benevolent as they pretend to be
The impact of Iain M. Banks on English literature is truly very small compared to Orwell, Huxley or even Herbert, Asimov, Bradbury and Clarke. He's not very good at characterization and his early novels could use some editing. The obvious choices for (doubtful) utopias are things like Thomas More's "Utopia" or Calvino's "Invisible Cities", among others, which so far have proven far more impactful on literature.
What books are you talking about?
Who decides what books are "required" reading? That's a lot of power to put in anyone's hands.
Why did you say 'I think dystopian fiction should be read alongside other dystopian fiction"?


The point of high school reading is to read books that form the Western literary canon. I've literally never heard of the author you've mentioned and it's doubtful that his novels had anywhere near the cultural or literary significance that *1984* and *Brave New World* had. You're advocating for a science fiction series that came our decades after these two books were released and were probably influenced by them. There's no really a point in teaching them when the originals are already taught. 
> He saw a chair, and a ship that was not a ship; he saw a man with two shadows, and he saw that which cannot be seen — a concept.
I think this discussion is proof alone that the Culture books deserve to be on school reading lists. 
The subtleties and minutiae of the stories and the details of the society can have you talking for days. It's such a rich universe!

Also agree that Excession is one of my favourites - tho I need to read it again. 
Use of Weapons also brilliant - that one really pulled the rug from under me and not many books can do that. 
Just finished reading through The Handmaid's Tale, I think I'm done with the dystopia theme for a while. Never have I read something so revolting.
Absolutely, yes! I love the culture novels. Some of my very favorite for reasons you mentioned. I would live in that world. 
culture sucks lol. read good sci fi
[deleted]
Try a local library. Mine sells used books for $0.50 and the selection changes every few days..

As for a BOX of books.. I've never heard of a service but it'd be almost impossible to guarantee you were interested in them if they were picked out at random
best bet for what you want might be a yard/garage sale. I've picked up boxes of random books for under $20, it's a crap shoot but usually you'll find some good stuff in there and then you can swap the others
Half Price Books sells books by the yard through their website, and you can choose to get "mixed books," which the info page says are about 85% fiction and 15% nonfiction. It looks like prices start at $20 per box, so [here you go!](http://b.hpb.com/books-by-the-yard/)
Abebooks.com is an alternative to Amazon, though Amazon also sells books as low as a penny (you pay for shipping).  You can google independent booksellers or "book dealers" who don't work through these sites, but unfortunately most have been forced into it or face oblivion.  When you see used books for sale on Amazon, note the seller name: they are not Amazon per se, but using the site to put their stock on the web and paying Amazon for the listing.  Each seller is rated, and Amazon is very harsh on it's sellers, and pro-customer actually so you should be able to find one you like and trust.  You can only contact an Amazon (and I guess an Abe) book dealer through those sites though, those are the rules and I guess they protect both parties as well as the umbrella corporations.
You can also try Better World Books.
i see you want the books to be at random and not chosen, but have you tried going to a thrift store?
IIRC, Thriftbooks.com does sort of a "grab bag" type thing (or at least they used to?); either way, I'd check that out.
eBay  
used.addal.com  
amazon  
alibris  
biblio.com  
betterworldbooks.com  
  
You may wanna try local [book sales](http://booksalefinder.com/). I've found a lot of great hardcovers, of like really recent books, at book sales. Just found The Girls by Emma Cline, Zero K by DeLillo, Good Lord Bird by James McBride, all for $2-$3 in awesome condition. Book Sales Baby!
thrift shops often have tons of books for a $1 each
[http://booksalefinder.com/](http://booksalefinder.com/)

The website looks like  cheap but the info is good.  Tip: hit up the sale in the last few hours on the last day.  They go into everything must go mode.  Armload of books for five bucks.  
Get a kindle and download books online. You can basically get any book online for free.  I have a library of 3000 books on my device and they were all from online sites that offers it for free.  

I bought the ones I really love on paper back and fill my library with them 
Also, if you are ever in or near NYC, try The Strand.  Over the years they have a lot of new books, but also keep a stock of used.
I would try your local library, they typically have books to sale on the cheap, though they might not have what you're looking for.

Or you can see if you can find a used book store within your area.
You can get a lot of classics for free as ebooks. 
I personally love Better World Books. They donate to literacy charities and they have a lot of books for around $4 in their bargain bin. They also regularly have pretty crazy sales.
Just so you're aware and so you avoid wasting time, Abebooks is now owned by Amazon, so there may be duplicate postings.
I would suggest searching ebay for 'classics lot.' There might be something in there that you like.
Logan of good suggestions here, don't forget about goodwill
You might as well go to a thrift store when they're having a sale. The Salvation Army in my area had a 77-cent book sale last week - hardcovers, softcovers, you name it.

You'll probably spend much less time and come away with items you actually want if you just go second-hand and skip online. Shipping and handling on boxed lots is the real killer.
I love to read and I don't know about anyone else but in the past I've bought stacks of books I think I "should" read all at once, only to find they sit on the shelf while I pick up books that interest me more. I always plan to come back so I don't feel like I've wasted money (and one day I will I'm sure read those books). My advice is to buy one or maybe two at a time starting with ones you know you want to read. You save on clutter, money and you can really focus on what you have at the moment.
I literally juuuuust started that short story, after seeing Arrival last weekend. So far, it makes me think of Flowers for Algernon. Haven't read enough yet to know if it would be a good movie.
You can go pretty far with unique visual metaphors. I imagine it might feel a bit like the movie Inception.
Yes you can donate them. Check with your library before donating, since you can't resell, not even for a library book sale, some might put them on a free cart. Also depending on how new they are, the collections development librarians may appreciate them to see about ordering new books. I have a TON of ARCs myself and I put them in Little Free Libraries. 
You can give them to people but you can't sell them. I mean, you can - who's going to stop you? - but you shouldn't.

And since they are clearly labeled ARC or galley and say that there may be changes between it and the finished product, it's not like you're cheating anyone.
I run a book blog and use them for giveaways.  Some school libraries in lower budget areas sometimes will take them as they often have a harder time getting books.  Little free libraries are good options too.
Adora Belle Dearheart and Moist Von Lipwig in Going Postal, my favorite fictional couple.
I know its pretty cheesey and some people hate it, but god damn if the romance sub-plot in Endymion and Rise of Endymion didnt get to me.
The Count of Monte Cristo or House of Leaves come to mind. I'm a die-hard romantic at heart so I love books where the action is propelled by love. I think love underlies everything, and it is most powerfully shown when it isn't in your face like many romance novels are. 
Dirk Struan and mei-mei I'm Tai Pan 
The Gutbucket Quest - Piers Anthony. Blues music, magic, and a sweet romance interwoven. 
Following this thread - I want a good story!

To contribute: I just finished Crosstalk by Connie Willis and while I initially loved it, my post-book delirium is fading and it's not holding up to scrutiny

In a similar vein, Shades of Grey (not THAT one) by Jasper Fforde is absolutely brilliant. I'm bummed that the next book won't be out for a while 
Lord Peter Wimsey and Harriet Vane - starts in Strong Poison, progresses in Have His Body and Gaudy Night, finally get married in Busman's Honeymoon.
Gen and Chalaine. 

These two are from the Trysmoon saga by Brian Fuller. 
Bev and the Losers Club
And why is that community any better than this one?
Sure will, my friend. 
If you're interested, there's a thread dedicated to welcoming reddit users.

http://boards.4chan.org/lit/thread/87478
Misogynistic, racist, anti-Semitic and xenophobic.
[removed]
It's definitely a great site, I get all my book recommendations from there. They hold an annual top 100 list voting contest, vote for your favourite books there! We all want Hitchhiker's Guide to be #1, don't we? 
not funny lads
Unpopular opinion time!

No, It does not get better. The opening sequence with all the characters was, in my opinion, the best part of the book. I had to put it down after 500 pages because it felt like a never ending introduction to the story that was eventually going to happen. For example, a huge portion of the book is dialogue between characters that's something along the lines of...

Character 1: Don't you remember what we promised each other!?

Character 2: Of course I remember. Don't you remember what happened all those years ago?

Character 1: Yes, I remember something from all those years ago. What was it?

Character 2: That thing! That happened! It was that thing that happened!

All the while, you don't get to learn about the actual thing that happened until the very end of the book. I found it absolutely infuriating to read.

I think Stephen King has a real pacing issue. His short works like Carrie or Misery are great, but once he sets out to write a 500+ page novel (Salem's Lot, Under the Dome, and It), I think he has a huge issue with moving the plot along in a way that's meaningful for the reader. That being said, everyone and their mother seems to adore It, so maybe I'm the weird one.

I think you should give it a solid 100 pages. If you're not into it, put it down and don't feel bad about it.
If you're enjoying it so far, stick with it. What actually happened with their promise is not actually answered until the end, that is true, but there is enough to keep you going throughout I think. Encounters with It, history of It in Derry, etc. The promise is essentially that they would all come back to Derry if It came back. (Not really a spoiler, this can be inferred pretty early on). The mystery of It is and what happened to those kids is part of the fun of the book.
I loved IT in middle school and counted it among my all time favorite books. I just started trying to reread it again after hearing about the new movie, and my adult tastes seem to be getting bored with it. 

It is very drawn out and it does require you to really want to learn about the characters over what is actually happening. The focus of the book is more on every little piece of the character's story and their friendship rather than the actual events that are taking place.

If this bores you, then you should probably just watch the movie with Tim Curry. It follows the book pretty closely but cuts out the dragged out character development. If you like the movie and want a “director's cut,” then go back to the book which has far more details about the characters and town.
The book does get better, yes. I am nearly finished and have been unable to put it down. I can't tell you much but in answer to your questions:

1. Many obscene and unexpected things will happen

2. IT Itself is more than just a clown.
IT by Stephen King is perhaps my favourite novel. The only thing that edges close to it is another King work "Pet Semetary", which I thought was just as creepy and scary. Honestly though a big book like that can be a huge commitment so I think you should only continue it if you honestly enjoy King's writing.

I love the way the world of Derry was built up, I could really see the town and the wrongness in it. But if you dislike the way King writes...then a huge book like IT might not be the best place to start off with.
This book SERIOUSLY drags...I wouldn't recommend it. Yes, I finished it. 
I enjoyed every word and was hooked the whole way. Others in this thread disagree. How can you listen to either of us and decide to go on or not? You know opinions are subjective and vary wildly so there's no way to know if letting random people choose whether to continue or not will be the right choice for you. 

Honestly making this post tells me you're probably already close to deciding not to go on, so I'd guess you'll go that route.
I love Robert Parker, but he's a different style. (And dead.)
my top 5 (no order):

Rampo Edogawa

Keigo Higashino

Pierre LeMaitre

Agatha Christie

Arnaldur Indriðason

Honorable mentions: Seicho Matsumoto, Akimitsu Takagi, John Dickson Carr, Natsuo Kirino, Soji Shimada
James Ellroy, John Grisham
In this order:

Charles Willeford (Hoke Moseley novels are super funny & smart)

Jim Thompson (Hard-boiled to the max)

Don Winslow (Great dialogue and rhythmic prose)

Chester Himes (Angry and brilliant)

Elmore Leonard (The best dialogue and memorable characters)

Dick Francis, Dorothy Sayers, JA Jance, Robert Parker, Dana Stabenow.
anyone ever read any David Wiltse? 
I'd recommend Andrew Vachss, as long as you don't mind the troubling subject matter (the far-reaching consequences of child abuse on society).  But then, most of his works are really just propaganda to stir up emotions over this subject matter.
Emile Gaboriau (So under rated and unknown)

A Conan Doyle (Sherlock is immortal)

Dashiel Hammet (*The Big Sleep* will not put you to sleep.)

Agatha Christie (watch out for cracked mirrors)

Sue Grafton ( the early years rock)
Tana French writes the Dublin Murder Squad series and I think they're great! The 6th one just came out :) 
You could combine two things and make a damn fine app

Here's the idea: 

We make an app that works like Tinder, but, we pair you based on book preferences.

You could even go further and go the ok cupid root do like lit question serveys and then you get a percent of compatability

I'd get behind that.


I'm actually in marketing, advertising, graphics and PR.. If you want drop me a pm, would be cool to chat. I hope to hear from you soon

Cheers,
Devin.
I know the dark app arts. Hmu
They derail the plot by twisting it out of shape, as a black hole twists space-time.

The Mary-Sue is not defined by ability - it's based on that ability being BULLSHIT. They win not because they're good, but because the author handed them victory in ways that break the logic of the story - the villain makes mistakes so bad that you wonder how they manage to breathe without manually reminding themselves to inhale, the hero wins because of traits they do not demonstrate anywhere else, author fiat gives them a crown rather than work. 
For me it's in the execution. Often the Mary Sue isn't actually so smart/etc, we're just told they are over and over. The other major turnoff for me is that often morality in the work centers around the Sue - bad things are bad unless the Sue does them or is benefited by them (to take a well known example from a franchise I actually quite like, in the first Hunger Games novel characters who have nice things they could easily sell for food are portrayed negatively, but it's okay for Katniss to keep an expensive gold brooch that could feed her own family. Characters who want to survive at any cost and who forge alliances are evil, but Katniss is cunning for coming into the competition with strategies and her own training). 

For me it comes down to world building and consistency. Don't tell me the protagonist is super good, show me - and don't tell me something is bad because the protagonists' obstacles do it but fine when s/he does. 
You don't get to decide what Mary Sue means.  It already has a widely known definition. 
This mindset usually arises with people who have limited time for reading so they get frantic with it. If you need help focusing, I've read books with the audiobook playing behind me on days where I was having trouble paying attention. Audiobooks are expensive so I'm assuming you either are rich or a pirate with this suggestion. I'm one of those two things and love audiobooks.
Suggestion #1: Stop making lengthy to-read lists. Pick your books more on the spur of the moment, because, "I think I'll enjoy reading this." If the list isn't there, you won't be busting it so hard to get through it.
I struggled with this. Getting rid of the to-read list is a good start as another poster suggested. Although I have a compromise that works for me: The "Considering" List. If I see a book that interests me, then I toss it on the list. If at any point I decide "Nah, not interested" then I strike it. Furthermore, if enough time passes and I still haven't read it -- for me it's about a year -- then I strike it. 

Another tip is to give yourself permission to stop reading at any time. At. Any. Time. If the reading is an assignment for class or work, then treat it as such. But if it's for you and your own self-improvement, then help yourself be the best reader you can. You need to be the sole decider of what's worth your time.

Let's say you're reading a classic, something you feel is important to know and understand, but for whatever reason you're not into it. Set it aside. No hard feelings. And move on to something else. Maybe you'll come back to it but now is clearly not the right time. Reading should be engaging, not like when we were kids and forced to eat lima beans because they were "good for us."

These are all tips that worked for me. Figure out what works for you and happy reading!
An aide to remembering what happens in a story is, once the scene is over, to stop reading for a minute and take the time to put into your own words what has just happened, skimming through the pages again if necessary. This helps you to parse the information in a way that is familiar to, and more easily understood by, you. This makes it easier to remember. There are also insightful chapter summaries available on Spark Notes for a lot of popular books. They'll always include an observation or an angle you hadn't thought of before.

Another way is to put more effort into imagining what is going on in the story. This is an effective method of memorisation of information generally (like associating numbers with objects as you walk through an imaginary house), so merging a story with this method is ideal for the process of reading because the two go hand in hand. Imagination also makes for a richer and more immersive reading experience, which is important.

Also, it might be that you haven't found a book you've thoroughly enjoyed yet. I read The Count of Monte Cristo which is about 1300 pages, and it was an absolute breeze because it just was so incredibly good. Before this I had never read a truly long book (longest was East of Eden at 600 pages and that was a struggle) because the achievement of getting through a book was half the enjoyment for me, or so I thought - until I read a book that really blew my mind. Reading to finish a book is to completely miss the point altogether, reading for the sake of it should be the goal. 

I don't want to make any judgements about you, but another thing for you to consider is whether or not you have the conceptual tools to read a book critically. It stands to reason that the less you know how to extract depth and meaning out of a story, then less enjoyment you'll get out of a book - thus resorting to reading for the sake of finishing a book rather than enjoying the experience. Stories will seem somewhat more 'flat' because you're only ever reading at the surface level. Perhaps you might benefit from reading Northrop Frye's *Anatomy of Criticism*, or *How To Read A Book* by Adler & Doren.
If you're really serious about it, try taking notes as you go. I do it for non-fiction at least, even if it's not for a class or assignment of some kind. Taking notes doesn't have to be a chore. There's no need to task your brain with remembering a bunch of stuff.

Maybe this part is bad advice, but sometimes smoking a cigarette helps put me in the right mindset. Gives me just the right amount of extra stimulation to keep my mind from racing. I think meditation (prior to reading) would have a similar mind-clearing effect if you're not a cancer fan.
I also struggle remembering information, but i don't mind it. Now, if you do want to thoroughly go through a book, i'd recommend reading it in fragments before going to sleep. 

That might develop in another problem, being the fact that reading will make you sleepy. On the other hand, your brain will process the information from the book while you sleep. It would also help if you would discuss the book with someone or if you dug through and made mental connections concerning the relevant information - parallels, train of thought leading from one idea to another. Basically, you would need to conceptualize what you read. Information in connection to another leads to the strengthening of both. 

That's how i see it, anyway. Hope it helps. 
I got into dystopian books, and when I finish them I like to compare the societies, think about the similarities and differences to today's culture, etc. I make a sort of Venn diagram in my journal and I find it helps me remember more subtle things from the books
I'm not a completist, but I do like to finish books. I choose them carefully in the first place, not in order to ensure that they are my kind of book, but to see whether they are well regarded. If they are, and I end up not liking them, I finish them in order to try and second-guess why reviewers like them so much. (This happens a lot with me, especially when I'm reading Kate Atkinson and Ian McEwan.) Very, very occasionally - less than once a year - I give up on a book.
I almost compulsively find that I have to check books of my list. But if I'm not enjoying the book, or I find my self rushing through it, I'll set it aside and read a different book. Eventually I work my way back to the book I set aside and devote more time to it. After the second chance, if it still doesn't grow on me, I set it down and don't look back. It's definitely something I had to learn but I'm so happy that I managed it.
I had the same mindset when much younger. I've learned to let go of it and accept that a certain book may fail to entertain or interest me halfway into it and so it's fine to put it down. Another strategy is to read several books simultaneously so that when you lose interest in one you can pick up another and return to the first book later. This can get out of hand, of course.
Don't let the guilt get to you. It's okay if you don't finish a book right away. I know how it feels when that unfinished section of your bookshelf is expanding. You just feel like crap for buying all those books. And then there's your non reading family and friends who'll patronize you for making poor buying choices. It sucks. But what you're going through is something every reader has faced at some point in his/her life. Hoarding books (digitally or physically) is also very common. It's a concern when you're just buying and not reading anything. You don't have to rush to finish it. When I was doing that, I've finished entire novels without getting anything out of them. So what I have learned is that it's okay to finish a book even if it takes you years. If you don't enjoy the book and not learning anything new either, just put it down and pick it up a few weeks later. We experience different things in our lives everyday, sometimes the book resonates with our current feelings and sometimes it doesn't. I am a slow reader. It's not my best quality and I am not proud of it or anything, but still when I talked with my other friends who are crazy fast readers I realized that they usually miss some key notions from books and they're okay with it as they don't want to spend too much time on a book. I for one, want to get the most out of a book and I am okay with spending more time on it if it helps me understand the book better. Binge reading, binge watching or binge anything is not good for you. As you mentioned that you don't remember it after few days, it's because you didn't give your brain enough time to process those thoughts and information. And what good a book is if you didn't enjoy it and haven't learned anything from it either. It took me 3 years to complete the fountainhead. The book had some strong opinions and with so many things going on in my life, it was hard for me to keep up with it. I picked it up later when I was feeling okay and I finished it without getting depressed (it gets quite depressing sometimes). So my point is, you don't feel same all the time and it's very likely that you wont retain same emotions when you started reading those "10 best books you must read before you die" for long. So put those books down in a place where they won't bug you and pick them later. 
I've personally found it very helpful to write my own review of books when I finish them. It forces me to reflect on exactly what I liked/hated. Putting words to my general impression of a book also allows me to look back later and recall what happened much more easily. I highly recommend trying this.
I quit Goodreads because of this. It helped, a lot. Also left more time for actual reading.
There is only so much you can read in one sitting before youre just skimming pages and not taking information in. For me personally somewhere between 15-30 pages of any book is all I can take in one sitting. Give yourself daily goals and a deadline for finishing the book based on those goals. For example a 300 page book would be 20 pages a day for 15 days  or two weeks tops. Try to catch yourself if you're rushing and don't be afraid to re read. Take some time after you're done to reflect on what you read that day and try to go over the major points in your head, hope it helps.
I don't think that's necessarily a problem. I used to make a point of only reading great books that were truly worth my while. I ended up not reading very much at all. When I got into the habit of picking up the "52 book challenge" and other crazy reading goal lists, I didn't absorb every book fully. But randomly a book will be great enough that I'll slow down for it. Or it'll stick with me. It's like scavenging for hidden treasure, the good stuff is going to stick a bit better. The point of going through those quantity lists is to read a lot of variety and find out what types of books you like, because otherwise you'll never truly know. The stuff that truly clicks with you is going to absorb better no matter what.
I'm also a bit of a completionist, but I also don't like rushing through books, so I tend to just make myself trudge through something that I'm not really feeling so I can see how it ends.

Recently, this has been the case with Hunter S. Thompson's "The Curse of Lonzo." I've loved everything else of his that I've read, but this one didn't really grab me. I'm about 80% through it, and could probably finish it in about an hour if I sat down and focused, but it doesn't hold my attention very well. So I think I'm just gonna drop it. It'll be the first time I've made it past the first 30 or so pages of a book and then didn't finish it, but I think it's a good way to do it. Getting hung up on this book has cut my reading time down dramatically over the past week, so I'll just move on to something else.
I have a very similar problem. I've read so many books that there have been times I'll read ~50 pages of a new one before I realize, "shit, I've read this already." And I also seem to prioritize critically acknowledged classics. I think it's okay if getting through a book is some effort. Nobody (that I know, at least) reads Myth of Sisyphus for the same reason they read the latest Dan Brown novel.  
  
Basically, regardless of your motivation to read (whether it's purely for pleasure, or you're considering a run on Jeopardy), as long as you are enjoying it and fulfilling your reason for reading, I think you're okay. And there are some good tips in the rest of this thread for better remembering what you read. Hope this helps. 
I think I'm the opposite. I often find myself neglecting the ending of a book I thoroughly enjoy to let my imagination create multiple endings. Some I never "finish." It might be a fun exercise to go into a book knowing that you won't read the final chapter for x amount of time.
I don't know if what I have to offer would be of much help, mainly because I've always been on the slower side of reading. Starting out, I'd set a page goal for myself; after finishing, I'd reflect on what happened and other details. Also, it's somewhat trivial, but I've always liked to reflect on certain emotions and other vivid imagery that some gifted authors use (Ray Bradury is the king of this). 
If you're simply just forgetting details or other secondary characters (or any traits they may have),I'd always make lists or similar notes on a piece of paper or my bookmark. Always a quick reference compared to flipping to appendices commonly found in huge clunkers. I started doing this with books like Les Miserablés. 
I've found that taking a moment after each page to remember that page's setting to be useful
I just play around with the ideas as I read and continue adapting as more concepts are introduced academic wise. 

Literary wise, just read for fun on your own pace and let your mind do whatever it wants to do, visualise, make random connections, etc etc

I recommend you try to find a comfortable area that you can relax in and read something on a pace where you can recall what you read pretty accurately. Try to experiment if you'd like and stop reading say after every chapter and try to recall what you just read and go back to see if you remembered them hahah 
Nobody requires you to finish your books in the order you started. 

It's okay to put one book off and read another one that better suits your current state of mind, then come back later with a fresh palate and new experiences.
I used to be a 'completist' but not anymore. I generally give a book a hundred Pages. If I'm not interested by then, I put it down. If it's a book by an author I've read before and I like or if it's gotten tremendous reviews, I'll put it aside and try again later. But there are too many good books in the world to waste time on one you simply aren't enjoying. Reading is supposed to be fun.
Just be aware of when you're doing it, slow down and concentrate. There's no real trick to it other than being conscious of your behaviour and modifying it.
What are you trying to accomplish by checking books off a list?  And why is that better than taking your time?
I read the word "books" as "jokes" and was reading through waiting for the joke...
Wanting to finish one book is completionist?? What is it called when you have this urge to finish entire series, just because you started reading book 1???
This worked for me
Step 1 tell yourself you dont give a fuck
Step 2 keep telling yourself that
Step 3 fail
Step 4 realize you cant leave your training uncompleted and keep going
Step 5 keep going 
Step 6 repeat steps 3 to 5
Step 7 fuckin succe hec yea bab
Finnegan's Wake. I want to get through it..I just fucking can't do it. 
150 pages of Infinite Jest and honestly I can't understand what is so appealing about the book. 

I even thought that the "Infinite Jest" was to read it, that the book was 1k pages of nosense and that was the joke, but reading people who have finished it, makes me more confused. I don't know, maybe is me.

Sorry for my english.
Both Cryptonomicon and Foucault's Pendulum. I've started both a few times and just noped out after a chapter or two. 

Also the first Malazan book, I can't even make it halfway through the first chapter - my mind just wanders off and I catch myself skimming over the pages. I am totally not interested in the opening scene.

Someday I shall conquer them! (Well, probably not Malazan, I've decided that one isn't for me at all)
Wuthering heights
I just can't 
War and Peace by Tolstoi.
For some reason I could never finish On the Road. I love the idea of the beatnick generation. It's part of the reason I want to travel the country (USA) one day. Totally couldn't get through the book though. I don't know why 
Gravity's Rainbow. I've tried several times but I never make it very far.
100 Years of Solitude. Keep reading good things about it but finding none when I try to read it: boring, stupid people doing boring, stupid things. Trying to find gold with a magnet? Right! You were already told it wouldn't work.
I'll probably be downvoted into oblivion for this. The Wheel of Time, Slowest book ever.
I've tried to read *Atlas Shrugged* a few times.  I've read enough about it to know that I won't agree with its philosophy.  I'm just curious more than anything, but I can't even make it 50 pages without getting bored and then feeling hopeless when looking at the 1000+ pages ahead of me.
Heart of darkness
I may be crucified for this, but for me, it's A Game of Thrones (And I realize it should be ASOIAF, but I've only attempted to read the first book, I don't like reading/watching things out of sequence)

I don't know what it is about it, but I just can't stand GRR Martin's writing style.

As a sidenote, I often read or hear about snippets of plot points from the books or the show (Don't watch it either), and they sound interesting to me, so it's not that
Isaac Asimov's *Foundation* trilogy :)
I've made a few attempts at reading a few pages of the Bible everyday until I finish, but I never get past Genesis
[deleted]
silmarillion
*Atlas Shrugged*. Unnecessarily wordy. 
LotR. I read the Hobbit, managed to make it through Fellowship, but I hit a brick wall every time I tried to read or watch Two Towers.
An unpopular opinion but I can't get on with Cormac McCarthys blood meridian, I loved the road but just can't get this one finished 
Crime and punishment by Dostoevsky. love the underlying tones of Existential nihilism but it's a hard read 
Pride and Prejudice. I know Austen was supposed to be ahead of her time and all, but it's just. so. boring. I keep coming back to it every few years thinking maybe I'll have changed/grown enough for it to be interesting. Hasn't happened yet, which is disappointing because I've really loved a lot of things that are re-tellings or based on Jane Austen's works!
i can't finish the elfstones of shannara. i just... can't.
I've tried to struggle through Dracula a few times and I just can't.
Dune- I love science fiction a lot but I can't get into this book. I've even tried the audiobook..
I eventually finished the Lord of the Rings series, but it took me about five or six tries to get through it. I love the story. I *don't* love Tolkein's writing style.
**Dune.**   I've tried multiple times and I just don't get it.  It's interesting but there is something about the writing style that drains me.  Right off the bat too many made up words are used.  The first 15 pages are the worst and then the next plateaus are pages 50 and 100.
I'm actually right there with you on Titus Groan, but it's not because I find it too difficult. I'm a huge fan of the writing and keep coming back to it and starting over again, but for some reason I always wander off after a while. It's never a battle though, I think it's just because the language and description is so rich it's overpowering. I'll finish it one day! I've got all three books that I pinched from my grandmother's shelves when I was still in school.

This is actually a problem I have with quite a few tv shows/the odd book. If I love them, I put them down and take forever to finish. If it's just an ok show/book though, I'm more than happy to sit down and read/watch till it's finished. Drives my partner crazy..
The Brothers Karamazov. I've been trying to finish this book for three years. At this point I read about half a page a month out of sheer determination to finish it before I'm dead.
House of Leaves.

Thriller/Suspense/Mystery is my favorite genre AND everybody has raved about this book, but I've tried on three to four separate occasions to get on board with this book, but I just can't.

Chapter after chapter is a drag and it's just very boring somehow. 
Catch 22. I'm told it gets better half way through. That's where I stopped and I keep telling myself I'll go back but then I find new exciting things to read.. 
The Hobbit, actually. I attempted for the first time in about 3rd grade (high reading level, so it was appropriate). Attempted again in high school, and again just a few years back. It's the first book I remember EVER not finishing. 
Several?  Not several, but i have tried Neal Stephenson's "Seveneves" because I like his writing, and I like the idea of the book [Moon explodes, destroys earth, humanity scatters into separate groups across the eons].

I got  about 400 pages in once, and about 700 the second time.

But it goes into tortuous detail about every damn thing.  i will finish it, but it'll take me a few more tries.

As for Peake's Gormenghast trilogy...I loved the first two but the third was very different and quite a slog.  Really looking forward to re-reading the first two again, though.
Plenty. "Moby Dick," "War and Peace," "Infinite Jest", "Anna Karenina". 

 I love reading and I wish I had more time than I do so instead of forcing myself to read things I can't get into, I just stop them and start new books. 
The Stand

I get to around the midpoint and then lose interest.
The Future X Network by Bell Labs. I got it during my internship so I've tried reading it a few times but it's tough to get through. I've read quips here and there.
*East of Eden*. I've tried and tried but I love the book. For some reason that one in particular I just can't power through. 
Confederacy of Dunces. Just can't get over the hump. Bought the book sixteen years ago and it's still right on the shelf, have dusted it off at least five times but never finished.   
The two that come to mind are The Two Towers and Tommyknockers.  Two Towers just drags to tears, and Tommyknockers - I can't figure out why in the world I can't.  I've started it at least four times, but couldn't get past the halfway point.
Man Gone Down. Started it 7 times. Can't do it.
Beloved. First tried ten years ago. Keep getting bored halfway. 
Glass bead game. tried and tried and tried. just got so bored
The Lord of the Rings trilogy.  I'm still on Fellowship.  I got all the way to the mines of Moria (past the supposed boring parts) and I still was unable to get through it.

I swear though, I will get through these books one day.
*The Secret History* by Donna Tartt and *Deathless* by Catherynne M. Valente. I should love them, in theory, but I just can't bring myself to keep turning the page.
Naked Lunch, I've tried 3 or 4 separate times, farthest I have made it is maybe 50 pages before giving up
I've been having this problem with House of Leaves for years. 
1Q84 - gave it about 300 pages but I was bored to tears. I've enjoyed his other stuff though so I was disappointed.
The hitchhikers guide to the galaxy. I have this hard cover combination book and got about it 200 pages in twice. I just don't care for how it just wanders from one idea to the next. I don't think I am going to try again.
House of leaves. I started it when it wasn't quite big yet... And it was a jumbled mess, imo. I love horror, I liked the writing style. It made simple things terrifying... But it was just hard to read and feel as though I consumed everything I wanted to consume.
The picture of dorian gray.

Every part that isn't dialogue makes me bored out of my mind, i read Wilde's plays and they were splendid, so i guess its just his prose i can't get i nto.
Gone With the Wind
I tried and tried but for God's sake I can't finish The Martian. It might be the techno jarble or just his writing style. Hell I even tried the movie 3 times I just can't get through it.
I might help you. Do you want a Russian version of the book or what?

Is it me or do the cheeks and jaw of all of them look odd?
The Monster don't look half bad.  
TIL: Sherlock Holmes looks like Corey Feldman.
Nice to see Aomame on a list like this!!! 
They used pretty software, this was all done by a computer. I know because we had this at my high school and I would make hitler all the time (there was an SS hat). Program was call Faces, and my personal favorite thing to do was have a gansta with two headbands on 
I remember when I first read Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, and was surprised by the idea that Hyde is a slender little guy. It's pretty amusing that pop culture has pretty much made him literally the Hulk.
Torrance actually looks like Nicholson.  
These are terrible. Most of them look like teen boys and the monster looks nothing like the description.
Frankenstein's monster looks like Tom Noonan, who incedentally did play him in Monster Squad (1987). 
Sherlock looks like a poorly drawn fan art of Benedict Cumberbatch. So yeah he is the right man to play Sherlock.
"His hair hanging in his eyes"
Hair is parted to the side, eyes and forehead completely clear. Who are they fuckin kidding?
They all look like [greys](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grey_alien) trying to mimic human appearance
[This](http://imgur.com/91tA4DK) confused me for a quick second
was hoping to see Holden Caufield
I think it's neat how gracile most of the features were. 


My first response was that the [Identi-Kit](http://identikit.net/company/) is not fictional and has been around since 1959.

I find this effort fascinating because I tend to gloss over descriptions of characters. I mean, I read them, but I apparently don't internalize them because later some characteristic will surprise me and totally be at odds with the character I'm picturing in my head.
That's really interesting... I do find it odd, though... most of the characters have almost inhumanly thin necks, a narrow jaw and chin, and large eyes. 
They all look very effeminate, no? I think it's the lips.
This is such a great idea.

I hope this is done for more books as well.
Is it just me, or do you not see the thumbnail picture in that list?
You mean, Dr. Jackie and MRS. Hyde?
These barely look like people
Why do they all have weird anime eyes?
There's nothing square about Sherlock's jawline. The image doesn't match the description at all.
>"[Face is a] Pleasing oval shape"

chin is inexplicably twice as long and pointier than it needs to be. 
GFD Sherlock Holmes STILL looks like Eggs Benedict Cucumbers. Just without the hair.
The Shinning sorta looks like the guy from Logans Run.
My favourite was always Jack Reacher:

http://i.imgur.com/6zRvyyM.jpg

Now imagine Tom Cruise trying to play that character.
No wonder Buttercup Cabbagepatch was such a good choice for Sherlock!
Do we really have to call them "police" sketches?  It makes it sound like they grabbed a veteran on the force and decided, "You're gonna take some sketching classes in case we need some work done.  They can't just be sketches, they have to be POLICE sketches.

Couldn't they just say "professional sketches"?
They all look like fucking aliens...  These sketches are pathetic...
Were they all on the Best of Talking Heads album cover?
Nicholson was pretty close in fairness.
If Aliens tried to look like humans based on book descriptions
That 1Q84, though.
So what you're saying is that when The Shining gets remade in 2020 Patrick Wilson should play Jack right?
Sherlock Holmes still kind of looks like Benedict Cumberbatch. Just saying.
Police sketches are always shit.
Why do they all look like the Grey Alien from Whitley Streiber's "Communion"? 
Sherlock Holmes looks a little like David Tennant
So Mads Mikkelsen is Dr Jekyll?
Sherlock holmes actually looks like benedict cumberbatch
yeah it's not like I need sleep or anything...
Site keeps jumping to a bullshit full page Facebook looking ad on mobile.

Want me to never go back to your site? That's how you do it.
Interesting, but these aren't even sketches...
TIL everyone in books have pointy noses
Someone was paying attention when they cast Jeremy Brett as Sherlock Holmes, then. Guy Ritchie not so much.
These are all so wrong. It says Mr Hyde is dwarfish and troglodytic. That pic looks nothing like a mongoloid. The monster has black flowing hair and is described as beautiful.... nope. Sherlock has a hawkish nose and a thin square jaw. Nope. The first one has cheek bones. No. All so bad. Borderline click bait. 
Interesting. Actually, I always thought Jack Dorrance was attractive; that's how he was able to get good jobs. There would be signs of alcholism, like redness about the face and swollen eyes. I imagined his hair longish, but thick and messy. 

But he would be able to fool them upon first impressions, and then it would build up, til he exploded
Nurse Rachet = Jillian Anderson 
So, Mr Hyde was just Dr Jekyll at the end of November?
"Sir, those are very nice drawings, but can we get back to trying to find out who murdered my husband?"
Looks like Steven Avery to me boys, lock him up.
wow! the Sherlock Holmes sketch resembles Jeremy Brett! (the best characterization of SH, IMO)
Honestly, these photos scare the shit out of me. When I look at them, eye to eye, I almost feel as if she is going to move and start talking to me.
Police sketch artist over exaggerate every detail. None of these look like real people. They never look like real people when you see them on the news either. 
All of their faces seem too long and oval to me...
Jack looked like an alien but with hair hahaha
I wonder what the authors think of these? 
Dunno about the Sherlock Holmes sketch. The description says his jaw should be square
Those...dont look like humans
Ayyomame
Nurse Ratched at the top of the article looks like [Mike in "Stranger Things"](http://media.gettyimages.com/photos/actor-finn-wolfhard-of-stranger-things-attends-the-build-series-at-picture-id598115552)
Horseshit. 
I guess police think everyone looks like an alien? 
All are more attractive than I am. Even the monster:(
I want to see Dracula drawn up, so badly.
I want moar!
I can never imagine Thursday Next as anyone other than Cate Blanchett.
They chose the wrong 5
Mentalflossdotcom can go pissuparope with that aggressive site.
RIP mental floss magazine :'( I just subscribed two issues ago too 
Would love to see an interperson of Lisbeth Salander and her back dragon tattoo.  
/r/BadCompositeSketches
/r/nottimanderic
Damn.  The Shining rending is amazing.  The real "Jack" isn't far off from the book "Jack."
Don't know about the rest, but Torrance definitely looks like a serial killer. 
I was hoping to see Holden Caufield in there... used to have a weird crush on him as a teen!
For some reason all of these characters look like wanted criminals.
Is there one for Hermione? 


As a linguist I'll say this, i never considered sketch artists to be anything less than psychic. I dunno how they work, but they should go to school for linguistics for what they do
Have always wanted to do this if only I have the skill to draw the imaginations I have in my mind.
Not so much sketches as oddly proportioned conglomerates of facial features 
There is something deeply disturbing about these sketches. I can't figure it out. Is it some uncanny valley thing?
Well I never thought of myself as a Nurse Ratched-type, but that pic looks a lot like me :\
Yeah and Traveling Jack was definitely like 11 so why did they draw him as an old ass man. 
They kind of look like gray aliens though
This is not what I pictured them to be.
A monster so unspeakably hideous that it causes people to faint and fall sick and hate it instinctively apparently looks like Steve Buschemi's cousin, because of course he does.
If the sketches are this bad, how do they ever identify anyone ?

Also, the entire human anatomy breaks with those chins, you could kill people with that point.
The Police use exaggerated eyes and other features so that people can really recognize the person in the image. Eyes (and nose) are probably the most recognizable features of the human face. 

Source: CSI 
Whoever cast [Basil Rathbone](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/54/Rathbone_as_Holmes_-_F%26R.png/220px-Rathbone_as_Holmes_-_F%26R.png) as Sherlock Holmes did a good job. 
none of these look like actual people
TIL: Police sketch artists like sideburns
So in police sketches everyone has a crazy skinny jaw. 
That's not how faces work. 
Now I'm going to see all these creepy faces while dreaming tonight
These are all terrible, they barely look like people at all
I couldn't imagine Jack Torrance as anyone other than Nicholson when I read the book, this guy looks ... wrong (even though I know King hated pretty much every aspect of that movie, "here's Johnny" Jack is the guy I saw in my head the whole time)
This spoils it for me. I like to use my imagination. Like using a stock image out of the wank bank.
Errr...this sketch artist must have been British. 
Thick dark eyelashes and lips make all of these look strangely feminine. I think for the eyes in particular there's some sort of template that doesn't have much nuance.
Thick dark eye lashes and lips make all the portraits strangely feminine. I checked it out on the blog itself (about a dozen more pics), and it's pretty consistent. The eyes in particular seem to come from a template and there's not much nuance.
WTF is Jay Gatsby?
Nurse Ratched looks like Eleven. 
TIL Hyde was a small offputting dude and not some savage hulk monster.


What happens in that story anyway?
I always pictured Aomame being rather more beautiful.
These looks terrible. Or is that the point, that the descriptions in the books are terrible?
Any POC would most likely just look like a Starbucks order
I wish that we have a subreddit for this kind of thing ala redditgetsdrawn except for fictional literary characters you know... 
They should have done Hermione and put to rest the question of her race. /s
4 looks like a serial killer and 5 looks like womans bone structure.
Came here to see Roland..
What's with all the pointy chins? Are they anime characters? 
the thumbnail is white doublelift wtf
I actually thought she would look like that in 1984.
The Shining one was totally cheating, he gave the drawing the exact same hair as Nicholson in the movie for God's sake
None of those even look human.
Jack Torrance rendering looks scarier than Nicholson
I wanna see Harry Potter and  Hagrid 
Was hoping this would be cooler.
Good idea, pretty disappointing results though. Are these photos smushed together with drawings? 
What are these? Longface aliens?
I'm looking at these at 1am and The Monster is the LEAST freakiest of the bunch.
so i guess police sketches are automatically creepy regardless
Jack Torrance will always look like Jack Nicholson to me ... and definitely not the guy from Wings
They all look like they should have been members of the Talking Heads. 
every single one of them look psychopathic 
i'd like to see this done for taylor hebert.
I had never read these books except one Sherlock Holmes and to be honest that is exactly the picture that was painted in my mind by the words of the book...well done...but I'm just wondering if police have enough time to get things like this done then who is serving the community? I'm kidding don't hate me please...I know it was just their sketch artists
[Here are more composites] (http://www.brianjosephdavis.com/the-composites).
clicked this post like YASSSS everything I need in my life rn. But the character selection depressed me. Outside of Frankenstein's monster. Who, let's be honest, looks a little like an exotic shorthair.
Why does Frankenstein's monster look like Steve buscemi?
 AOMAME from  1Q84  is described by her "Extreme paucity of expression" throughout the book as well, but in the sketch there is a strong expression of anger/confusion on her face. 
they all look ugly
More human than human
I'm read 1Q84 right now. In other news, can we get pay someone to do this for every book?
Jack Torrance is more frightening than The Monster lol.
Is it just me or does the Monster look like Steve Buscemi? 
Why are they all male characters?
They all look the same. This sketch artist doesn't have the ability to draw people to look like anyone other than himself.
r/clickbait 
Talking about characters in fiction... What Jesus would have looked like... [jebus](http://imgur.com/PwNrpV8.jpg)
[removed]
Mates, please read the article as well as watch the pictures. Half the people here seem to have missed the fact that *all* of these were made by a computer. The thin necks and feminine lips are the result of a computer not being perfect.
I would take these with a grain a salt seeing as though a police sketch has never led to an arrest.
I'm obsessed with The Queen's Thief series by Megan Whalen Turner, but I feel like no one ever talks about them. The writing is stellar, you'll fall in love with the characters, and the plots are complex and deeply satisfying. I recommend them to everyone I can! The first book is much simpler than the rest but still great, and they just get better and better as you move through the series.
The Night my Mother Met Bruce Lee by Paisley Rekdal. 

Found this at a bookstore and just picked it up because I liked the title. It's a collection of essays about Rekdal's experiences as a biracial woman, half-Chinese and half-Norwegian. Funny and insightful at times about the awkward ways people navigate the issues of race and belonging. 
Kyle Minor's *Praying Drunk*. Wonderful collection of intertwined short stories. Moral, jaw-droppingly gorgeous tales.  Like a dark Steinbeck, and maybe a bit Faulknerian. Came out in 2014. 

Opening line:

"We begin with the trouble, but where does the trouble begin? My uncle takes a pistol and blows his brains out."

Only gets better from there. 


He's released to short story collections. Novel is in progress. Found him online somehow. Very talented, possibly a future prize winner/"great American novelist." 

Enjoy. 
Bad Monkey - Carl Haasen
Night Watch - Sergei Lukyanenko
I can't recommend Independent People by Halldor Laxness enough. Bought it solely because [this cover](http://covers.booktopia.com.au/600/9780099527121/independent-people.jpg) caught my eye from across the room, and did not regret the purchase as it became one of my all-time favourites.
Tobacco Road is a fantastic portrait of farming during the Great Depression that I think gives a much less dramatize view than Grapes of Wrath. It used to be pretty big, but now I know very few people who have heard of it.
*Sightseeing* by Rattawut Lapchorensap. Beautiful collection of short stories and short novels that really transcend their monicker as simply Thai stories.
Zen Mind: Beginner's Mind by Shunryu Suzuki. Easily the best book on zen and meditation, and helps one accept death. Supplement it with Siddharha by Hesse, and Letters From a Stoic by Seneca. 
The Greenlanders by Jane Smiley. Well-known author, probably one of her least-read books. Relates the final years of the fourteenth-century Greenland colony before its collapse, told in the manner of the Norse Sagas. Absorbing. In my opinion, her masterpiece. Much historical fact to back it up. A section of Jared Diamond's Collapse covers the same period and is a good follow-up.
33 snowfish by Adam Rapp.
A story of kids in a very desperate and disturbing setting.
*The Carefully Considered Rape of the World*, by Shepherd Mead

Short, sort of science fiction-ish novel about extra-terrestrials impregnating the entire female population on Earth. The unique title caught my eye at a used bookshop, so I scooped it up and it turned out to be an excellent read, despite not being remotely close to the type of book I'd usually go for. 
The Mortecai Trilogy by Kyril Bonfiglioli. 
One Crowded Hour, is a biography about the life of Neil Davis, a Combat Camera Man who's career spanned Vietnam and numerous other conflicts. I have literally read it 3 times! Can't recommend it highly enough. Author has the ability to put you on the ground as it unfolds.
I think "The Discovery of Heaven" by Harry Mulisch might interest you. Stephen Fry was in the movie version and even though I love Stephen Fry, the book was better 😉 Also, one of my favorite book is "I, Lucifer" by Glen Duncan - it is so good !


The St Mary's series by Jodi Taylor. Historians study history with time travel, everything always goes tits up. Very funny.
Dark Star by Oliver Langmead. Sci-fi noir written in iambic pentameter 
Mean Business on North Ganson Street by Craig Zahler (violent police procedural with amazing dialogue and characters by the writer/ director of Bone Tomahawk). Saw all of his novels mentioned in his Wikipedia page and bought them.

The Glamour by Christopher Priest (eerie novel about invisibility/identity by the author of The Prestige). Recommended to me by an English professor.

Soft Apocalypse by Will McIntosh (the world ends quietly, gradually, but horrifically). Can't remember how found this; it's been a few years.

No one I know has read these. All are great.
Last year I fell in love with the Trysmoon saga by Brian Fuller. It's kind of like a scy-fi fantasy book. Great read. 
The alchemist by Paulo coelho 
When I'm in a bookstore/second-hand shop and someone's hogging the aisle for several minutes reading through a book without moving.

Lending someone a book and not getting it back. Stopped that practice years ago after people got too forgetful. Now if a friend is looking for something, I usually just buy it for them and give it to them permanently.

People in second-hand shops who grab handfuls of books with the intent to sort them out/buy them much later, leaving people who actually wanted to pick up the book and see what it's about at a loss.
When people don't take care of them. Don't dog ear them, don't break the spine if you can help it, and for the love of god, take the dust jacket off if you're gonna carry it around in your bag (I've actually started keeping the dust jackets if I lend someone a book.)

You may not care what your books look like, or you may prefer that they looked used and loved and read broken spine and dog eared pages, ripped dust jackets, and that's fine. You like your books the way you like them, and I can like them the way I like them and that is looking like they just came off the shelf at the bookstore.


When I lend a book to someone only to have them bend the cover back like it's a magazine.

When I lend a book to someone only to have it returned only half read and in several pieces. 

Yeah, I don't lend books out anymore.
Assume that if I have a book that is damaged, then it's not important.  
Sure, maybe that book looks like a tattered little paperback to you, but it was the very first present my very first boyfriend got me when we lived like a thousand miles from each other. It moved with me, I love that damn thing.  
Nope, you can't keep it, nope, I'm not throwing it away, YES, it does matter to me and HELL YES I will kick your ass if you lose it or something.   
  
Often it feels like people only see books as expensive, trendy things to keep around and they forget about any sentimental value or enjoyment of the story.   
If anything, beloved, damaged copies are closer to my heart than those brand new, shiny, untouched hardbacks. 
I hate that no one reads my books. The social conquest of earth is interesting dang it.
When people (aka my little sister) take books from my shelves, and then either don't put them back, or put them back somewhere completely random. There is an organizational system, and it's really annoying when I have to go searching through the whole collection because someone put a memoir in the science fiction!
I don't loan anyone my books because I know they don't care as much about them as I do. I also would be terrified of never getting them back. 
I hate it when I'm reading, and somebody tries to have a full blown conversation with me. It just irks the shit out of me. 
I'm really particular about how I keep my books. If I lend one to someone I want it back in the exact same condition I gave it to you in.

That means, don't bend the fucking pages, use a bookmark.

If it's a soft cover book, do not, for the love of god, break the binding by bending the book completely in half, as you're reading.

Also, if you fuck my book up or lose it, you can get me a new one. 

I've always felt bad being so strict on that stuff, but I really like to keep my books nice.
After also not getting some books bag, I now only lend them stuff if they also have stuff I want to read.
Lending someone a book and they return it with the spine full of creases.
Don't move my books around, they are in specific order. Illogical to you, perhaps, but those are my bookshelves. Don't take my boarding passes out of my books. ( I do most of my reading at 30,000 feet - I fly weekly for work). And don't d...sigh. Just don't touch my books okay? 
[deleted]
I read Hogfather by Terry Pratchett every Christmas. Although now that I'm living in Australia, maybe I should be pulling out a beach read instead :P
Two, or maybe three, years ago I made it my mission to read 'A Christmas Carol.'

Maybe "mission" is too strong a word, since it's by no means a difficult read.

After watching different film adaptations (the Disney version is the best, hands down; I dare you to fight me on that), I felt it was time to read the book.
I don't have an old favourite per se, but around the holidays I always reach for a good old murder mystery. Not sure why . . . 
I know this might not be what you were looking for, but I like to read [Carl's Christmas](http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/808529.Carl_s_Christmas) by Alexandra Day. I've read it since I was a kid. There's no words, just beautiful pictures. We had a rottweiler when I was baby who loved me, so we always read it as "Inga's Christmas" (that was her name).

I also like to read Calvin & Hobbes, especially the winter comics. So magical. 
I like Sarah Addison Allen's books for the holidays, especially the ones set in fall and winter. There's just something so warm and cozy and enchanting about them. They're the perfect curl-up-with-a-blanket-and-hot-cocoa type of books. 
The holiday season is mostly used for frantically finishing all the books I'm reading. I like having a fresh start in January, a completely clean slate.
The Stupidest Angel by Christopher Moore :-)
The Golden Compass is my favorite reread, especially during the holidays. Those first few chapters of exploring Jordan College with Lyra and Pan are just so magical and make me feel more at home than anything.
I decided last year that I would reread Joe Hill's “NOS4A2” every Christmas. Although I may switch it out for “The Fireman” this year. I love the Harry Potter series before Christmas as well.

Also, not really Christmas related, but I love rereading “Something Wicked This Way Comes” just before Halloween. That book and that month just go so perfectly together.
This year, I'll only have time to read A Christmas Carol again, as I've got a ton of non-Christmas books I want to get through. However, I did read a load of Christmas books last year that I enjoyed, that I've been recommending to people looking for some different Christmas reading. The first three are books I could definitely see myself rereading at future Christmases;   

**Holidays on Ice**, by David Sedaris (I recommend listening to the audiobook of this - his delivery is what really sells it)  
**The Stupidest Angel**, by Christopher Moore  
**The Fat Man: A Tale of North Pole Noir**, by Ken Harmon   
**The Life and Adventures of Santa Claus**, by L. Frank Baum (be warned, this is a VERY old fashioned book)  
**Up on the Rooftop**, by Kristine Grayson  
**The Bear Who Found Christmas**, by Alan Rodgers  
**St. Nicholas and the Dragon**, by Tracy and Laura Hickman  
**Santa and Other Christmas Criminals**, by Kristine Kathryn Rusch  
I don't really read anything different based on the time of the year. I'll probably be finishing The Bone Clocks (by David Mitchell) and read A Little Life (by Hanya Yanagihara) after that. 
Moominland Midwinter. Perfect book for a cold winter evening.
After starting The Stand by Stephen King last Christmas, I plan on reading It over my holidays this Christmas. In terms of re-reading, I am considering buying a Kindle so I can read some cheap Point Horror stories from my teen years. 
I tend to read graphic novels on my days off, so I'll try to catch up on those.  I'll work through Geoff Johns's Green Lantern and then start up Alan Moore's Swamp Thing.  I'll also try and finish The First Law Trilogy.
I always like reading the Russians when it gets cold outside, knowing you're not nearly as cold as Dostoevsky was when writing *Crime and Punishment* or Tolstoy writing *Ivan Ilyich*
My favorite holiday titles are *Holidays on Ice* by David Sedaris and *The Stupidest Angel: A Heartwarming Tale of Christmas Terror* by Christopher Moore.  I also tend to re-read *The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy* at this time of the year too.

My family is very religious, however I am not and I find that reading humor during this time of the year helps my brain deal with all the subtle religious guilt trips they give me.  The rest of the year I read more serious stuff, but this is definitely the season were I want to just relax and laugh.  
I've been planning a re-read of all 7 Harry Potter's this holiday season.
I'm going through one right now actually. I've always been a heavy reader but recently I've been going through some really hard time mentally and going to college isn't helping much. I haven't read more than s chapter of a book in about two years. 
I studied for the Bar exam from May-July 2016. Reading all day left me with no desire to read at night. I flunked the bar exam, so until February, I probably won't be reading much for fun. Sad.
Read heaps of sci/fi fantasy in my 20s, all non fiction in my 30s and now mixing between the two my 40s. My next big move is to actually write. 
Always been an avid reader but university killed reading for amusement. Didn't read a single fiction novel for 3 years. Broke the trend the day after graduation with Eoin Colfer's "Plugged".
Grew up reading a ton. I'm 24, haven't finished a book since I was 18.
Marriage killed my reading habits for years as my wife acted like reading was anti-social and forced me to watch TV all the time so we could "share". Thankfully we are divorced and I am caught up on my book queue.
For pleasure? College. All of college. 

But I *did* read during that time as we had to read plays and text for classes. 
Starting my first job. Only read during time off for holidays etc. for a long time.
I read a lot as a child and as a teenager, and from 19 - 22 didn't read a lot, instead focused on music, films, tv, stuff on youtube etc. 

Coming back to reading, to my horror I noticed it was really hard to begin again. It was incredibly difficult to imagine things in my head, and retain knowledge, whereas when I was younger it was so much easier. Pushing myself through this it gets easier, but I am aware that it brought my reading level right down by a few years. Like not playing an instrument or speaking another language, it took ages for me to get better again. Reading is a skill.

My advice, just don't stop reading. Have a minimal amount of what you can read per week or month. Keep your skill honed.
After my mother's death I didn't read a book for three to four months. Grief has been the only thing to keep a book out of my hand.
When I was super busy with uni and when I was extremely depressed. The depressed one bothered me the most, as I had the time to read but I just couldn't focus or remember well enough. It would be incredibly frustrating to try to read as it was another reminder that I couldn't enjoy anything.
Well for a long time we didn't have cable or internet, so I read every day. But I recently got a nice computer and drawing tablet, a ps3 with Netflix and Hulu. So I've been pretty distracted, that was like... 6 months ago. I was at the beginning of book 4 of asoaif, I got the entire series(so far) used online for like $15, it was a great deal. But I have to road trip with family for the holidays and I was planning on taking it. 
Months, certainly, but I very much doubt that it's ever been over a year.

I do recall moving into a large, shabby old flat at the end of a turbulent series of events, and - being alone - having quite some uninterrupted time ahead of me. I shelved all my books in one room overlooking the unkempt sprawl of a garden, set up a saggily comfortable wingchair and footstool in the middle, placed a side table for drinks and biscuits to one side of it and all of the Hornblower books to the other and proceeded to read through them all over the course of a few weeks after *far* too long a gap.

That was definitely a happy return to reading.
In middle school, we had a thing where we had to read books (any books that the school library had) and take tests about them on the school computers. This kind of killed the joy of reading for me for a while. I was able to pick books that I liked, but being *forced* to read wasn't fun, even if it was a good book, so I pretty much just did the bare minimum.

Read a good bit in my first two years of high school, then kinda dropped off. Graduated in 2012, read maybe a book or two a year since then, until this past summer. My brother got me into Philip K. Dick, and I tore through most of his work. Got a Kindle in September, and I've been reading pretty much non-stop since.
Yes. Had my first kid in 2003, the second in 2008. No time to read while doing the daycare shuffle. Audible revolutionized my life circa 2008. Still a gold subscriber. 
I'll start. So, I've been having a lack of focus for the last three years of so, and I hadn't read any book until the last week, when I read the well-known "The Hitchhiker's Guide to The Galaxy", by Douglas Adams.
Responsibilities and interests fluctuate, but I always like a good book.

also, sometimes you have to wait for a great author/series to put out another book or two.
Right now, bought a house, got a shitload of work to do before its finished. Somehow i can't get myself to read.
Maybe when it is finished i can find the time again.
I've been reading nothing really new recently, I've reread books I love but I haven't really branched out in terms of author or series.
My gaps entered existence at the same time that my kids did. I used to read every day; motherhood and housewifery scared away the bookworm for months at a time. Now, I am beginning to jump back into it.
I don't think I've had it go as long as a year, but I've had a few months where I haven't read a book because of school. I've noticed I follow a pattern where I tend to read more around Christmas and at the beginning of the summer when classes have recently finished.
Assuming we count textbooks, that leaves ages 17-22 and 27-31. 
I went through a serious depressive episode in college and stopped reading. I played solitaire on my ipod touch instead of reading for my hour-plus train ride that I took twice a day to get to school and back because I literally couldn't focus long enough to put two sentences together. This also made schoolwork quite difficult. It took awhile to get back--I read a lot of graphic novels and kids fantasy for awhile to just be reading *something,* because I was still reading a page and then switching to Twitter or whatever because my attention span was so shot--but this year I've finally been reading whole grownup novels on the couch after dinner instead of watching entire seasons of the Biggest Loser in one sitting.

I think S. by Doug Dorst was the first book that got me back to being able to focus on reading for longer than 5 minutes at a time, now that I think about it.
During college and a year or so after, I did not read any books for enjoyment. 

Writing papers and reading chemistry books for school drained me. When I needed a mental break, reading a book for enjoyment didn't seem to be a good option at all. I'd go to Netflix or some reality tv show to give myself a break. 
I think I've probably gone, at most, two weeks without reading a book since I first learned to read. It's been my only hobby for decades. 
During my last year of college I read several novels every month in addition to my class reading list. I love reading and was becoming addicted to checking thrift stores, Half Price Books, and my library for cheap books that looked like they would be nice. Now that I got my first "Real" job I have been having trouble reading, even if I have extra time. Any suggestions of what to do? I am currently sitting at page 200 of the Miles Davis autobiography and have been for the last few weeks...feels bad man
College, so 4 years. Problem sets, hanging out, and sleeping all seemed more important than reading at the time. After graduation a few months ago, I read The Martian and got back into reading. It still takes me about a month to finish a book (if I even finish it) but its better than not reading at all.
I've always been an avid reader--averaged about a book/day throughout high school. During college, I completely stopped reading for fun during the academic year. In hindsight, even though I was exhausted, I should have kept reading. Probably would have killed my stress! As soon as I was done with school I began reading about 1 book a week... nothing like I used to, but more if I have the time or energy! 
I barely read at all for fun in high school. Between having 2.5 hours a day on the bus, a much heavier course load, and discovering the wonders of tv shows, it just wasn't a priority. I think I read a bit, especially during summer holidays, but it wasn't until I got to uni that I really got back into reading.
I was reading quite a bit during the summer this year, and my mother in law passed unexpectedly. I stopped reading completely for about a month, which seemed huge because it was my main hobby in 2016. My life was too emotionally tumultuous for me to add fake emotions into it. I didn't view books as an escape, but as more people for me to get attached to and I just didn't want it. 

My next book was Landline by Rainbow Rowell, and I read it because it was a very easy, brainless read that wouldn't tear me to shreds. 

Other than that, I also tend to stop reading when my husband gets home from deployments or while I'm taking any classes. 
Yeah there are times i haven't read at all but that was the time i'm going through depression.

There are times i read less like 1 chapter per week or something. 
I've always loved to read,but going to college beat it out of me. It took about two years after I graduated before I started to enjoy reading again.
During the school year (like right now) I'm always busy studying and doing work for school, so I feel guilty whenever I'm reading something for pleasure... I haven't finished a book since August. When I do have some free time (usually at night before going to bed), I usually spend it playing video games with friends or talking. It really depends though. Last semester I was great with reading- even though I was swamped with studying and still played games etc., I always had a book for leisure reading in my bag wherever I went, and would pick it up and read whenever I had a free moment on campus or elsewhere. I ended up reading 30 books or so just during that semester, which shows it's possible to find time to read even when you're busy. I think right now I'm in a slump because I'm stuck in a very long book (it's very good) that I can't be bothered carrying around.    

I feel like I didn't read as much in high school for some reason, which is odd because I had free time and 
When I was in college, I did so much reading but it was only school stuff (historic and scientific stuff, studied archaeology) and I didn't have time and energy to read books that I was really interested in. Right after finishing college I was back on track. 
When I was 19 and suffering from depression I didn't read for three months. I'm pretty sure I read *Lolita* just after. 
I am sort of in such a spot right now.

I still read, usually about 2 books a month, but this is much less than in the past.

But I have read the classics and all the stuff that is reall famous and even the not so famous ones, but especially in the Scifi and Fantasy area, it is really hard to find more good stuff to read.

Sadly writers like Tolkien, Martin, Gibson, Heinlein, Bradburry, Clarke, Pratchett, Gaimann, Moorcock, don´t exist by the dozen.
After reading everything I could get my hands on from 8-16, I stopped for almost 2 years. I think it's because I just became so focused on sports, meeting girls, making friends, and trying to score booze on weekends. I kind of think I didn't want to be seen as a bookworm, it didn't fit my image of who I (thought I) wanted to be at the time. It took me until sophomore year of college to realize that was more of the 'real' me than the guy playing football or whatever. As 'cool' as I was trying to seem, in reality I was too insecure to bring a book to school and read it at lunch like I'd done in middle school and early HS (and suffered for, on occasion).
There have been dry spells since then, but never really more than a month or so.
I don't know if this would really be considered a "time gap" per se, but I read constantly, and almost every fall, I spend a month or so being overwhelmed, where I don't actually finish any books. Usually someone will recommend some reading "fluff" and I'll start there, and I usually don't like whatever fluff I picked, but at least I've started reading again and so it's easier to pick up the next thing.
I am trying to pull myself out of one now. I love reading books but the last few years I haven't been able to invest in reading as much as I would like to. Currently reading the Dark Tower series. Maybe after that The Dresden Files. 
I liked what Leo brought to the character. 


I read the book for the first time when I was in high school so I couldn't quite grasp the concept of a tortured soul cursed with excessive wealth as a less than wealthy teenage girl. 


When I watched the movie I realized that Gatsby was still crazy, but also passionate and extremely sympathetic, albeit over the top, in regards to love.



That scene where he walks out and leaves Nick standing there like it was his surprise for Daisy was hilarious. Such a great moment I didn't get from the book. 


https://www.bobbooks.co.uk/bookshop/photobook/phil-s-osophy-by-phil-dunphy
I reread the book a few months ago. It is so honest about grief, I love the stories the monster tells, I'm looking forward to that movie. I hope they can capture the level of devastation in the book 
This book destroyed me. It was such a great modern fable. 
I've heard so much praise for this book but also so much about how heartbreaking it is! I want to read it but I'm not emotionally prepared!
I read it for the first time this year. I expected some kind of Halloween kids book; I was totally wrong but totally blown away! I cried. What a beautiful, heartrending, true book.
I picked this up at random last week in the school library while my students were sitting through a lesson with our librarians. The next day I had to stay home with my sick daughter and read the whole thing in one sitting. I hardly ever get choked up during emotional movies--it's kind of a joke between my wife and me that I am a heartless  bastard and she had to make up the balance by crying over tampon commercials. I was totally gutted by the end of the story. The cool thing is that the story is so affecting not because of any trickery or gimmicks; it's just true.

By "true" I don't mean that it is nonfiction; I mean that it feels like an authentic representation of what it is like to be human.

I Googled the title so I could give my students a little presentation (I like to give an "elevator pitch" to my students when I find a book I think they'll like) and was surprised to see that it's been made into a movie! How had I not heard of it before? 
P. Ness 
I thought this book was absolutely beautiful. The author really caught the process and difficulties of going through grief at any age. The intricacies of tying his monster and the stories to lessons in the real world really popped through. I can't wait to see the movie :)
This book was incredibly heart breaking but I loved every page. 
My favorite book
I don't have to read the article to know that the Sequel to Fifty Shades of Bad Writing has to be on the list.
Having a teenager or even a child as a protagonist isn't what makes a book YA. YA books are written specifically for younger audiences and generally feature easier prose and word choice. 
It's a genre bender!
I would say, based on your description, that it would be Dystopian-YA. Or, perhaps the umbrella of just Fantasy or Dark-Fantasy.

Remember that some of the best stories can not be defined by just one specific genre, and you shouldn't worry about it too much until it is finished.
Which genre label(s) would you say fits it best? Maybe one or two dominate or stand out more than the others? Then again, there's nothing wrong with calling it "Dystopian YA Sci-Fi/Fantasy/Horror"!
Sounds like dystopian YA or just a straight out superhero story, which is kind of it's own thing, but they all end up in scifi or fantasy depending on the tone and writing style and plot. Dystopian implies scifi, and can include mutants, technology, and horrors but the powers and ghouls might push it into dark fantasy, unless there is some kind of handwavy science behind where they came from (radioactive spiders? mutants? aliens?). YA is just an age bracket for marketing.

Just finish it and then worry about genre. Let your beta readers tell you what they think.
Mmmm ... I'd say Dystopian YA. IMHO.
A good idea I suppose.. but it would be great if you could at least sort by genre so that it would suggest books in a genre that you read. 
Why do you not link directly to the page instead of leading us through The Verge?
99% of the books are public access classics that get posted here everyday.  

Aside from a Murakami work, I found nothing new...
Surprisingly good fun. You click on a link and get the first page of one of the site's chosen books. You know nothing about it and... it's interesting to try, knowing neither title nor author, and with zero marketing and packaging.
It was fun. My first book was Animal Farm and I recognised it immediately.

Second was Les Mis which was again recognised. I might try again later. 
Except Sci-Fi.

Covers usually have nothing to do with those, but are generally pretty awesome arts.
Pretty nice! 
This feels more like "guess the book" than a recommendation service.  The 1st one I got was The Martian and the third was The Hobbit - who would be remotely interested in this service and not already know those books?
>He is willing to do everything by himself, but I wonder, do you know any place where you could order that kind of personalized book ?

Meaning handwritten? I'd expect such a service to cost a whole lot. It must take a huge amount of hours to write an entire book with quality handwriting.
The best way to do it, is to write on single pages and later send them to some Company who can bind it into a book.

Writing into a blank book is very risky, because you can´t make any mistake because you can´t just toss the page
You pose some interesting questions in your post, especially the one related to oral history. How do you verify oral history sources?
What was your favorite part of the research process? Did you feel you were well received as a white guy researching a part of American black history? 
[removed]
Out of curiosity what do you like so much about the novel? It always seemed to be the odd one out in the Hemingway canon to me. Not in the writing style but just in the themes and plot it really jarred next to the other books for me that it only really made sense to me as a kind of ironic novel.
The movie would never be as good as the book. Hemingway's style leaves so much for the reader to interpret themselves that a film would miss out on.
Cocaine and/or Morphine... Sherlock was a druggie and Watson was his enabler.

If you want stuff that won't get you killed in the Philippines, Sherlock played violin and had lots of reference books. He has used a cane as a weapon, too, but that would seem insulting to someone even if they needed a cane.
I don't think Holmes would really appreciate gifts much. If Watson gave him anything, it would be something useful, like a new pipe or tobacco. Neither of those would make a good gift for most people today.
Maybe a nice pen? Holmes might appreciate that as practical. 

Is you boss a reader? What about a nice edition of The Complete Sherlock Holmes or the collected works of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle? 
Explain the partnership or the person.
If you go to the National Portrait Gallery (Great Britain not USA) you can order prints of any of the images they have.  There are a variety of sizes and formats available.

 There is one of Holmes, but no image available.  There are several photos of Doyle.  
There's this sketch from Punch of Doyle and Holmes that I quite like:
http://www.npg.org.uk/collections/search/portrait/mw01925/Arthur-Conan-Doyle?LinkID=mp01351&search=sas&sText=Arthur+Conan+doyle&role=sit&rNo=1


Perhaps a pipe? Even if he doesn't smoke, it's a go-to Holmes prop. Or a 'deerstalker' hat.

I just checked Etsy- if you search 'Holmes and Watson men' there are a few nice things- cufflinks, tie accessory, pocket watch.
Sherlock Holmes collected things that were essentially mementos of the cases he worked on - key clues, artifacts, etc..  If your boss knows this about Holmes, then a memento of a particularly hairy job you worked on or the like might fit the bill. 

Failing that, a nice binding of the book like /u/AuroraBlue6 suggested if he's a reader. If not, a DVD set of Sherlock, or even the old Basil Rathbone movies (just not "Elementary", for the love of all that's good). 
A syringe 
>Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist

>A necessary reminder that feminism is about being yourself—the whole, actual person, who has equal rights and value to everyone else—and not about giving up rap music and the color pink. Unless you hate rap music and the color pink, in which case, you know, go forth.

This book is about *so much more*. I remember feeling gut-punched when she described her sexual assault, and the aftermath. I was delighted by her essay about Scrabble competitions. I nodded along with her about The Hunger Games -- paraphrasing -- that she cannot be a critic of the movies because it's *too close* to her. That she knows there are faults within it but she cannot critique it, because it was that engaging. Another essay gave a necessary critique of Caitlin Moran's How To Be A Woman.
Some really interesting books on this list. The ones I haven't read I'm certainly interested in because there are just so many interesting topics and viewpoints.

Thanks for sharing!
Women should wear stilettos and nice dresses.. End of conversation.
Bill Clinton was probably the most misogynistic president I can remember, but all this fear only comes up when a republican is elected 
[deleted]
much more deeper, huh? 
More deep or, preferably, just deeper.
I think they're probably talking about *how* the author describes and treats that cruelty or suffering. A humane author would treat it with respect and understanding and dignity for everyone involved. You can dismiss someone as a whiny P.O.S., or you can delve into their past traumas and disappointments... you can call someone evil or you can humanely explore their psychology and why they act the way they do.
I don't know why this is. I guess it's because books containing unimaginable cruelty often deal with the harsher realities of what it is like to be human. This quest for understanding is what is deemed 'humane', even though the cruelty is almost sickening. (For me, the Man Booker winner in 2014, *The Narrow Road to the Deep North* by Richard Flanagan, is a case in point.) It's almost becoming a new definition of "humane": "This book deals with really harsh subjects in a serious way."
I always read it as a different meaning of humane, like they understand and attempt to represent as best they can the human parts of the stories.
Because humane in this context refers to treating an issue in a genuine, palpable way that relates to how human individuals perceive suffering or bad experiences from an authentic point of view. 

It doesn't mean that they're writing pleasant fiction. 
When you relate the word "humane" with being good, it is a mistake actually. Being a human is not the same as being good, but a pack of emotions and desires and options that will handle some situation in the present moment. We kind of created the concept of cruelty for our current lives, so it is humane. I don't know if a monkey thinks he is cruel while doing some harm to other monkey, but the human does sometimes. If a book contains types of feelings, desires, moral and imoral statements, so can be described as humane in a way, because our lives are all about these things.
I've always taken it as an empathetic look at cruelty. Especially if you take a look at the way the suffering in question is described in the book, unless it's mindless killing it could very well be a humane type of suffering.
The God Delusion by Richard Dawkins. I read it in middle school. My mom bought it for me at the bookstore - quickly allowing "God" in the title to blind her of the word "Delusion" and anything else the book would represent. Quickly made me a young atheist. 
1984 and anthem. They taught me how precious individual liberty is. 
"You are a badass" by Jen sincero. 

Her ridiculously relatable use of foul language and genuine human struggles caused me to quit my useless job four hours after finishing it and led me on a journey to build my career, which Ive earned $6k in 3 months!
hmm... Can't name just one because I think a few have considerably, in different ways.

A Song Of Ice And Fire series was the first fantasy series I ever read. It showed me reading could be as fun as any other medium and was what got me back into reading after having put books down for a few years.

The one two punch of Kafka On The Shore followed by Infinite Jest really smashed all the preconceptions I had about what books were. Plus they got me into a more experimental fiction which I'm really having a blast exploring.

A Peoples History Of The United States by Howard Zinn was hugely influential to a young me. It showed me no progress ever came without a fight in this country, and if you're a type of person to have certain believes it's your responsibility to carry that tradition on.

The Book by Alan Watts really in that cliche way "saved" my life. Though I no longer think its nearly as simple as to say quantum mechanics=zen, I still love the "heart" of that book. It really pulled my younger angsty-existentially depressed head out of my ass when I most needed it.
On the Road
"The Alchemist" by Paulo Coelho. I love this book because it helped me to envision my own life journey in the same manner ^_~
The Neverending Story by Michael Ende. A beautiful, inventive story that made me think about escapism and fantasy stories and generally about being a reader. 
Collapse by Jared Diamond. It made me understand how important enviorment quality realy is.
1984 showed me the value of the self
The Lord of the Rings drew me into the high fantasy genre ( my favorite genre without a doubt)
The Masque of Red Death by Edgar Allen Poe made me realise how much I love horror fiction
Three by Hermann Hesse, *Siddhartha*, *Narcissus and Goldmund*, and *Steppenwulf*.

They showed me I was not alone in my existential, dualistic, spiritual confusion.  *Siddhartha* was also the book me and my ex-partner bonded over on our first "date" - which was actually just sitting by a stream at night.  Even though we've broken up, those were wonderful years.
Ender's Game, both because the story is so incredible and because of the fucking absurd dissonance between the acceptance and message regarding xenophobia in the novel, and the absolute asshole-ism of Ender Scott Card in real life is completely mindblowing. The most influential part of the story is I think the artificial intelligence created through their computers (dont recall the name).

Also anything Margaret Atwood. Beautiful novels.
Madonna in a fur coat
Into The Wild & Eiger Dreams by Jon Krakauer, loved the book & inspired me to travel on the rugged imstead of hiding in resorts & fancy hotels...
The Harry Potter series, Fahrenheit 451, and 1984. Not all my favorite, but definitely altered me most. 
1984 by George Orwell 
Ulysses by James Joyce. It made me want to write when I learned how much a book could make me feel. I've never felt more emotions in real life than I have in reading that book. 

It forced me to expand my vocabulary and made me revisit lots of books that I had passively read in earlier times. 

Hamlet is now my second favourite piece of fiction after Ulysses. 

I picked a different author as my inspiration for writing because to me Joyce is the apex of what the English language can do. 
I dont know if anything REALLY CHANGED my life but The Egyptian by Mika Waltari is one of the very few novels i have read/listened multiple times and it always gives me some different aspect. Unfortunately it is not available as unabridged version in english as far as i know.
*Change Your Habits--Change Your Life*, by Dr. Wayne Dyer.
"The Son" by Phillip Meyer. Greatest fiction American classic novel I have ever read to this day. Couldn't stop reading once I lifted the book up. Made me realize how immense, beautiful and exhausting the world really is. 
The Left Hand of Darkness - Changed my perceptions of gender and social constructs about individuals.

Small gods - Made me think about belief and clan-mindedness

Magic of Reality - Helped with understanding the deep roots behind things people believe.
Willow by Julia Hoban really helped me when I was younger. That and anything by Courtney Summers.
Infinite Jest by David Foster Wallace. It sort of broke my feelings and I think I became a worse person after reading it. 
Celestine Prophecy..
How to Read a Book by Mortimer Adler. 
The Brothers Karamazov.
1984 gave me a new view on society and learned me to view it on a macro and micro perspective.

Kafka's The Trail.

The New York Trilogy convinced me that weird is fun.

Infinite Jest is currently showing me that well written words and interesting subject matter can lead me through incomprehensive storylines.
Had a bumpy childhood and Harry Potter got me through MANY a rough year. That series will forever hold a special place in my heart. 

As an adult, American Gods by Neil Gaiman. I don't know why, but it made me look at the world differently. 
**Living The Best Day Ever by Hendri Coetzee.**

Got me into thinking about life, spirituality, exploration, death and just overall the power of outdoor activites and adventure.

Highly recommend to Outdoor Enthusiasts of any kind but especiallly kayakers, rafters and explorers!
I enjoyed it! It raises a lot of ethical and philosophical questions around Terra-forming. The characters points of view guide the arguments as circumstances unfold and the inevitable happens.
I'm just finishing it for the third time.  In fact, last night I stuck the bookmark in right after Nadia found Arkady's remains.

I agree that the characters desire for a different societal structure is compelling.  Robinson does an amazing job of creating a believable Mars, with the conflicting interests of the anarchist elements in the first hundred and the corporatists.  It's an amazing story that has never gotten enough attention.
Anyone who's read the whole series would you recommend it?
Incredible book. I just finished this last night. I'm interested to see what happens between the hidden colony and transnats in the future. Looking forward to finishing the trilogy. 
It struck me as a bit of an analogy for Earth at present, and a fairly unsubtle hint that if you push too far away from what Power wants then Power will crush you if it can't use you. Excellent book with rich characters, and believable scenarios and science. Looking forward to reading the rest of the trilogy.
The great thing is that it really doesn't matter what's going on with technology. Not that fancy tech doesn't play a huge roll, but it takes a real back seat to the question of who gets to control a Martian future and the ethics of colonization.  It's one of my favorite series. Btw Maya is a total brat.
They've automated the starving artist 
That's actually pretty cool.
These should be in every bathroom stall 
Pulp fiction is due for a comeback!
this would have been a great thing to have 10 or 20 yrs ago (before smartphones). Now it just looks wasteful    
  

EDIT: I'm surprised the top comment isn't the link for a app that does the same thing but even better. This is 2016, we don't need to waste so much paper/metal/energy, you can get a used smartphone with a large lcd and a decent cpu to read books on ebay/craglist/kijiji for less than 15$ or brand new on aliexpress for less than 50$.
I like the format of this, and that it's free. However, the whole short story/book from vending machines (for pay, obviously this is gratis) thing confuses me. The whole point of a book store is try before you buy. And now it's almost becoming expected to buy before you try?

That said, still cool
So... the same thing as zines...
Interesting. I wonder how they vet the stories.
How would one submit a story to be chosen by these machines?
These should be delivering r/WritingPrompts
Hope those aren't printed on BPA coated thermal paper.
But what if I can't read? Can I get a machine that dispenses readers?


Sounds like some shitty reading
Or, just own a smartphone.
what a waste
Very cool, anything that encourages reading is a win. I like the randomness component 
/r/mademesmile
I saw one of these in San Francisco. They print out the stories on really satisfying receipt paper and the story that I got was actually pretty good. 
Do they dish them out only in french? Is english not an option?
One of the stories must be written by Kilgor Trout
Cool idea
Or.. you could browse Reddit short stories. 
Can we set these up to only print novels that have won the Bad Sex in Fiction award?
I want one for my company's waiting room.
Selected by the community you say...
Then one of those storys is surely named Story McStoryface..
New yorkers would see this as a free toilet paper dispenser.
Penguin did a selection (80) of 80p classics last year, all little black books containing a classic short story or stand-alone extract of a larger book. They would be brilliant to have in a dispenser. Insert 80p and receive a small book at random. It would get people reading, talking about the books and maybe even create a small swapping community.

(Obviously I mean dispensing the books, not printing them like this does)
Hack that shit noooooow!
What a fucking dumb device.
GIVE ME ONE IN GEORGIA NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW
They have one of these at Cafe Zoetrope in San Francisco (nice Italian restaraunt, owned by Francis Ford Coppola). It's nice when you're waiting to get a table.
Waste of paper.  Just go to r/writingprompts for all that short story goodness, but without the pesky selection committee! 
Wait - why are they on streets?  

They should be in shitters everywhere.
Do the writers get a royalty?
r/nosleep should submit their top of the month stories. 
They need to load /r/ShowerThoughts to this thing.
Here in the USA some idiot would get legislation passed banning these because somebody would claim one of the stories had secret Communist or Nazi propaganda.

This is why we can't have nice things, America. 
No phones in france??
Seems pretty wasteful. 
/r/titlegore
We need more things like this.
I can see it now, streets littered with short stories, and climate change accelerating due to the pollution caused by the evil literate. Damn literates!
[deleted]
Neat but a little strange to use a paper format instead of electronic downloads. What is next?  A buggy whip dispenser kiosk?
It's interesting that this is from *The Blade* (a Toledo, OH based paper for those who may not know) as I'm an instructor at the University of Toledo. I always try to get hard copies into my classroom even if that means hand writing journals (which I often do).       

I don't believe that for a moment that books are dead and I think your title is a bit misleading. This article is more so that books in the campus bookstore are less prevalent. Plus, you didn't take into consideration partnerships that bring literal bookstores on campus. Like the one between the University of Toledo and Barnes & Noble. I think you've fallen into a bit of selective evidence. This article has also failed to being attention to the articles used in class; peer review between students; and the group work done amongst them. Yes, there has been a boom in digital textbooks but the pen and paper will never truly be replaced. Hell, I've still got students trying to hand write essays and turn them in. 
Well, now I have to go to bed angry. Thanks.
Despite the headline, the article seems to indicate that students are still buying books - they're just ordering them to be delivered by mail, rather than buying the books at the campus store.  That seems reasonable to me.  I get a lot of my books that way, too.
I have never read or heard about this book but I am now interested. Can you please elaborate on how the book changed your reading life?  
I'm not sure what constitutes a respectable book list, but it's very commonly mentioned in [self-help](http://www.artofmanliness.com/2013/06/17/how-to-read-a-book/) and [personal development](https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/248984) articles.  I agree though, 10/10 would recommend.  It's basically *the* book to help you understand the process of reading and how you can get more out of it.  
Because it prescribes a very inefficient and inflexible method.
i completely agree. this book should be required reading in high school.

i'd also like to add though, that this book is not going to help you 'get' a novel. it isn't going to help you understand why some novels are considered 'great' and others are not. i mention this only because the sub is almost entirely dominated by the discussion of novels, and, while this book addresses fiction, it is almost entirely dominated by the discussion of nonfiction. it is more about analyzing terms, statements, and arguments.
I just had a quick browse through it and it doesn't seem very useful to me.  Surely it's the sort of attitude that naturally develops as one gains more exposure to the world, especially when a child begins to approach non-fiction, and when one begins to come across opposing or at least inconsistent opinions.  People who care enough to want to think about how they read would be reading enough to figure this out naturally.
Adler was a famous hard-ass, in the parlance of our time, and not friendly to the snow-flakes of this time. The Chicago School were, well, pretty conservative, and you know what that means. Good for you for keeping his memory alive.
I feel like you are the only one that feels me. When I even mention the name of said book most scoff, if they only knew.


edit: I will take this opportunity to also plug "The Great Conversation" which is the primer to the "Great Books of the Western World" which is how I was familiarized with Adler myself. His work has been paramount in my adult education.
[deleted]
[deleted]
The only real answer: *It's up to you.* There are no "shoulds."
It depends....

French: three or four words a page for me. Italian: three or four words a line! (I don't read for pleasure in Italian, just to improve my novice grip on the language.)
What I do personally is look up the words once I'm done reading for the moment. Unless the word prevents me from understanding a sentence completely, in which case I'll look it up immediately.
I think it's smart to spend a good portion of your reading time reading things where you can enjoy the flow of the story without using a dictionary (or using it very little). If you really need a dictionary to understand what you're reading, and you don't use one, that's just going to get frustrating; but reading material that's easy enough that you can mostly understand it and just guess or skip over the few words you don't know is *really helpful* in getting used to the grammar of the language in a way that reading difficult material and looking up all the unfamiliar words isn't. (Both are useful, of course, but they're useful in different ways.)
Like others have said, it depends. 

I think it is very important when you read books in a foreign language that are at the same language level that you are and not at the same reading level that you are in your native language. I generally don't look up more than a couple words per chapter, but that is also because I prefer to figure out an unknown word through context. 

If I'm really reading for language improvement though I usually pick a book that I've already read in a language that I'm fluent in, so the story itself takes a backseat because I already know it and I can focus on the language itself. 
It depends on why you're reading. There are basically two approaches: intensive reading and extensive reading.  They're each useful in their own way.  

Intensive reading is basically studying.  You'll read a shorter section, a few pages at most, and look up anything you don't know, to the point that you can completely translate everything on the page.  It's a slow process; it's not unusual to spend an hour translating a newspaper article.  

Extensive reading is more like pleasure reading.  You should understand 98% of the words and have a good grasp of sentence structure.  At that level, you should get the gist of what you're reading and be able to infer some of the new words from context, though you'll probably read at a slower pace than you would in your native language.  Here you don't need to worry about precisely translating everything, just enjoy the process and get as much volume as you can.  
Depende en la facilidad en que puede leer
I write down all the words I don't know, but only look them up if they're starting to crop up again and again. 

The words I write down go into an Excel document which highlights duplicates, thereby ensuring I learn the most common/useful words first.
Whenever I did this I looked up a lot of words in the beginning to make sure I wasn't missing anything, but after a while I became impatient and skipped looking up a lot of the words because I still got the gist of it. 
This happens to me if I never felt engaged by the book to begin with.  If it is a ho hum story and I can put down a book for a few days and I'm not dying to know how it ends then I usually don't return.  The only time I force myself to finish something like that is for book group.

Occasionally I'll read something and set it aside because I feel like I need time to process it.  In that case, when I'm ready to return I can usually get back into it without problem.
Only if I leave the book for too long. I started reading The Name of the Wind this summer, read 200ish pages traveling to Barcelona and back, but uni started again before I finished it, and I had to put it aside. As soon as I had some free time, I tried picking it up again, but I can't get into it :(
I've read House of Leaves twice now, and each time I took about a month break in the middle of reading. Ive never had too much trouble picking up a book from where I left off, but I guess I'm just able to absorb myself into the literature quite easily. Now, picking up an RPG video game after it's sat for a year, that's much more difficult.
If I put a book down for a couple days, when I pick it up I will usually backtrack a few pages (often to the beginning of the current chapter, depending on the format of the book). Helps me reset.
I have to start over.
I know what you mean, but lately I've been careful to give myself at least a little reading time every day so I don't have too long a drought between reading sessions. 

Sometimes I wander from one book to another (usually when something comes in at the library) and do sometimes just have to start over, or at least drop back a good bit to get myself caught up again. 
 It depends on my mood. Sometimes I'll be in a mood to read a thriller, and even though the book was engaging, the next time i read it may not be as interesting since I'm no longer really up for reading something dark and gritty. That's probably why I have several books across different genres that are still unfinished. Its not the story per se but my current reading preferance.
Absolutely. It's what really turned me off of fun-reading in working adulthood until I started reading short-form lit like poetry or short stories.

I don't think I've read through a full novel since high school. There's just no time to get absorbed like that.
For the benefit of the older folks in the thread, he means after putting a book aside for a while.
Yep. I've left Moby Dick, Anna Karenina and The Grapes of Wrath because of this exact reason. Granted, I found all three dull as dishwater (some more so than others) but still, it's been months since I last read another page out of any of them.
With some books its no problem, but something like "War and Peace" with its dozens of characters, I wouldn´t have dared to put that book aside for long, because after 2 weeks I would have forgotten some characters and details of what has happened partially.
Yeah...the last book I paused is now a monitor stand...
yeah, lately I read all four books by Sarah J. Maas Throne of Glass series and now the fifth book came out last month and I have a reaaaally hard time moving on. I've read maybe 100 pages within a month but I read all the previous books within two weeks. It gets on my nerves really, I just want to finish it but I can't get myself together. it seems kind of far stretched to me now. 
Is this just a thread to tell us you read fast?

... Congrats?
[deleted]
Nice brag.
Slow reader here. Sometimes I'd like to be a speed-reader, but I actually don't mind being a slow reader most of the time. If I try to speed-read through a book, I lose half the plot and end up lost, then slowly re-read what I just finished. I guess as long as you get the plot, it's good.
I don't think it matters how fast you read as long as a) you like it and b) you remember it. If you're tearing through so fast that you can't really recall what you read, I'd say it's too fast. But otherwise it shouldn't really matter if it's fast or slow - people set their pace pretty much automatically and that's a-OK.

I personally do read too fast during action scenes, or any time I'm actually physically excited by the book, but I know it's happening and I like it. You just need to stuff that information in your brain as fast as possible sometimes.
I don't really get what this post is about. Too fast for what? To understand what you're reading? To enjoy what you're reading? 

Then in the same breath you say that you can't slow your reading speed down...so what's the point in worrying about it? Reading isn't a contest, it is simply between you and your book. 
I am also an extremely fast reader, with similar reading speeds to OP. I can easily read one or two medium length novels in a day. Kindles FTW! My daughter is exactly the same. We are both ASD, and there may well be a link there (hyperlexia).

If that's how fast you read, that's how fast you read. A lot of people will assume you're only skimming, though. I have tried to work out exactly what it is that allows me to read so fast, and my best guess is that I'm somehow able to "capture" a whole line at one glance and process it extremely quickly. I basically read straight down the middle of the page.
I read quickly as well, and normally I think that's fine. There are some books though that I make a conscious effort to slow down and enjoy, even if that means I take huge breaks between chapters to read other things. (The Cosmicomics falls under this.)
Isn't it important to stop and think about what you've been reading? I can't imagine burning through Swans Way or Melville at 1000wpm and getting the same thing as if you were to stop and think about what you were reading.
I don't think it really matters how fast you read, as long as you're absorbing the information. Last time I read the Harry Potter series it took me two days. It took my sister a few months. We both enjoyed it just the same. It is nice that I was able to move onto another series sooner rather than later, but other than that it hasn't really affected my life much.
If that's what works for you, go for it.  Question though, what constitutes a day?  Reading a 300-page novel in 6-8 hours would be about average, but if you're knocking a book out every night after work, that's something else.  
So long as you understood what you reading, you can go at your own pace.
If I read too fast I always miss stuff. 
I read fast, too.  People have never been anything but mean to me when I talk about it.  Other readers are worse than non-readers, to be honest.  They think you're trying to brag, when you have real questions.

When I want to slow down, I use a bookmark to 'track' one line at a time down the page, or I read aloud, or listen to an audiobook while I read, or use a notebook to write down my thoughts and reactions while I read.  Those strategies work to slow me down and increase my comprehension when that's what I want.

Regarding the social problem, I'm learning that it's wise to obscure exactly how fast I'm reading, so others won't have occasion to notice it.  Kindles are great for that, because no one notices that you're reading a different book than you were reading yesterday.
I read fairly fast.  Used to read a book a day in high school no problem, finished It and The Stand in the same weekend, etc...

I never tried slowing down but I have resisted speeding up.   I am afraid if I were to learn speed reading techniques it would change how I enjoy books and I don't want to do that.  
I can read something easy like a Louis L'Amour novel in 45 mins. I read 1/3 of "the Girl with a Dragoon Tatoo" on a hour flight between Corona, Ca and Oakland, Ca, much to the disgust of the two coworkers I was seated between on the plane. I answered almost all their question with the exception of character first names. I never recollect those for some obscure reason but I am fully aware of the plot line from beginning to end. 

Technical material is completely opposite of course. There I usually read one sentence at a time or maybe just a single paragraph. 

I generally can't stand audio books because I can read them much faster than I can listen to them. 

It all started in 5th grade when I had to stay home with a pink eye infection and the teacher gave me a reading comprehension course to work through while I was at home. I completed it in 3 days and have read phenomenally fast ever since. Teach your kids...
> "Come, sonny boy!"

...I think that's enough internet for today.
A couple weren't too bad but some of em were even so awkward as to be funny.
1 is only an issue if you can't focus on your reading. Also, if you read on an e-ink style reader, there is no internet to go surfing on between paragraphs. And, I don't know why you ignore the fact that a person can set down a paper book and start surfing the web just as easily.

2 any book that is interesting will lead you to do more research, and if the book itself satisfies your questions, then what does it matter if the links and such are there? If you don't need more info, why would you get all distracted and look for more? Again, e-ink readers don't include websurfing.

3 paper books look nice on the shelf, if you have the space, but I read everywhere, not just at home. And I hate reading big hardcover books that are heavy and awkward and too big to carry in my purse. E-books are incredibly convenient.

4 I don't know what you're trying to get at with this one. They both cost about the same if you buy them new. Used paper books are very much cheaper in general. Also, paper books can be lent to friends or given away - something not really possible with digital books, or is a hassle.

I don't see why there has to be arguments about this, paper or e-book doesn't really matter as long as you're reading and enjoying it. I prefer ebooks, but I don't insult paper book readers, or convince them to change. Neither one seems to be replacing the other, they aren't in some kind of war for our dollars for now.

And too many of your arguments seem based on non-fiction type reading, ignoring the fact that huge numbers of people read mostly novels, so all this about staying on topic and links and out-of-date facts doesn't apply. But, some non-fiction does work better in paper - graphs and photos and diagrams and so on are very difficult to read on a lot of ebook screens.

Read whatever you want, in the way you want, in the form that works best for your enjoyment and learning. Makes no difference to me.
I must disagree with you about 3. Portability and Storage. Even if you have the space, books do require some maintenance (reshelving after reading, dusting). And the average Australian or North American family moves every five years.

I also don't agree that people mostly read at home. Many people read on public transport, or during their lunch breaks. E-books have a clear advantage in those situations. Even at home, many prefer the small size and built-in light of a Kindle when reading in bed. 

The only area where I think paper books have an absolute advantage is for larger-format books with pictures or diagrams. In most other cases, it's a matter of personal preference.
[deleted]
I just don't like feeling like I don't own the ebooks and also not being able to flip through the ebook as easily as paperback. I still feel like I'm undecided between the two but ebooks have more pros than cons for me
I like both (and can focus just fine) but I am limiting my physical books more and more to my favourites because space is limited. 
 I love both, but having finally moved into e-books I have to say that they are so much better (for me anyway). I have reading ADD sometimes and  I am often reading multiple books at once. Carrying 5 books around everywhere (bus, coffee shop, etc.) would be a nightmare, and I should know because I tried to do it several times. Being able to read my tablet on my front porch at night without having to tear up a paperback with a book-light is awesome too. And, when my cats roll all over me, I don't have to worry about sticking a bookmark or finger in my spot before I loose it. 

That's not to say paper books don't have their charm however. I inherited my Dad's extensive library, and I have books that are close to 100 years old. There is nothing like picking up a book that my father read 50 years ago and seeing the history of the time period, or the beauty of the vintage illustrations on the covers. For this reason I still buy certain books in paper.

There are pros and cons to both, and I'd hate to see either vanish.
McCarthy with his unending philosophizing and bleak but breathtaking depictions of nature could match Mallick in style if not content. 
McCarthy, Chekhov and Steinbeck captures all those small impressionistic moments in similar fashion as Malick, I'd say.
Any book by Annie Dillard, but especially *Pilgrim at Tinker Creek*.
the confessions of max tivoli by andrew sean greer
There are a lot of Malick-like moments in Virginia Woolf's novels, especially in The Waves.  It's really experimental, but it does a great job of catching his vivid but dreamy style.
William Faulkner's rambling sentences often meander through memories like Malick's camera does.
I'm not the first person to recommend him here (and really didn't think I would be) but *absolutely* **Cormac McCarthy.**

His books are technically way overwritten and seemingly needlessly verbose but if you're a fan of Malick I think you'll see immediately that that's the point of them. They're not so much about relating a series of events as they are about drowning you in atmosphere and placing you in a whole other mind state.

*All the Pretty Horses* might be a good one to start with if you want a similarly romantic feel to a lot of Malick's work, but...

*Blood Meridian* is considered his masterpiece and it's not hard to see why. It might not be his most accessible work and is almost certainly one of the bleakest, most brutal books I've ever read but if you're looking for an artist using their medium to create unbelievable atmosphere and to muse about the shortcomings of human nature you really can't do better.
Nobody reads e-books because they are supposed to be cooler, it's simply a matter of convenience.

The future... merging print with digital by selling books as single sheet scrolls that scroll down as your eyes move using facial recognition software. They will have fancy covers but cost less than print by only needing one actual page inside and can be displayed and look nice in one's home.
What comes next? Hopefully a moment in history in which people stop pushing this meaningless digital vs printed bullcrap, and accept that there is no 'superior' way of reading a book.
It doesn't seem that hard to share digital books.   "Here, read this book on one of my many many kindle devices".  Or "Here, log into my amazon kindle account".  Whatever.
One of these days, maybe, pretty please, the publishers will stop trying to control everything and free up the content so we, as readers, can do with it what we want. Easily quote, annotate, organize, share, and use in our lives -- among others. We already do this with paper books, just not as easily. The act of reading, the ritual of reading needs to evolve with digital books, that's what is next ... before the brain implants. This doesn't mean we lose the tactile love of books we own -- the heft, the spine, the smell of ink on paper, dog-earring your place, underlining passages, writing in margins or simply placing on a shelf to look at and pull down occasionally to "thumb through." The two will coexist -- if the damn publishers wake up.
I have this weird thing where I care about the content of the book far, far more than the experience of reading it. I can carry tens of thousands of books, more than I could ever conceivably read, on my phone, a device I carry everywhere. I might push a button instead of flip a page, but IDGAF because the story is still good. The method of delivery is fucking irrelevant, it's still text and images. 
IMO this article is the worst kind of romantic claptrap. Nothing but nostalgia and rare book snobbery. Who cares if you have a fancy book on Rome. Get over yourself ya damned biblophilliac. (I'm grumpy today).
Paper books? What a chump.

Clay Tablet Masterrace! Support scribes and clay bakers!
The biggest negative against digital books is the snooty book readers and library purists that think libraries should remain book repositories.

What comes next is the snooty people die off and libraries that cater to shareable, lovely and enduring books get shut down because no one uses them because they didn't adapt.
why does there need to be a ~future for books? books are books. digital offer convenient storage and portability. physical ones offer trading advantages and paper feel. period

why is everyone always hung up about evolution of a media vehicule. let them just...be you know? each one can pick what they like and even both and stop looking deeper into "stagnation" or "environments". jeez.
I don't think we should let convenience be the only deciding factor. To the people here to claim to move around a lot and cannot spend that much money on transporting books, it makes sense for you guys to use a Kindle or some such device. 

But that doesn't change the fact that print books are, to me, much more personal and superior. I've tried reading e-books, but it simply didn't work out. I missed the action of actually turning the page, taking a look at the cover, putting in my favourite bookmark,  and closing it, to be read later. I love sitting on my bed, cross-legged, digging in to the latest book by a great author. 

With e-books, this experience is decidedly different. I'm a very objective person when it comes down to it, and e-books are genuinely more distant and cold. 
Pro e books:  can read on phone; can carry around millions of them w no weight.
Con: love pages; can't mark up; hard to read one handed.
> Digital books stagnate in closed, dull systems

Everything is going as per publishers plans then ...
No, *DRM-ed* ebooks stagnate in closed, dull systems. Digital media as it rightfully should can be shareable, lovely, and enduring, too.
If only there was a way to share those e-books...
I read it.  The overall story didn't stick with me too well, but some of the themes really did and I started seeing them elsewhere
It's one of the most hilarious books I've ever read. Either you just enjoy it for the pleasure of it or you dont. If you go searching for themes I feel like you ruin the simple pleasure of it. He's all about absurd little details that make up a larger picture, and how that picture is insane and nonsensical.
In highschool I read a grocery bag worth of Vonnegut books, including this one. I remember liking it at the time.
It was a poor representation of his work overall but like most things, people read into it what they wanted to at the time and it became a thing. The art was underwhelming. I was disappointed.
Is it your first Vonnegut read? You shouldn't read it til you read his other stuff. Breakfast Of Champions was a self indulgent novel that kind of celebrates his entire literary career, with a lot of meta references. If it's the first thing of his you read, it will be all out of context.
Thanks everybody. I think the general consensus is stick with it, so I shall.
I loved it and the bruce willis movie is pretty hilarious too.
If you don't like the first five chapters, you probably won't like the rest either. Personally, i find it a bit too bleak and not quite funny enough.
Kurt Vonnegut is my favorite. He's like that crazy, reclusive uncle that shows up unannounced at a family gathering, telling stories that you can't tell if they're truth or fiction but you don't care cuz he's so damn entertaining. And he's a clever one, so there's always good observations on life/the human condition. 
It's one of my favorite books. There's a lot of food for thought even during the parts that may seem silly or stupid to you now .
I'd say stick with it. It's a fast read anyway and the themes in the book are really strong. None of the stuff there is by accident, it's all a vehicle for Vonnegut's thoughts 
I think it's easily his worst book. Never understood why so many people love it  
It's not a good place to start with Vonnegut. Personally I loved it (and even the crappy movie adaptation had a weird charm), but if you want to read Vonnegut, the best starting point is probably either Sirens of Titan (especially if you like sci-fi, since this is the closest he gets to straightforward sci-fi) or Slaughterhouse 5. You may not get the writing style in a lot of his books if you're not used to it.
One of my favorite K.V. books, Have you seen the movie? I laughed pretty good. 
The first Vonnegut novel I ever read was God Bless you Mr. Rosewater, and I've basically been a huge fan of his work ever since. I'd probably say a good place to start with Vonnegut would be, in no particular order,

•Cat's Cradle
•Sirens of Titan
•God Bless you Mr. Rosewater
•Welcome to the Monkey House

Those are all great. Then you can branch off to Galapagos, Bluebeard, Breakfast of Champions ect.
Catch 22, I read it when I was younger. But now that I'm in the Army it is so much more funny and relatable.
I first read Lord of the Rings when I was about 12, and didn't really like the books. Loved the movies, but was only meh on the books. Ten years later (this past month) I listened to the unabridged audiobooks and LOVED them. I think it was mostly that I was listening while I worked, so the length was a plus, and the pace didn't feel so slow.
I have a feeling 
A Tale of Two Cities by Charles Dickens. I read it when I was 16 and I was like, *Ohmygoddddd, I don't understand this, this is so boring, kill me.* But for some reason, Sydney Carton's story stuck with me so I reread it when I was older and I enjoyed it so much more. Same goes for The Brothers Karamazov, so I think it's mostly time and perspective which changes my opinion on once-hated books.

The Great Gatsby still annoys the bejeezus out of me though. So there's that. 
Hamlet. Read it as a freshman in high school and again senior year, but by then it became one of my favorite plays. Read it with Rosencrantz & Guildenstern Are Dead, which made it more enjoyable too, I think. 
The Blackhole, also a disney movie, I slowly read it throughout the fifth grade.  
You people don;t even know how many times I had to stop and restart months later before I finished Gravity's Rainbow finally. 
Had this problem with the *Journey to the end of the night* and the *Satanic verses*. Being young and struggling to understand were some of the reasons I initially recoiled. There was also the issue of writing style. It sort of offended me. But I had confused ideas about what has its place in a book back then. 

Mainly, I find that appreciating a book depends on timing. Those two books found me in a good place the second time around and the experience was great. 
This might not be a good example, but I went to one of my first book fairs in like, 1st grade, bought The Princess Academy, and then hated reading the first chapter. Little melodramatic me was crying from boredom and tossed the book across the room.

But then I read it years later and absolutely loved it, and then re-read it from start to finish again (not to mention all of the times I've gone back to read certain parts)
The Great Gatsby. I hated it the first time through, but when I read it a few years later I really enjoyed it. 
I really didn't like The Name of the Rose by Umberto Eco when I read it about 15 years ago.  I reread it last year and loved it.

I hadn't reread any Shakespeare since high school.  I just associated them with stuff I was force fed when I probably wasn't ready.  I've been going back and rereading  those and they're delightful.

Speaking of stuff I was force fed, a couple of times I have tried to reread Great Expectations.  I make it about 20 pages and remember just how annoying that darn Pip is as a protagonist.  That one is never going to get redemption in my eyes.
That was really good. It's also a very short read so I suggest you guys take the time to check it out. The page is SFW despite being Playboy, you won;t need to hide pornographic ads from your family while reading it.

Let's discuss the story. Did you guys like it as much as I did? It was twisted as hell, but also kind of cute. Stephen King is a master of writing villains and here, he gives you a perfect snapshot of the lifestyle of some real freaks. I would read a full length novel about these two and their antics, it would be like Natural Born Killers meets the Great Depression.
This is interesting! I had no idea Playboy published short stories, much less stories by well-known authors like Stephen King. I was under the impression Playboy was just soft-core pornographic photography
Douglas Adams
I've just recently picked up the complete works of F. Scott Fitzgerald.  Most of the books that I've read were individual books, but this most recent collection I bought was the collection of the most famous. All of this to say that I loved the Great Gatsby in high school, and his short stories are amazing, and I wanted more to read.  I find that I'm more likely to complete an author's complete works if I start with a book series.
L. Ron Hubbard.

Just kidding.
Hemingway, at first from curiosity, but later more obsessively as I needed to find out if his inscrutability was greatness, or gimmick. 

Flannery O'Connor because she despised her own characters and I had to find out why.
I'm working through the complete works of Lovecraft. 
Vonnegut
James Herriot 
Chuck Palahniuk, HP Lovecraft, Stephen King, Clive Barker
Kafka and Jane Austen. They didn't write all that much, which helps.
I read every book by Camus in high school. I've read nearly every book by Dostoevsky, have 2 or 3 left. I read books by other authors in between though so Dostoevsky has been taking me a while.
I've more or less started reading through James, Woolf, Joyce, Thoreau, Munro, Tim O'Brien, DFW, and some others -- however I'm not in any rush. I'll read a book by each one of them once in a while, and remind myself of why I loved that author. Hopefully I have a long enough timeframe that I don't really worry about rushing through any one in particular.  
Liane Moriarty is one author whose entire body of work I devoured. It's hard to read just *one* book of hers; she nails human emotion so well. 
I tend to do this a lot, especially if the author is dead. I've read all of H.P. Lovecraft, Douglas Adams, and a ton more. I'm currently working through Kim Stanley Robinson's books.

In a few cases, I deliberately don't read them all. I'm going through Iain M Banks very slowly, because I'll be sad when I finish them. I can't read the last few Discworld books at all, because then they'll be over forever!
Heck I'm proud of the fact that I've read about half of Elmore Leonard's books, because damn that man wrote a lot of books. I actually started pacing myself a few years back because I suddenly realized that he wouldn't be around a whole lot longer and I didn't want to run out. Although his books are fun to re-read. 

I've read pretty much everything by Flannery O'Connor, including "The Habit of Being" (which I absolutely loved). Although her output wasn't exactly prodigious. 

I've read all of Shirley Jackson's novels and a fairly large percentage of her short stories. 

I've read all of Raymond Chandler's novels, not only a few of his short stories.


Now, if anyone can say that they've read everything by Joyce Carol Oates, I'll be really impressed.
Trying to read the complete works of Shakespeare, Tolstoy, Dostoyevsky and Joyce.

It's a bit of a hassle to get all the novels, but i'll definitely say it's worth it.
Hemingway and Garcia Marquez--they got me hooked on literary fiction when I was in highschool and I kept reading their books until there were no more left.

Nabokov--Lolita was one of the first books I bought when I moved to the US. I was curious why it was so controversial. I liked it, then i read Ada and liked it even more, so I read the rest of Nabokov's books.

Jeanette Winterson and Michel Houellebecq--very different styles, but I liked how each of them broke the contemporary fiction mould. 

I'm currently making my way through Isabel Allende's and Mario Vargas Llosa's works in Spanish. They are both great storytellers. Allende is more consistent (not meaning predictable) in thematic choices and quality. Vargas Llosa's books are so different from each other that without the name on the cover I'd have a hard time believing they were written by the same person. I'm just curious about each one. 
Sergei Dovlatov, Milan Kundera, Maxim Gorky and I'm currently trying to read all of Remarque's complete works.
There was a phase in middle/high school where I just went on a tear through Stephen King books. I read virtually the entire line of mid-90s paperback editions (even the short stories and "Dance Macabre"), and I recently got back into King after I found the Green Mile paperback boxset a few months back. Been buying hardcover versions just to say I have a collection, but I still love his work.
If I like an author I will read all their books. 

Stephen King is mostly done

Iain (M) Banks - though I've missed a few of his non-sci-fi 

Dan Simmons - missing his hardboiled crime series

Agatha Christie - I have no idea where I'm at but I've read a LOT of her novels (they're so short)

Ngaio Marsh - working my way through these - about 40-50%?

Connie Willis - only a couple to go I think

Margaret Atwood - lots more to read of hers

Tad Williams - complete - can't wait for his new releases


There's probably more, I'm a pretty voracious reader (understatement) :-)

I made a point of buying and reading the more obscure novels written by Charlotte Bronte and Anne Bronte, so that I would know the entire set of novels written by the three Bronte sisters. I also have a book of their juvenalia, which they wrote in company with their ill-fated brother, Branwell, when they were children, but I haven't yet run across a copy of Emily Bronte's complete poetry, so I can't quite say I've "read the Brontes."
Robert Frost. I've been working slowly through e.e. cummings as well.

I own a comprehensive Shakespeare volume but it's so beautiful I have trouble cracking it to read.
I imagine Catcher in the Rye will get a lot of mentions
Mein Kampf.
Ignatius in A Confederacy Of Dunces by John Kennedy Toole. I still thought it was hilarious. You're kind of supposed to hate him, but also connect with him as well. Like Larry David. 
[deleted]
The main character from The Kite Runner. It was a great read, but fuck that guy.
Probably cheating but, Lolita. Humbert is diddling a kid. Hard to really view him in a favorable light when his every action is an attempt to manipulate and sexually/emotionally abuse a minor.

Also, he's called Humbert Humbert.
Harry Potter in the Order of the Phoenix. He is just SO angsty, it bothers me so much.
Rereading the Inheritance Cycle it struck me just how much Eragon *whines* in Eldest. I always used to prefer his sections, but I later realised that Roran was so much more interesting in that book. 
I hated everyone in The Metamorphosis. The main guy was a complete pushover who everyone stepped over (Hey! I just got that). The family were horrible people too. 
Scarlett O'Hara! What a manipulative, conniving, spoiled, brat. Then the war happens a you think she has redeemed herself a little, still a bitch though and that at least the book will have a happy ending but NO! It finishes with "I don't give a damn" and I literally threw that book against the wall I was so mad
Yes but that's actually kind of my thing. I think it is amazing when a book puts you in the head of a terrible person and asks you to navigate the world with them. If I wanted to read a book where the MC was designed to be likable or at least sympathetic, I could read, well, just about anything in the world. Making a sympathetic character simply requires imagining a person with few or permissible flaws, and I find it dishonest a lot of the time. (A story about a good person in an impossibly cruel world feels like how we all want to view our own lives, rather than how they actually are.)

The shitty main character is the writer's exploration of all our of our collective shittyness, and it's part of the closest you ever get to looking at other people's horrible misdeeds and flaws without the social obligation to condemn them. 

Extra double bonus points if the MC gets worse and worse as the thing goes on. For a pop culture example, Walter White got shittier as the story went on, but the story itself got better and better.
*Great Expectations*

Pip was kind of a douche for a long time in the book. 
I'm probably in the minority here but, The Great Gatsby. I couldn't get over the fact that the entire book was the story of a grown man who couldn't get over his teenage love.
This is why I couldn't finish Gone Girl. Both of the main characters where terrible people. 
I am the type of person who likes to figure things out for myself. If someone tells me something tastes bad, I'll taste it too. I am not the bandwagon type to take everyone's word for it.

That said. Bella Swan... I read all the books and watched the movies. She is a two dimensional passenger in her own story. I enjoy active protagonists, and Bella is purely reactionary. Not one of her problems are ever resolved by anything she does. She is forever rescued by other people, even when she became a Vampire herself. Edward saved her from everything and the only book where he fucks off she basically tried to kill herself and only Alice coming for her resolved the story. Edward basically keeps her as a pet human till he knocks her up in the last book. Edward is also an idiot but he isn't the protagonist in the main books so that is a rant for another day.
Uglies
Thomas Covenant.

I can't stand that leprotic rapist.
Emma by Jane Austen
But I feel like you're not suppose to like Emma ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
The Girl on the Train. All of the main characters are horrible people. I needed about a week to recover. 
Atonement. Oh my God, Atonement.

I read the book when I was around 13 I think, and I hated the main character **so much** that I remember the early parts of the book vividly to this day. This is coming from someone who somehow manages to forget details (and often entire plot lines) of pretty much every book she ever reads. 

I don't think I have ever, in my entire life, come across a character in any medium as absolutely unbearable as Briony. Back then I told myself that maybe I was too young to really "get" the very grown up themes and that I might come to empathize with her more as an adult but....nope. I actually hate her even more now that I'm an adult and properly understand the implications of what she did. 
I hated Romeo, he knew Juliet for a day and was already rolling around on the floor whining about how he was going to die if he didn't see her again. He's just an idiot who probably would have fell in love with the next pretty girl he saw.
Quentin from The Magicians. 
Diary of a wimpy kid, The kid was just a pain in the ass!
Kvothe from The Kingkiller Chronicle. Dude is the WORST. Yet I'm still powering through book two as we speak (as I type?)
Basically every character in Wuthering Heights. I finished it only because I expected it to get better at some point. I kept waiting for the big twist. There was no twist: just lots of bitter, screwed-over people with terrible lives/afterlives.  

I don't get the appeal of that book *at all.* I mean, we live in a world with *so many better books!!!*
"Crime and punishment" is kind of like that.

It helped to have side characters you do like.
American Psycho. But I think that was the point. 
It's not hate, but I really disliked  Amir in Kite Runner when he was young. Just stood by and let his best friend get [raped. Then framed the guy of theft.](/s "spoiler text inside quotes")
I hated pretty much everyone in The Great Gatsby. Nick is a cold fish, Daisy is frustratingly dumb, Tom is a tool, and Gatsby himself is a huge douche. 
Gone With The Wind's main character is possibly the biggest bitch of all time, and that's how the author wanted it.
Frannie Goldsmith in The Stand. But I believe in some parts she was supposed to be whiny because she was a teenager and pregnant so it is understandable but jeez if I didn't get sick of it.
Sookie Stackhouse
The Shipping News by E Annie Proulx.

The main character is Quoyle and when you meet him he is being completely and utterly cuckolded by his wife. She's trying to drive him to divorce her, and she's doing it by blatantly bringing men home to her bed and forcing him to the couch to sleep, where he can hear them having sex. He has been so beaten down by this process that he has virtually no personality left, and he's absolutely repugnant in his weakness. He just sits there and takes it, because he honestly feels like he deserves it.

If you can get past the first couple of chapters, the rest of the story is his reclamation, but those first chapters really are a struggle to get through.


Maze Runner. Silly, I know, but I couldn't stand him.
Frankenstein, I don't know that I really HATED Victor, but all his wallowing got really annoying.
Hamlet - I've mellowed out a lot on him now but good lord what a whiny bitch he is.
Why hasn't A Clockwork Orange been mentioned? The main character basically just rapes people and commits very questionable crimes...
I loved the book *Ender's Game*.  I loved the concept.  I loved imagining myself at Battle School.  But I did not like Ender.
Frodo Baggins, pretty much.  Dear god, I know he's getting manipulated by the ring and all that, but Frodo is often insufferable and if it weren't for Samwise Gamgee, Merry Brandybuck, and Peregrin Took, I would've put the books down.  In that same vein, Aragorn is a Jesus allegory and Arwen is beyond insufferable, and their romance is a house of cards.

I have similar feelings about Luthien and Beren in the Silmarillion.  Yes, I get it, self-insert romance blahblahblah, but Luthien is one of the worst Sues I've ever seen, regardless of if she was a strong female character for the time.
I hated Kvoth in Name of the Wind but i still love the series. I also hated Jack Kerouac in On the Road but, I still loved the book. (Will never reread the Original Scroll version, for the love of indentations!)
Nick Carraway. Didn't everyone hate him? Maybe I need to reread it.
Twilight!
I want to say Wuthering Heights. I hated Heathcliff and Catherine so much. Even going in knowing that we aren't meant to like them, I really struggled to get through that book. I've never understood the human compulsion to make their own lives miserable. 
Girl on the Train. I could not stand the main character and therefore hated the book. I cannot for the life of me under why this book was so popular? Did anyone else hate it or am I the only one?? 
Harry Potter got on my nerves in Order of the Phoenix. 
Just about 90% of the things from Japan. 
Definitely Okonkwo in Things Fall Apart
Love in the Time of Cholera. Florentino Ariza is an awful person. Fermina Daza broke up with him, so he spent his life stalking her, then blindsided her with his proclamation of love immediately after her beloved husband's funeral. He lied about how he saved himself for her, and harassed her until she eventually gave in. His abuse of power in having a sexual relationship with the 14 year old girl entrusted to his care, which led to her failing at school and committing suicide, is absolutely repugnant. I was angry that Florentino and Fermina ended up together, because she deserved better. 
Maybe not a book.. but Scott pilgrim... In fact I hate them all. Scott and Ramona are the worst people. All their pain is their own faults. 
Rand from Wheel Of Time. Started as a typical "down on the farm" type of character and morphed into a dark whiny a-hole that I just could not stand. Same goes for Perrin from that series too. All that but I loved the universe enough to get past it easily. 
I had that problem with Patricia Cornwell's books. I really disliked Kay Scarpetta. She alternated between knowing everything to making incredibly stupid decisions for the sake of plot convenience. Her genius niece was even worse. I only read a couple of them before dropping that series for good.
There's inevitably a point in every Stephen King book where someone says something SO FUNNY that everyone ends up laughing uncontrollably, with tears streaming down their cheeks. It is at this point that I think to myself, "fuck all of these people and fuck Stephen King".
Catcher in the Rye and that jackass from the wimpy kid books. Catcher is slightly more complicated for me because I hated Holden so much, yet I understood how he felt, I've felt strangely familiar myself so I kind of knew what he was going through.
Everybody in Dracula. I finished the book -- I felt obliged to because of its classic status -- but there was not a bright character to be found.
Mcmurphy in "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest." I just found him to have no real endearing qualities, it made it hard to enjoy the book at all (try as I might).
Bran in A Song of Ice and Fire. I can't stand him in any capacity. He just sits there being served hand and foot whilst complaining that he can't lord over everyone. He is the most unappreciative person I have ever read. He is also a complete idiot with no respect for others. Poor Hodor.
That series by Brent Weeks-- the Night Angel trilogy. I somehow enjoyed it intensely while still hating the main character.
Gotta give another to Thomas Covenant. His whole purpose is to be a vile unlikable asshole. Love the series with all my heart.
Victor Frankenstein. 
Rise and Fall of the Third Reich 
Holden so much.
Jorg from Mark Lawrence's Prince of Thorns. Hated him, but couldn't wait to see what he was going to do next. 
Thomas Covenant. Dude is a whiny bitch
Jonathan Franzen has an incredible gift—if you can call it that—for creating utterly contemptible main characters. Purity was awful in that regard. Not evil, or villainous, or misanthropic. Just lousy people. Freedom also suffered from horribly depressing losers at the center of the story. 

I always read his books but I always finish them feeling like I wasted my time. I'd like to think I've learned my lesson, but I probably will keep reading whatever he puts out.
Holden caufield....i read it in highschool. ..couldn't relate in the slightest. ..what a dick. ..
Twilight, yes because of vampires and werewolves
FREAKING BELLA IN TWILIGHT
Thomas Covenant.  Read 'em all.  I forced myself to finish.
Holden from Catcher in the Rye. Absolutely hated his attitude and outlook. It's not even a good story. I get the importance of the book when it came out, but I couldn't take it seriously because of Holden's pretentious personality. 
I've forgotten the title, but it was about this smug little "artiste" reliving the trauma of finding her mother's murdered body by making deliberately shocking posed photos/art. 

The "real killer" comes after her, and after a long game of cat and mouse, he sadly fails to kill her and is himself killed.  

I *really* disliked her.
The Awakening by Kate Chopin. Edna. The only reason to read that book, other than to enjoy the terrible symbolism, is to debate whether Edna is annoying because of societal limitations or because she's just a self centered twit. Either way, you're glad when she kills herself.
Thomas Covenant, of The Chronicles Of Thomas Covenant. 
Sammie in The Third Kingdom by Terry Goodkind. Never had I wanted to reach into a book and tear the limbs of a character. Coincidentally the whole book was a huge let down compared to the rest of the Sword of Truth novels.
Blood Meridian? Obviously.
Reckoners, I hate David. he is too perfect, heck even his faults end up being advantages. And to top it off, he is the only character in the saga that figures things up and resolves every problem. 

I liked everything in the book except him.
Plenty

The Corrections by Franzen is the one off the top of my head. 
Gone With the Wind. Scarlet was a whiny bitch. 
The Magicians. I absolutely hated the main character with a burning passion. It felt like he never grew up, emotionally. 
Scarlett Epstein Hates It Here. When I first read the synopsis and realized it dealt with a shy fangirl who began writing fanfiction about her fellow students and hijinks ensued, I was really excited. I'm in many fandoms, I love fanfiction (when it's good), and the premise seemed fun. Unfortunately...the main character came off less sassy and more just plain snotty—and super elitist and Not Like The Other Girls. I hate those type of girls. Like, she looked down on her mom for dating men and watching rom-coms. Her attitude was just...really obnoxious and I couldn't finish the book.
Quentin in The Magician. I hate how throughout the ENTIRE novel, he never one becomes even the slightest bit likable.  
Things Fall Apart, and the only reason I finished the book is because I had to for school

Okonkwo you fucking piece of shit
Frodo Baggins.
Jane Eyre in the book of the same name by Charlotte Brontë. 
The twilight books. I wanted Bella dead. 
Tandy on Last Man on Earth is a total fucktard
Kingkiller chronicles.
I had this with girl on a train. I didnt like any of the characters apart from her friend who put up with all her shit. Couldnt put it down though, need to know what happened in the end
Never really liked Harry Potter, but liked all of the other characters in the deserved way.
H.G Wells, The Invisible Man. The main character's decisions kill me inside.

The guy from Things Fall Apart was such a bastard I could barely get through the book. It's been years since I read it now so I don't remember how much sympathy you're meant to have for the guy, but damn. I certainly didn't pity him, just everyone who had to deal with what an awful human being he was.
Most books by Martin Amis are entirely composed of hateable characters. Not sure i liked any of the characters in Success, Money or Dead Babies!
Humbert Humbert - Lolita
The main character of just about every teenage dystopia from the Hunger Games to Divergent and everything in between. Every single one of them is a blank 'everyman/woman' character that the author intends to use as a vehicle for teenagers to more easily identify with the weak, obnoxious, and angsty motivations and actions of the main character. A dystopia isn't supposed to revolve around you! That's the point! And yet we have Katniss and Triss running around in all their self-insert glory to attract a number of attractive, powerful men who act much more mature for their age than they should. 

But the award for worst has to go to Thomas from the Maze Runner. Lazy, entitled, self-important, superior, reckless. He is a Mary Sue with a deus ex machina magical power that enables him to overcome any obstacle that under normal circumstances would have led their little group to be flattened by the various dystopian problems they encounter. The popularity of teenage dystopias has, unfortunately, completely watered down the entire dystopia genre so that when you say 'dystopia', people will leap up and talk about how they were able to identify with Katniss' boy troubles rather than the crushing sense of alienation and eventual failure that you see in the real dystopias. 
Alastair Reynolds books contain not one lead character I like or connect with. They all seem petty, bad tempered, hoity, grumpy, anti social twats. Which is a shame because some of the big ideas in his stories are thought provoking and exciting. Pity the characters are such dicks.
Anna freaking Karenina and bloody Levin. I thought that the book was a wonderful soap opera until both of them went batshit crazy with their pseudo philosophies. (Especially levin). The moment he prayed for god I just wanted to really slam the book. It was so abrupt that I felt that there were gaps in the character development process. 
Came in. Found three references to the rapist, Thomas Covenant.

We are not a large group, but we are proud. We hate with the passion of ten Holden Haters.
Kellhus in R. Scott Bakker's Prince of Nothing. But then, he's not supposed to be likeable...
How has nobody said Kerouac?! Sal paradise and dean moriarty are just the worst kind of self absorbed, listless vagabonds. I kept thinking their "quest" for self knowledge and experience would eventually lead them to realize their own pettiness. But it just never comes. That book left me feeling sad.  And maybe that was the point but geeeez, what a bunch of tools 
Kingkiller Chronicle by Patrick Rothfuss. Read 2 books, still hate the main character. Sure, i still cheer for him when there's shit going down, but always remember that i hate him shortly after. Arrogant, annoying, cliche. 

Those books are poorly written overall though, so that may have something to do with it.

Atlas Shrugged

Harry Potter full-stop. Granted, he was worse in Order of the Phoenix, but he was never great. He always gets in fights, often with his friends, when he could just not. He jumps to conclusions and if it weren't for a fortunate friend-group he would have turned out even worse. Yes he's a teenage orphan with troubles, but he doesn't grow emotionally and creates more problems for himself.

In The Chamber of Secrets he panics at the station 'if I don't fly there I'll never ever go back to Hogwarts ever', he's generally rude and confrontational at Privet Drive, and when Dumbledore obviously knows something is up and everyone else already knows, he hides it from him. Malfoy get's mouthy so obviously Malfoy is the cause, as any 12-year old has the power to do all of that.

He falls out with Ron in The Goblet of Fire because he couldn't be bothered to try and explain or make up with him, even after he'd spoken to Sirius in the fireplace, the perfect opportunity! He lays into Rita Skeeter, which is exactly what he shouldn't have done. In the lake he thinks that if he doesn't save everyone they'll be allowed to die, but Dumbledore rewards him for 'moral fibre'.

Order of the Phoenix he shouts at Uxbridge until she punishes him, and then pushes everyone away, gets in a fight during quidditch so he's banned from it, and doesn't listen to anyone's advice about the visions, then runs into an obvious trap and we know who pays for that. When he gets occlumency lessons he finds out why Snape rightly hates his father, but doesn't care that his father was a huge bully, and still hates Snape.

Half-Blood Prince he's determined Malfoy is to blame with no evidence, and just happens to be right.

Each book is a list of times he started fights and pushed people away, as well as being too thick to know when to keep his mouth shut or have a tiny bit of patience so he doesn't make stupid decisions. And whenever anything went wrong he ran crying to Dumbledore to make everything better.

And then Dumbledore's all 'He's a lovely lad, everyone loves him, what a wonderful, intelligent boy.'
And don't get me started on Snape.

Tl;Dr - J.K. Rowling has no character development skills.
I read a lot of epic fantasies where the stories span a dozen very large books. The tendency in a lot of them is to switch between characters. When they do that I tend to like 1 or 2, not care about a few, then hate 1. I tend to speed read past the ones I don't like, going as far as reading 1/10 words so I just understand the gist of what happened, but don't have to suffer as much and can get back to the cool characters.
Yes and in those books, I don't feel bad a single bit about not finishing the book. Now, some authors can make me love that I hate the character, but that's different from your situation. Mine is usually more of a "this character is extremely annoying". If I find myself hating the main character enough that I'm actively trying to find things to do other than read, then I'll stop that book 
Jezal dan Luthatr
Girl on the train. Could not even remotely begin to like the protagonist. 
Moby Dick.

Ishmael ruins the first half of that book. He never shuts up. He rarely says anything of worth. If not for Tashtego I would have been actively rooting for the whale.
If you count Daenerys as a main character 
Catcher in the Rye
Almost cheating because of Simonini in The Prague Cemetary, "a man whom (Umberto) Eco claims he has tried to make into the most cynical and disagreeable character in all the history of literature".
*[Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Prague_Cemetery)*
The first book that comes to mind for me is Best Served Cold, by Joe Abercrombie. The main character is a manipulative, incestual, power hungry sociopath. Every one else has wonderfully fleshed out personalities and I truly enjoyed reading them. 
I disliked Rupert Avery in rise of a merchant Prince by Raymond e feist. He was a cheating scumbag
Kaladin is a whiny, fucking bitch who never grows up. He compromises his problems and never grows through them.

If he died, that series would get 300% better.
Oscar Britton from Control Point. 

Decent premise, modern Army versus magic. But most of the characters, the main one especially, continuously make bad decisions for illogical justifications and the plot just kindof rolls around it. 

Couldn't finish the book. 
Haven't u heard of lazy town?
I know he had a mental disability, but I really disliked Christopher at the end of The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Nighttime. Something about the way the author displayed his autism made me dislike his demeanor, and I've helped autistic kids study for school.
Papillon, while things were shite for him, by the end of the book, I just could not say I liked him, and as an autobiography I can only assume a neutral point of view would be worse. Still was really interesting and worth reading.

Also The Pillars of the Earth, I really enjoyed the book, William was pure evil. And although nowhere near as bad, I did not particularly like Jack either. The other main characters were cool though.
Black water.
Never have I hated a character should much.
Harry fucking Potter
Pendergast. That dude sucks.
The Cat Who Walks Through Walls. 

I hate every single person in that book, but especially the main characters. 
Pip has a similar effect on me as Holden, but ultimately has a greater developmental payoff by the end. I relate to neither of them but empathize with them due to their pitiable emotional and moral weaknesses. Rostov similarly gets under my skin more so than either of them for his pride, disregard for others, and harsh treatment of Sonya whom I love to death. Plus any religious fanatic or suck up like Miss Clack immediately gets a tad of prejudice in my mind. But in response to your question, its inconsequential if I relate to or like the protagonist regarding my enjoyment; plus I finish everything I read. For instance, I just finished Fight Club and truly hate the narrator. But I was engrossed and couldn't put it down from start to finish. Although its shorter and easier to read than most of my preferences, that has only happened with one other book in recent memory.
I didn't hate the character per se, but I never finished American Psycho because Patrick Bateman's internal monologue is so dry. I understand completely why it was written in such a highly materialistic and emotionless style, but I just couldn't read it. Too boring.
Gosh, all my fav characters getting the hate...
I really disliked Llewelyn Moss in McCarthy's No Country for Old Men.  He was just an asshole most of the time and too dumb to realize he was going to die and get everyone around him killed.  He came across as much more likable in the movie thanks to Josh Brolin.  In fact most of MCarthy's protagonists have their moments, sometimes large portions of the book when they are pretty despicable.  Probably why they are great books.

The other character i hated was the protagonist, Juan Pablo Castel, in El Tunél by Ernesto Sabato.  He is super jealous, delusional and prone to fits of violent rage.  Its a great book, but i have never hated the main character like i did in this book.
In the asoiaf books I hate brienne of tarth.
I love cersi and I could handle joffery but I hate that bitch.
The main character from play it as it lays. Being immersed in her passivity and self-destructive tendencies made me feel like I was drowning. I've never been as frustrated by, or despised a character as much as her. I just wanted to shake her and make her feel, or do , something.
I've hated a few protagonists even while loving the books they appear in. 

Amy in Gone Girl. 

Charlotte Swenson in Look at Me by Jennifer Egan. She's a vacuous fading model in NY with questionable morals. I think it's a testament to Egan's writing that at the end of the novel you almost sympathize with Charlotte.
Hated the main charachter(s) in Lord of the Flies! Same with 1984.
I fucking hate Harry Potter. His friends bail him out or he fumbles into a solution. He should have died at the end.
The title character in the short story "Gimple the Fool" that we read in English 101.
Edith Wharton's "Custom of the Country"
Pretty much hated all the major characters in American Pastoral by Philip Roth. But then maybe that was exactly the point...
La tregua by Mario Benedetti
Grotesque by Natsuo Kirino.

*me reading the beginning* "Narrator, you're a sad person. Poor Narrator. Hope things get better."

*me towards the middle* "Narrator...that's not nice. Quit it."

*further along* "Narrator; wtf. Get your shit together."

*towards end* "Narrator, I reeeally don't like you."

*end* "......fuck you, Narrator."
A Clockwork Orange
The woman from Rebecca.  

It's like, "Bitch, you call these problems? Your husband is emotionally distant and the Maid doesn't like you? Fuck. You."
Not just the main character, but all of the characters, in Jaws. I didn't hate the book mind you, the shark bits were well done. The characters were just too illogical.
I really did not like Ove in A Man Called Ove.... I understand that he's not supposed to be likable, but I found nothing about him endearing and couldn't even enjoy disliking him.
Varsity Blues.  What a whiner.  Always felt like the coach had the right idea and got a bad wrap.
Amir from Kite Runner


Luckiest Girl Alive had a bitchy main character but it was a good read.  The Love Affairs by Nathaniel P had a main character that was a narcissistic asshole and I hated that book. 

I think it depends on the plot and if their characteristics help or hinder the story. 
Every single main character by Max Frisch, an author I can't stand but was required reading in school.
The main girl in Article 5. She just seemed like such a needy bitch through the whole book, I can't even remember her name now. Read the book only because I had to for school.
Rabbit Angstrom
Marcus Yallow in Little Brother. I couldn't get past the idea that he felt he knew more then the government, so he could do anything he wanted.
Esther Greenwood.

She's young, educated, in the greatest city in the world, going to fancy luncheons... You'd think the world was her oyster. But she just complains all the time about everything.

I couldn't even finish the book.

Maybe I entirely missed the point. After all, it was a while back that I started the book. Maybe I should give it a second chance.

But the first time 'round, she just pissed me off immensely.
Mae Holland from "The Circle". Geez, what an annoying person. 
I read a book when in was in high school that was set in the future. 
The main character was a beautiful young woman who got in some type of accident and was given the option to be transferred into some kind of android body because hers was basically mangled. 
The whole book was about how she wasn't as beautiful anymore and how people now looked down on her because the android body thing was controversial.

I usually try to finish every book I start. But that was a tough one. 
Nihal from *Cronache del Mondo Emerso* (I've read it in French, but that's the original title so). Last (of her race), overpowered, angsty blue-haired whiny Mary-Sue. Couldn't even finish the book.

Well, the story *is* pretty basic. I never really understood why it was so popular with (French, at least) teenagers.
Any chance the book you're reading is Something Borrowed? 
Literally every single female character John varley writes. That man is incapable of creating a female character that is believable or likeable, but he sure as hell doesn't allow that to stop him. 
I  might be alone, given its popularity with those who've read it but I couldn't stand any of the Incandenza in infinite, other then poor Mario. Doesn't help much that I couldn't connect with many of the characters who got a narrative in that
Norwegian Wood.

 The main character seems to have a magnetic personality but we're never demonstrated that in any way. All the other characters feed him so many things that most would keep secret for no apparent reason.
Bonfire of the Vanities. Hated every character in that book.
@ shinji ikari
I loathe the main character in A Little Life. I hate him with a passion.
Madame Bovary...
Holden Caulfield. I remember writing a paper about how much of an ass he was in the book for an English class.
Gone with the Wind. Scarlet O´Hara what a spoiled bratty bitch. Can't stand her!
I hated literally EVERYONE in *Wuthering Heights* Miserable people who make no effort to control their lives.
Thomas covenant.

Whinging little rapist. The final trump of fantasy fiction. Fuck that guy
Main character in Henning Mankell's "The Chinese man' was Birgitta Roslyn, a woman who was going through a mid-life crisis. Even though I enjoyed the book a lot, she was downright insufferable, I had to fight the urge to stop reading that book, since I knew Mankell's work is most often worth it (not always, mind you)
Everyone from Wuthering Heights. Seriously, no one in that book is likable. 
Madame Bovary
Homer Wells from *The Cider House Rules*. 
I read 'Shalimar The Clown'.

The main characters were interesting and captivating but - good lord - Rushdie had to make all the main characters the best at everything ever - the best looking people, the smartest, the most brilliant and best looking ever. 
After awhile it just got sickening how he couldn't put in at least a few central characters who seemed normal at life.
Jillian by Halle Butler. The main character is self-loathing and trolls her equally pathetic co-worker, Jillian. It's a funny and indulgent read.
I flogging HATED Perdido Street Station - gah it was the worst! The characters were such assholes and not relatable at all. I mean a woman with an insect head? WHY? There was no chemistry between the protagonists at all. Zero empathy 
Could not actually finish - not helped by the worst narrator of all time. Most unnecessarily convoluted plot with stupid overuse of the thesaurus by the author. 
I know he has some pretty big fans and is a bit of a cult favourite but I can't. 

I liked The City and The City but even that was an interesting premise shoehorned into a pretty thin mystery plot. Way to ruin a great idea. 
I just finished reading The Magicians and I hate the main character Quentin. I'm not sure if the author intended this but I probably won't finish the series
The Giver for me. Although, the reason for me is that I find the main characters as the antagonists trying to get rid of a great system
Slaughterhouse five. He was just so dull and uninteresting. 
Yes, and I did not finish the book.
I can't believe nobody has said Arya from A Song of Ice and Fire (Game of Thrones).

She is suuuuuuuper annoying for the first like three books! Every time her chapters came up I just wanted to skip them.
Winston Smith from Orwell's 1984. Though I think that's the point of his character?
Katniss was such a whiny, depressing emo shit in Mockingjay that it ended up leaving a very bad taste in my mouth. The trilogy was fine up 'til then.  
  
Disliked Mersault in the stranger, he was a blank slate but I suppose that's the way he was supposed to be perceived. Doesn't stop me from hating his guts.  
  
A lot of people have mentioned Harry in the Order of the Phoenix. That was a strange shift from his normal character.
I seem to remember Solar has a detestable protagonist.
Ulysses. Seriously found all the main characters too whiny and self involved to deal with.
[deleted]
50 shades. Lol. Unreadable, but I just HAD to see how it ended.
Prince of Nothing trilogy.

I detested the main character Khellus. He's everything I find despicable in a person. 
A Confederacy of dunces. So well written, such a neckbeard asshat main character
Harry Potter in the later books annoyed the hell out of me!
Ever tried Twilight? Because that's how you get to hate everyone and everything in the book.

On a better note, Blood and Chocolate made me want to smack the main character upside the head a bit. 

Edit: Anna Karenina brings "hate" to a whole new level. 
Can't stand Holden Caulfield from Catcher in the Rye.

Nevermind, already been stated.
The Racketeer by Grisham. Since when are we supposed to root for a drug dealing gang banger and his conspiracy partner attorney.
Catcher in the Rye
Logan ninefingers
Bella from the Twilight series 
Luke Skywalker in Star Wars or Woody Allen's character in Annie Hall. I can't stand the whiny characters. 
Edmond Dantes.

I knew that The Count of Monte Cristo is a revenge book. I got that part. But after he wrongly spent 14 years in prison, you'd expect he wouldn't be persuaded by his former love who unknowingly betrayed him to not enact his entire plan. I expected him to be ruthless and inhumane. And yet now he seemed weak. 

I guess i was also betrayed by expectations, but it doesn't make it any less worse for me. I had vent off to my mum, since she's a highschool literature teacher, on the subject and went on reading. I lost another 2-3 hours to finish the novel, but hey, at least now i have a legitimate reason to bash on it if i ever feel the need to. 
Brandon Sanderson is my favorite author and I love all his books but I found Vin so annoying in mistborn. 
howdy _curlygirl,    
   
try the "The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant" by Stephen R. Donaldson. this ...    
The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant - Wikipedia     
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Chronicles_of_Thomas_Covenant    
    
the writing is _REALLY_ good. i kept reading the series thinking the character would eventually stop being a vile, hateful, whining abomination and that i would finally start to like him.    
    
nope. [*sigh ...*]     
    
i have never HATED a character before. disliked, despised, didn't care for ... but never have i **hated** a character before this series.      
     
yet, the writing was good. the story was good. the world building was good. the main character was vile.    
     
i got thru the 5th book and then gave up. [*grin*]     
    
take care,    
lee     


Lolita. I hate that book
Technically not a book but Barry Allen kinda gets on my nerves. Like dang fam why he gotta be so whiny all the time. Dude is never content. But on the other that's kinda what gives him the edge. So take it as it is I guess. Still love the show fam 
Did you see the reboot of Ghostbusters? I hate them all for agreeing to do it.
I just read a book in which the main character was a Murderer, Slave Trader and Pedophile. He spends most of the story as a war lord with the intention of acquiring as much power as possible. His ultimate goal was world wide domination. Thankfully his main goal was not achieved. On his off time he would hang out in caves, and experienced hallucinations in which he thought that a higher power was speaking to him.

The protagonist committed acts of ethnic cleansing, and cultural genocide. He had the charisma of a sociopath, and was able to trick his followers into believing that his atrocities were righteous. It is a very interesting book, and quite beautiful at times (in a morbid kind of way). This book belongs in the fantasy aisle, next to the rest of the fairy tales.
Marie Laflamme. I just couldn't read the whole book, I hated her too much. 
I find all of Bret Easton Ellis' protagonists to be unlikeable. Same with Bukowski's Henry Chinaski..but i didnt hate them. I pitied them. That's what great writers do when they're protagonists are highly unlikeable
Rabbit Angstrom.  Hes just so self absorbed and destroys everything he touches.

I finished 3 of the 4 books.  I liked them fine enough.  My father is on his fourth marriage and I can say his life has basically been ruined by bad decisions.  So perhaps for me reading the books was like trying to understand my dad.  He's a big Updike fan and I think he thought Rabbit was admirable.
Final Fantasy X
Don't remember the characters names... But had to read Jacob have i loved and also the glass menagerie. Brutal. 
You don't need to relate to enjoy it. 
Ignatius Reilly from A Confederacy of Dunces. I have never had a book make me so mad. I burned it when I was done.
frodo in the lord of the rings
How I met your Mother. Ted's a total bitch.
obamas book
Yes i read a song of ice and fire, the main characters are so stupid its painful to read.
Jumper, Hayden Christensen basically doesn't do anything commendable throughout the film even though he can teleport.
I read Ringworld. Loved the concept, and because I was so intrigued with the concept of, well, a ring world, I stubbornly finished the book. I'm not sure it was worth it.
I liked it but then again I read the Silmarillion. 
I got a bit farther in than you are before I stopped. I didn't enjoy any of the characters and it took them way too long just to get to Ringworld with nothing of interest happening on the trip. My main problem though was that I didn't think it was very well written. The characters being flat was a big part of that but it just seemed a bit amateur overall.
my dad said it was a good series, I was looking to get into it eventually
I did the first two of the Ringworld series as audio books during my commute. Its very much a slow burn.  The story does get better, but when I told my wife about them I explained  that it harkens back to an era when nerds didn't get laid often. 

I like sci-fi so I spent more time playing with the idea of the ring.  It's a fun concept. 
The way I see it, Niven comes from a tradition of science fiction that is less driven by plot and characters, and more driven by creative scientific concepts. If the concept of the ringworld itself and the mysteries it contains do not excite you, it probably isn't the book for you, though it's one of my favorites. That being said, over the course of the first two novels and the related novel Protector, a quite complex and interesting plot does develop.
I dunno. I'm not much of a science fiction fan. Vonnegut, Bradbury, Herbert, and a few others. I really enjoyed Ringworld and thought it was a quick and easy read.
The 50 page rule is always good to keep in mind. If the book doesn't hold your interest by 50 pages, set it aside. You've given it a fair chance. 
>The characters seem too flat and unrealistic and nothing interesting has really happened. 

This is every Niven book; stop and go to something better.
Read the whole thing. Wish I hadn't.
That wasn't my experience with Ringworld, but it has happened with other books. I just stop and move on to another book. 
I read ringworld a good few years ago, I found it quite boring. kept expecting it to get better and it never did. Try Heinlein, Asimov, Arthur C clarke, or L Ron Hubbard 
In its time, the concept and the sense of wonder capture people's imagination. It's not a particularly well-written novel, and not my favorite Niven (that would be The Mote in God's Eye). You need to appreciate Ringworld as a pulpy SF adventure with some breathtaking images.
It's a boring book.
You are not alone. It was a tough read. The concept was great. The book gets harder and harder to read after half way through 
Ringworld is chief among those books of "hey there are decent ideas here let's NOT USE ANY OF THEM.

The old rpg books for the setting do a much better job than the book itself.
I read the whole thing. It's an interesting concept but the writing is flat. I was disappointed in it. 
Thank you.

It has always seemed to me that this book (and it's sequels) held a strangely high position given its terrible quality.

Not only is the writing shoddy, but the plot seems to focus to a great extent on the protagonist's sexual exploits - wallows in them even.

There are some redeeming parts - some of the engineering details are very well thought out.  But that's simply not enough to get past the books' shortcomings in my opinion.

There are sooo many great books out there, it seems a shame to waste time on this kind of drivel.


I've not actually read Ringworld but i've read some of the sequels, as well some of Niven's other stuff. He's not a scintillating writer of prose, it must be said. His characters all have similar voices, and are all extremely intelligent in a similar way which leads to leaps in the dialogue that I have trouble keeping up with. As a writer of SF ideas he's second to none, and I can't think of many authors who write about aliens as creatively as he does.
I just finished it last night. I loved the concept of the Ringworld itself, but pretty much loathed the characters, and found their motivations to be very strange.

Maybe I'm being petty, but the description of the Puppeteers made me imagine a pretty awful looking character physiologically speaking. Two long necks with prehensile mouths and a furry hump between them? I just wished Nessus were a cooler looking alien. I guess Speaker was okay, but I basically just imagined him as a He-Man villain figure.

Also, why did it take Louis so long to figure out that they're probably called Puppeteers because they "pull the strings" and control other species?

I didn't understand the whole "breeding for luck" bits at all. It seemed too un-scientific and out of place for a sci-fi story. And what was the end goal of this "luck"? That Teela would get to the Ringworld? For what end? That she'd survive a galactic core explosion in 20,000 years? She's only human - but with their longevity medicines, would she really live that long? The one sentence that really bugged me was when (I think) Louis said that all death and disease was from bad luck, so Teela might live forever. It made no sense to me.

Also, as cool as the Ringworld was, there was little of interest on it. Just a bunch of primitive people and some weird sunflowers that would burn anything in their paths. He missed a big opportunity to encounter aliens and weird flora and fauna.

The shadow-square wire was a cool element.

I found myself wishing it were a more conventional and suspenseful story, in which some human explorers discover the Ringworld and a thriving alien civilization.

Also, it ended too soon! Niven could've given us a little more about how Louis and Speaker could even return to the ship after plummeting the floating police station (ugh) through the Fist of God crater.

TL;DR: Cool concepts, lame characters, weird motivations, unsatisfying plot.
The writing and story both fell flat for me when I read it as well.  It's probably better suited for a younger audience.
I read it, but didn't like it. Kept thinking it would get "better," but it never did. I think that I might not be the target audience- I grew up playing Halo, so the concept of a ringworld is not nearly as mind-blowing as the author (probably) intended it to be.
I was very affected by the "accent" of Mark Twain's writing. I often present my words slightly out of order for comedic effect. His deadpan narration juxtaposed with absurd colloquial dialogue make for really unheard-of levels of snark. 
So you talk like a New Englander? I'm from New England, so King books are just how people I know talk. However, I never actually spoke like a Dark Tower character because it would be embarrassing, I often find myself tempted to say silly stuff like "Thankee sai for this wonderful palaver" or "You have forgotten the face of your father."
I was really into Emily Dickinson when I was young--still am, actually--and I've noticed that I have a tendency to use emdashes and parenthetical phrases more than other people, though this expresses more in writing than in speaking.
Sometimes my husband shocks me when he kisses me. I blame the carpet and sock feet.  
I think it's more about sexual tension. I've definitely been in situations in the past where I was so attracted to someone that them touching my arm or whatever was almost electric. The first physical contact you have with someone you're into is always exciting, even if it's just holding hands. 
When you're attracted to someone, physical contact with them feels good because the brain reacts to it by producing natural "drugs". That can be intense, and I imagine every person feels it a bit differently.

There are also people who seem to experience tactile-pleasure or sound-pleasure synesthesia. Look up ASMR or "brain orgasms". Most people who have this seem to be triggered by sibilant sounds (whispering, crinkling paper or nylon, snipping of scissors, etc). What these sounds have in common is they skew towards high frequency components. That points to a physiological cause. Those with tactile ASMR have a pleasure response when a part of the body is touched that's usually not considered sexual or erotic, e.g. back of the hand, or specific spot on the back or neck. 
I really like touching and being touched by people I love, but that sounds like science fiction / odd to me. Maybe because they can't describe sex and orgasm this is used a stand-in device to convey intense physical passion.
Interesting topic.  This has definitely become something of a cliche in modern YA books, but in my experience it is, to an extent, true.  In the beginning of two relationship I've had, when we were both still new and nervous, physical contact (holding hands and the like) on several instances felt like an electrical current, especially when the contact was unexpected.  But authors seem to over-use this infrequent sensation for effect.
A shock ran through me the first time I touched my crush in chem class. It was during a static electricity demonstration and we were instructed to link hands for the demo, but still, it counts.
I didn't think this was a real thing but the comments seem to say otherwise.

Scientists should seriously study this.
The feeling of touching someone you really like is very hard to describe. I suppose that when you are new to it it might be hard understand the feeling. It sounds like this authors description is lazy (unless pehaps this is sy-fi or fantasy).

There's always a little truth to it and a little exaggeration. That said, I definitely think with the right person, you DO feel it. 
Edit: This seems to be overused today which gets on my nerves somewhat.
Yes. Goodness yes. 
The man in the yellow hat fed George dessert, and a tummy ache followed.
This bothers me more than it should, I guess. I keep seeing headlines advertising this as a "children's book," as if Stephen King is making his first foray into children's fiction. If anything, this is a piece of tie-in media to The Dark Tower series. It's more like when they made the Talkboy after Home Alone 2 came out than a new title by King.   

It is based on a passage from Dark Tower III: The Wastelands, where Jake reads this very book. The original release of the novel even has some illustrations similar to the ones in this new version, but this is not a piece of new fiction that all King fans will want, and probably not something that will appeal to most children.  

Personally, I can't wait for this. They released some copies at San Diego Comic Con in July as an exclusive and I was afraid there would be no mass release. However, this is not a children's book,  and it has a very niche appeal to fans of The Dark Tower. 
Ned Dameron absolutely nailed the cover illustration.  It captures exactly how it was described in the Dark Tower.
This perturbs me. If you've read the Dark Tower series this is a GREAT piece of memorabilia. I'm gonna grab me a copy. 

The face is just as eerie as I imagined when I was reading the Dark Tower...
Next in the series - Blaine The Pain
Please, if there is a merciful god, let it be focused on Blaine the Train.
Time to usher in a new generation of nightmare fuel
I preordered mine on Amazon and I got it for 9.79! Shipping soon!
Could the movie be based around the train? It could be interesting to flash-forward, or flash-back from the setting of the train. Choo-choo mother-fucker.
They did a great job at making the cover look like it was described in the book. Its only when you look closer that the kids kinda look like they're screaming. And the face.
yes please! meanwhile can we see a movie version of [the eyes of the dragon](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Eyes_of_the_Dragon)?
Saw this as an exclusive at SDCC, stoked to know they're releasing it to the public! 
It's not set in the DT universe (which is basically the King universe anyway), it exists in that universe.  It's a fictional book that somehow escaped its fictional universe for ours.
Blaine the fucking psycho train?
Hellz yeh!
And when your a teen there just right 
apparently doesn't write enough garbage, needs more.
Why do you feel ashamed of your literature taste? If you only like fantasy and think regular literary fiction is boring then so be it. Read whatever you like. I, for one, don't enjoy fantasy books and prefer novels set in the real world. I'm sure there are people who don't like fantasy and literary fiction but are superfans of alien farmer erotic short stories. Who cares, life is too short to read bad books. 
*It seems to me that I find novels "about everyday life of contemporary people" boring, as I do not have to read books in order to experience everyday life, while fantasy characters, events are available only in literature, since they do not exist in real life, and what is the point of reading about something which I can directly experience*

I'd say that's just one subgenre of literary fiction, and definitely not my preferred one, though if the narrator or subject matter is compelling enough it doesn't matter.

But if you'd like some recommendations of things in that genre that made a big impression on me:

*Turtle Diary* by Russell Hoban is a quiet, funny, often devastating book about two lonely middle-aged people (alternating as narrators) meeting through their mutual obsession with the idea of freeing a sea turtle from the London aquarium.

*The Last Samurai* by Helen DeWitt is very hard to summarize but it's maybe the most brilliant book I've read that was published this century.

*Zazen* by Vanessa Veselka is about a young woman trying to navigate the radical/queer/vegan communities in Portland as the world is descending into chaos.

Also one of the first big literary classics I read was *The Master and Margarita*, which is complicated and has lots of stuff about Soviet oppression and censorship and religious history, but there's also the devil, witches, and a huge talking cat.
You could try some of David Mitchell's work. He's known for bending genres and combines literary fiction with some fantastical elements, so that might be a good start to try get into literary fiction. [This article](https://www.theguardian.com/books/booksblog/2015/nov/10/david-mitchell-and-literary-and-genre-fiction-world-fantasy-award) gives his opinion on the "literary vs. genre" war, might be interesting for you to read given your feeling of being stuck in fantasy reading.
I actually kind of realized that not too long ago, myself; I also usually read fantasy when I read fiction. At the next used book sale I went to I made it a point to get any general fiction book that looked remotely interesting; I'm working my way through them and some aren't bad. My suggestion, if you don't want to do that, is to get recommendations or best seller lists and try those - things that lots of other people liked are usually liked for a reason. (Though that can fail, of course; I hated A Little Life.) One of the books I got at that sale was A Man Named Ove by Frederik Backman, it's a Swedish book that was really good.
Read and write what you enjoy. 

I find that I have more nightmares about reality than anything fantastical, so for the most part, I stick to genre fiction. Getting a decent night's sleep is really important to me. 

Will there ever be a day that I look up and realize I want to read about 'reality' ? Maybe, and when that day comes I will have LOTS to choose from, and lots of reviews to help me find the good stuff. 

If you ask me, a lot of contemporary fiction is tediously self important, and not infrequently depressing and frightening. Don't need or want that in my entertainment, so I tend to skip it. 

I do sometimes wish I could go back to college and study more literature, but I guess that's more to find a curated reading list/structured group of books, and the interaction with the teachers and people taking the course. I'm not especially interested in reading the thousand most important works of literature in the world, mostly because without having a sense of their place in literary history in context (of their author's world and their stated goals within their culture) I'm not sure how much I could appreciate the works.

 I guess what I really want is a simultaneous sense of history (literary/artistic/political/cultural) as I read so that I can understand what the author was trying to say and/or achieve and how it reflects the moment of its creation, in a cultural sense. (trying to broaden my tastes beyond the old fashioned canon of European white men, and it's tough to do without context)  I really enjoy that, but seldom achieve that when reading on my own. 
There are plenty of works that are regulars on the literary canon and also fantastical. Mythology is the obvious bridge between the two worlds. Everyone should read *Gilgamesh* just to know that the two have gone together since the beginning. The introspective novel about ordinary people is a great thing but it was only really invented in the last two or three hundred years, before that pretty much everything was fantastical to some degree.

Then more recently you've got Kafka, Borges, Marquez, Bulgakov and many more. The most essential work I can think of, for someone interested in the overlap between mythology, fantasy and modern psychological literature, is *Don Quixote*.
I don't think you should feel ashamed in the least, but some mainstream/contemporary/realistic lit I have loved very much are things by Ann Patchett (Bel Canto is life), Pat Conroy (esp Prince of Tides), John Irving (World According to Garp), Anne Tyler (Accidental Tourist, Digging to America). 
I really hope those aren't meant to be scores after the titles. 
For the same reason people don't write Futurist books, or Beat books, or books from any other bygone literary movement. The idea arrived, people discussed it, they took what they liked from it and moved on to something else. Like you've noticed, there are books today that are influenced by the Existentialists, but nobody wants to read a book that's just a re-hash of something sixty years old.
Those books were written at a time when social/moral/political values in the western world were taken for granted. Then a couple of generations asked "Why?" Now in the post-modern era, everyone grows up questioning everything and assuming that everything is absurd--so there's no reason to write a book about it. Now we're all trying to figure out how to put meaning back in things instead of taking it out just to see what happens.
I don't think you know what absurdism is. The only book you mentioned that's truly absurdist is *The Stranger*. 

Absurdism was a product of WW2. There is a ton of Absurdist literature out there. Based on the books you chose to mention, you haven't read many of them. Absurdism is often an undertone in many books these days (check out the Man Booker Prize winner from this year, *The Sellout*).

Like most literary movements, the topic/themes get pushed to their limit and/or "exhausted." Those topics/thematic elements are pushed aside for a few years, then the dust settles and authors start to mess with the themes again in less obvious ways (minor themes instead of whole plots). 

If you want Absurdist Lit, read everything Beckett wrote (esp Molloy, Malone Dies, and The Unnamable). Read Pinter, Ionesco, even Catch-22 if you haven't. There's plenty out there.  
What else do you need? I think that absurdism/existentialism is an easily tired-out philosophy with regard to depicting it in fiction. I mean, you get it already don't you. How many more dreary lives do you need to see
Those styles are like certain wines, when they age well they are identified and coveted.  It may be that we just don't have enough distance yet between Camus/Sartre/O'Toole and the current writers.
I read this a long time ago. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/How_I_Became_Stupid 
Is that what you would be looking for? I remember it being pretty good.
*Zero K*, Don DeLillo's latest, is about the meaning (or otherwise) of life. It is relentlessly dark.

*Satin Island* by Tom McCarthy (2015): same. 

Links to my detailed reading journals about both of them [here](https://wecanreaditforyouwholesale.com/), under "Recently finished".
Have you read the news lately?  No need for that type of fiction these days.
If someone expressed the ideas expressed by the OP to me in real life I would punch them in the face.
I would say that White Noise makes the grade, though it is technically a postmodern book. But anyway most of these books came many years apart, and I don't even know how well-known they were at the time. Maybe there are already great existentialist books from the modern age that just haven't been recognized yet.

Also sidenote, are those scores for the books or what?
I don't think 
Actually there are still absurdist books being written, but the ones I've seen and read are from small presses. If you can find a copy, Ray Fracalossy's "Tales from the Vinegar Wasteland" might be what you're looking for. It had two editions, but both presses (Afterbirth; LegumeMan) closed their doors years ago. 
Existentialism sort of went out of style when structuralism and post-structuralism came along, but there's a bit of a resurgence now, maybe we'll see that reflected in fiction.
Everyone gets a firehose of absurdist art from their social media feeds. Not sarcastic about that; everyone thinks they're Magritte; including me.
This is an interesting and perhaps even an acute question. One answer to the question is that The likes of Hesse are difficult to beat on their own backyard. But the social and political developments in the west might bring existentialism back on to the frame. My understanding is that German school kids still have to read the likes of Döblin and Hesse, so existentialism is far from gone from the world.
Because it's a dated philosophical ideology that fell out of fashion like 50 years ago. 

I'm not really sure what the numbers next to the book titles mean. Are those supposed to be scores?
Because there wouldn't be a point to write them.
I got one. Can't get an agent. No market for the human awakening to reality.
I love older books like that! Sometimes they're terrible and sometimes they're amazing overlooked gems. Who knows, maybe you have the next **Stoner** (by John Williams) on your hands: it was a novel that was published in 1965, but flopped... until it became super popular in the mid-2000s, after the author's death. Read it and let us know what you think!
If the author didn't write any more books that were noteworthy, I think it's safe to assume that he was just forgotten. God knows how many decent books from 50+ years ago were lost in time.
It seems to be autobiographical from my wee search, and I found alot of second hand copies for sale here in the uk. Maybe just an obscuriton by a random guy who got lucky for once and published :) 
See if your library has a copy?

https://www.worldcat.org/title/loser/oclc/21617583

It appears to be a personal narrative dealing with gambling?

[This book](https://books.google.com/books?id=tWMupGj3xoEC&pg=PA138&lpg=PA138&dq=%22the+loser%22+%22hoffman%22&source=bl&ots=MRCFpsyjqU&sig=MVJ99qc0JdeH37VRxyLlZMXnOTQ&hl=en&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwi168SjjLbQAhXDyFQKHYkxBwEQ6AEILDAD#v=onepage&q=%22the%20loser%22%20%22hoffman%22&f=false) appears to mention it.

Here it is on Goodreads, not much info though: https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12066061-the-loser

If you couldn't find it maybe it's because you were spelling Hoffman with two Ns. 
“He jerked off with the determination of someone within sight of Everest’s summit, having lost all his friends and Sherpas, having run out of supplemental oxygen, but preferring death to failure.”
-Reddit 
A useful resource for everyone who likes these awards as much as I do : 

1) the extracts from this year's shortlist that got the writers nominated https://nothingintherulebook.com/2016/11/17/bad-sex-in-fiction-extracts-from-the-2016-shortlist/
[My favourite](http://dearauthor.com/book-reviews/f-reviews/review-knight-moves-by-jamaica-layne/)
Never forget [dick attack](http://i.imgur.com/uiLqn.jpg)
I find that science fiction writers are particularly bad at sex scenes. Asimov is one notorious example.
anybody listened to the podcast 'my dad wrote a porno'? it's a comedy podcast about the 'erotic' book *Belinda Blinked*. the book would win every award out there for bad sex in writing, (i hesitate to call the book literature lol).  
I think it'd be funny if clearly written by someone who just discovered sex: "He shoved his giant wiener into her vajay-jay and jackhammered her like a cheetah until he pulled out and blasted his strudel icing all over her big boobies." 
> Despite the immediate circumstances, human nature obliged him to take a look at her passport photo.

God dammit what happened next 
But why even bother trying to outdo 50 Shades of Grey at this point?

Why am I finding it so difficult to simply find a list of the currently nominated passages?  I managed to find last year's.
This begs the question: is there a bad sex in nonfiction award? I can't recall any time I've ever read a sex scene in a nonfiction book.
"Her breasts were like bags of sand."
Nothing by Chuck Tingle? Sacrilege. Although, I guess he *did* get nominated for a Hugo Award, so at least that's something.
Had Peter Hamilton written a book this year? If he has, I'll give him the award, sight unseen. I love that man's fiction, but the awful literotica he *always* puts into his books is the worst. If there is a book of his where an 18 year old looking girl (or actual 18 year old) doesn't at some point bang an older dude...oh let's say about the age of Peter Hamilton, I'll eat it.* 

*I won't. It was hyperbole going for effect. I'm sure he has written something where he doesn't do this, I just have not read it. He has done non-fiction, right?
What is it about sex that makes it so hard to write well about? Even people like Ian McEwan have been shortlisted for the Bad Sex Award. 
This whole thing just sucks, half of them are not that bad typically, and the whole thing is just way to poke fun at voices and genres the author's don't like.
I actually did work experience at Literary Review once when the Bad Sex award was coming up! Not to take away from it as it does highlight some truly awful writing, but they do go about it quite cynically. As the intern I was handed a stack of every major release that year and told to flick through them and mark ANY sex scenes. They would read and judge them properly, but it was approached more from the sense of 'let's find the biggest name/book we can take down a few notches' than 'let's highlight a particularly bad piece of writing we encountered this year'. I remember they were very disappointed that J.K. Rowling's The Casual Vacancy didn't have anything to justify the award as they really wanted to pin it on that.
God, that Gayle Forman quote is just awful writing.  It reads like a Dan Brown parody.

>his hands, which were everywhere. As if he were ravenous.

> like she was a virgin, like this was the first time. 

> She’d thought he was just excited, turned on.

I'm weird about mixing passages about fellatio with references to pimples. That alone should have been edited out.
"His hot load shot into her mouth while her passport fell to the herpetic floor."
"It had not occurred to her that he might be terrified, too.”

OKAY MAYBE YOU SHOULD REASSESS THIS ARRANGEMENT
Where is Chuck Tingle?
Well I was expecting to see Neal Stephenson and Piers Anthony but then I realized they didn't put out any books this year. One is fixated on teenagers, and the others sex scenes consist of one pump chumps. 
/r/titlegore
Wasn't this posted already once this morning?
I thought this was going to be about fictional characters having bad sex, not about badly written sex.
So much NSFW, but if I don't open any video, my co-workers think I'm just wasting time again, reading puns.

This is maybe the funniest thread I've ever read on reddit 
Wait wait wait wait... How are we rating scenes that are "so bad they're good" or "so bad they're hilarious"?
It is one of my life goals to win this award.
I didn't think Gayle's was that terrible....? Just cheesy. 
So how do they handle satire? 
He, the mount everest one is at least creative!
Did Chetan Bhagat not apply for this? 
no mention of Fat Pink Mast?
2015 contenders in quotes
https://www.google.dk/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/books/2015/nov/18/bad-sex-award-2015-the-contenders-in-quotes
Points for creativity at least.  
Twilight anybody?
I'd like a top bad sex in games award. Bioware would have a field day.
I'm kind of disappointed at the lack of the squid scene in The Sympathizer.  Although it being bad was kind of the point.
I hope to be on this list someday. It would be an honour just to be nominated. 
A Gronking to Remember
Porn is pretty accurate?
 *You're no longer my number 3!!!!*

 When I have sex and rub nipples I act just like that man. He has -total concentration.-
ctrl+f tingle
As a person who reads a lot of modern literature I always suspected that all big literature prizes of nowadays like Nobel or Pulitzer are nothing compared to the real thing: The Most Awkward Sex Scene Prize. I imagined titans of literature meeting up somewhere in luxury clubs and hotel rooms every year and giving out the Prize in secret. And MASS is the only thing that is truly prestigious in the world of literature. 
Totally read the web address as electri cliterature. I think I just developed a new genre of literature, cliterature.
I read the title as "bad sex infection".  Wtf is wrong with me
So which Game of Thrones novel wins this year?
LOL This shit is hilarious!
[Worst:](http://archiveofourown.org/works/8437105/chapters/19329679)
You can map nearly any story to stories found in the Bible, this is because there are so many stories in the Bible. 

However, Tolkien did not do this in the case of the Hobbit, or LOTR:

> **“I cordially dislike allegory in all its manifestations, and always have done so since I grew old and wary enough to detect its presence. I much prefer history – true or feigned– with its varied applicability to the thought and experience of readers. I think that many confuse applicability with allegory, but the one resides in the freedom of the reader, and the other in the purposed domination of the author.”**


― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring
Bilboses
Moses never makes it to the promise land, bilbo does and many if his followers don't.

Bilbo was taking peoplevwho were different, and it wasn't his land.

Often he wasn't really the leader.

You have the number 13, river and reluctance.   Very thin.
Bilbo was also raised by royalty but was later exiled from his homeland for murdering a man in a dispute between his people.

Bilbo also spoke with a burning bush and was told by a deific figure that it was his purpose to lead the dwarves to the Lonely Mountain.

Bilbo joined forces with his nephew, Frodo, and cast plagues upon the dwarves' taskmasters.

Bilbo and the Dwarves were ultimately driven from the land of their oppression, and then later pursued by the military.

Actually, the more I read into this, the less symbolic it seems.

Tolkien was undoubtedly influenced by Judeo-Christian mythology/history, but aside from the most cursory similarities, I have to disagree with your assertion.

Also, apologies if I sound like an ass.  It is not my intent to be one.
What you're experiencing is 
[Confirmation Bias](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confirmation_bias), it's not particularly convincing to people aware of it, hence all these comments. To avoid this in the future, stop looking for things that confirm your theory, instead things that defeat it. 
 /facepalm. nope. that's just trying too hard.

moses crossed a sea. also, bilbo isn't really the leader AT ALL. he isn't even 2nd in command.  3rd, it's the 12 tribes of israel. not 13. 
Bilbo didn't lead the group.  He was very much a child in the beginning despite his age.  He needed to be rescued, was totally reliant on others (to the point of forgetting a hat and hankie).

When he gained the ring and met Gollum, he started to grow up.  He thought for himself, got himself out of trouble.  Later he was able to aid his friends, eventually even saving them from spiders and elves.  At the end, he even goes against his friends because he believes it's in the best interests of everyone.  While this led to a near irreparable breach, he was also adult enough to forgive and forget (as was Thorin).

By the time Bilbo was making plans, the dwarves definitely trusted him.  Even then, he wasn't leading.  Their distrust of him was only at the beginning, and was due to doubts of his ability; not his honesty or motives.  Didn't the Jews distrust Moses because he had been raised by/with the pharaoh? Killing an overseer not being enough to make him one of them. (I'm weak on old testament knowledge, so I could be wrong here)

Also, which "river" are you referring to in Hobbit?  As I recall, there were several rivers AND the lake.  But none of them really had the same significance as Moses parting the sea.
Seems like a bit of a stretch. I mean Moses didn't even cross a river he crossed a sea. And what story doesn't involve people crossing a river. Seems more like a excellent example of confirmation bias. 
You realize that there are only so many story structures and the hero's journey is one of them?
Read Beowulf, it'll become clearer then. 
ITT: LOTR was and was not a Christian themed series. Proclaimed both ways by Tolkien; one assertion cited, one not.
While there is christian symbolism in the Hobbit and Lord of the Rings, its incidental.  JRR Tolkien said once or twice that Lord of the Rings is not based on christianity in any way.  
And speaking of Tolkien, has anyone else noticed the parallels between the Lord of the Rings and H.R. Pufnstuf?

Not a joke.  Older Redditors -- Back me up?
Thin at best and in direct contradiction to what Tolkien himself has said about allegory. 
Bilbo did not lead thirteen groups. In fact he did not lead thirteen dwarves either. The similarities are very very forced.
What's really ironic\odd\whatever is that Tolkien intentionally wrote "The Hobbit" and "The Lord of The Rings" with Zero religious overtones\subtext\intent as a response to the works of C. S. Lewis. 
I always thought of the ring as nuclear power and the men of the West v.  Sauron was like a parallel to world war 2. 
What are the implications of Frodo's parallelisation, using this model of meaning?
Symbology...
I'd argue if anything, the greater meaning is the danger of materialism, while encouraging the preservation of heritage.  We see multiple antagonists that are defined as evil through their greed for wealth/power, and characters that are corrupted by their materialism(precious...).

There are also a great many articles written saying that another major symbol in that universe is the battle between tech and nature, represented by the strip mining warlike forces of the south, vs. the forces of good(typically represented with their inherit goodness being relative to their connection with nature).

It was largely seen as reactionary, and a continuation of the lost generation, who were grappling with the introduction of mass production, industrialization, and advancements in war tech seen in WWI & II.

While that alone doesn't refute this being linked to religion, I would argue that the almost complete lack of mention of religion in the texts might indicate some stance that religion should be left out of the interpretation.

**TL;DR:  It's about the danger of greed, and tech.**
For one, Bilbo wasn't the leader of the group he was in, he just happened to be the protagonist of the story. For most of the story, he is the underestimated tagalong as he stumbles into and out of a lot of his "deliverance from harm" moments. 

As others have said, the Bible uses so many classic narrative structures that you can draw parallels between it and pretty much any other work of fiction. 
Yeah and Pink Floyd and The Wizard of oz or something...

Funny timing, I literally (yes literally) read the foreword to LotR last night and was quite taken by Tolkiens sweeping dismissal of any kind of symbolism in his books.
I think if anything, it was influenced much more by his obsession with ancient epics like Beowulf, and Germanic mythology in general. The names of all the dwarves and Gandalf are taken directly from the Voluspa, the most important text in the ancient Norse religion. Gandalf is much more of an Odin than Bilbo is a Moses or any other biblical character. 
Shit. People are stripping the nuance from your post like winter does to leaves from a tree. 

I think this has merit. J.R.R. Tolkien was a devout Roman Catholic and was very, very familiar with the books of the Bible. Your observation is totally meritorious and maybe even possible. 

Kudos, brother. I like this one.
Also the battle with the people in the promised land who are relatively giant
Tolkien said The Lord of the Rings was "a fundamentally religious and Catholic work." You've found the key, dear boy! Bravo!
I love both the film and the book but to me they re entirely different stories. The movie is more of an accomplishment in storytelling while the book really succeeds in delving deep into an alien /not so alien state of mind.  The whole story of her mutilation, her dealing with it everyday, the alien perspective of an "animal" rights activist, all of these are so brilliantly explored. I love this book. 
I know that *Slade House* by David Mitchell started as a short story that was done through Twitter. He eventually expanded the story and wrote a damn good book. 
*The Cellar* by Natasha Preston originated on Wattpad and managed to be published (although it wasn't very good). I know that there are several other published authors on Wattpad as well.
Teju Cole [published a story through Twitter](http://www.npr.org/2014/01/16/262473432/forget-the-new-yorker-storyteller-turns-to-twitter) (notably by retweeting with collaborators).
I still think there's value in having a term to differentiate between large sized, often self-contained and completed, stories and the thin never-ending monthly floppies that traditionally dominated superhero comics. 

I agree that we should be past the point of being embarrassed about embracing the word "Comics", and it can be a great catch-all to cover the medium, from newspaper comic strips to floppies to internet comics to serious and heavy whole novels told in comic form.

 That being said, it's still useful to have a vocabulary to talk about and differentiate between those types (how ever much the line may be blurred today).

edit: just thought of a good analogue; it's like the difference between TV and movies. Yeah they're both "live-action" but we still differentiate
I always referred to single issues as comic's and the collections as graphic novels. I liked the distinction. 
Except there are some books that are published as a complete, self-contained book rather than as individual issues. Paul Dini's *The Dark Knight: A True Batman Story* and Marjane Satrapi's *Persepolis* books spring to mind. They're comparatively rare versus books collected from single issues, but the term 'graphic novel' is probably the best one for books like that. 
Heh, reading that makes me want to call them graphic novels even more. 
This is kind of cringey. Yeah, you beat that straw man. Great job. The debate of Graphic Novel vs. Comic seems to be quite the odd thing to be be so impassioned about, but hey, I can go on for hours about Magic: The Gathering. So congrats to this guy. He's made it to the point where he gets paid (presumably) to rant about topics that don't really matter.
Successful artists often use a once-derogatory term as a badge of honour. Neil Gaiman and others are quoted in this article, telling us they are happy with the term 'comics'. Fine. The Impressionists were happy to take on a name that had been used to citicise them.

But the word 'comics' covers such a wide range of material. Why should I give the same name to a four-panel strip as to a highly structured fiction over hundreds of pages? They are as different as a haiku and a novel.

If I tell people I love *Calvin and Hobbes*, they know what I mean. If I tell people I love a work like *V for Vendetta* they know what I mean. If I tell them I love comics it means nothing. (And yes, I do know that Bill Watterson is as interesting an author as Alan Moore. But different.)
I agree. I do think it's helpful in determining if something is a collected trade vs. a floppy but I hear this. It's frustrating as hell.
The article derides terms like "sequential art" and "graphic novels" because they're borrowed terminology, but didn't the word "comics" come from comic strips? 
Graphic Novel just sounds more professional. Don't get me wrong, I get your point. I just think that the two terms still define different things in peoples minds. There's no need to be offended that someone called your comic a "graphic novel".
Bullshit.
We never did... I collect comic books... I don't need that to sound manly or sophisticated.
There is no comparison between self-contained works of literary and graphic artistry like *Fun Home*, *Maus*, and *Blankets*, and serial juvenilia like *Black Panther* and *Judge Dredd*.   Whatever the preferred terminology is, there needs to be more than one category.
for me, its not content but structure that requires a different label. "Graphic Novels" are full stories collected in a volume. "Comics" are (commonly) monthly magazines. Graphic Novels can be built from Comics, as is often the case with Trade Paperbacks, or can be adaptions from literature or new stories themselves. 
Does that mean we can finally cut through all the chaff and just call "mangas" Japanese comics? Gods know how much I detest the way people pronounce it. "Mawnguh." Duuuugh.
“That pompous phrase (graphic novel) was thought up by some idiot in the marketing department of DC. I prefer to call them Big Expensive Comics.”
― Alan Moore
I'M THINKING "NAPHIC GROVEL".
There are way more stories that are published as single issues first run, and collected later. It really grinds my gears to call that a graphic novel. Get with it Walking Dead, the show isn't based on *the series of graphic novels*, it is a monthly comic book. 
Alan Moore said he didn't like the expression graphic novel and always used comic as he said there was something apologetic about trying to call it something else.
Sounds good! Might give it a go over the summer
I'm a hoarder, but it kind of works for me? 

I'll just buy a title if it sounds remotely close to something i'd enjoy. And then i'll most likely forget about it for 3-5 years, unless i explicitely make a point out of it to read the book. Kinda how i just ordered Don Quijte and i plan to read it once it arrives. Anyhow, it happens that sometimes i get burnt out. Having read since i basically could, that happens often. I'll give it the cool-off period and then i'll just pick up something random. A novel, a book on roman history, some easy philosophy, some fancy title on culture or civilization, some psychology for university. And then i'll feel the raging passion again. Having a collection with variety helps, but that also might just be my unconscious justification for spending 3$ on a book on tea ceremonies that i haven't finished. 
I'm pretty much a hoarder, not in the sense that scarf up every book I see, but I have a hard time letting go any book that I read and enjoyed. My shelves are filled to overflowing.
to me, having read a book is way more important than owning it.
I'd say a collector. There are many books I will hold onto, but other books I've been perfectly fine with not keeping in my collection because of one reason or another. 
Hoarder. I can't walk out of a bookstore with fewer than 3 new books that I'll probably never get around to reading. It's an addiction. 
My room definitely would lead one to believe that I am a book hoarder.  I buy a lot of used books in thrift shops.  I can't read at a pace to keep up, and I have
not sold any yet.  I am willing to get rid of books I won't consider reading again.
[deleted]
A little of both.
Kind of both. I'm fine with getting rid of certain books. For example, my whole Bailey School Kids collection went bye bye. But for the most part...I do save a *lot* of my books. The reason I don't feel super guilty about it is because I've become a pretty smart buyer; I'll look at reviews first and I'll test a new book out from the library first often times. Then, if I still love it, I'll buy it. The only books I buy without hesitation are books in series I read or authors (such as Liane Moriarty) who I am a diehard fan of. 
A bit of both.  There are many that are in my permanent collection, but I don't like to get rid of any books until I have to.  Part of that is because I reread almost everything a couple of times.

Each time I move I tend to do a pretty serious book purge.
Hmm both.  I don't have many from way back when, and I only tend to hang on to non-fiction I might read again or *really * good fiction books, most I give away after.  But damn I love finding good books, nearly everything is at least a little interesting, and when I'm stressed I go to a book store like some people go to bars, so they tend to accumulate faster than I can read them..for years.  But they are well organized on floor to ceiling shelves sort of roughly in category so I don't think that counts as hoarding.
I'm modest and frugal as it is with most things so I go a tad over board with books. I read everything I buy eventually, but Im also the son of a graphic designer and musician so the latent artist side of me loves cover art. Occasionly I'll even buy books I already own if its got a fancy cover or comes bundled with ones I haven't purchased. That being said, there are some from my childhood that I will most likely discard. 
I'm at bit of both. I did, however, create a home library last year so I think it's okay haha.
I was a book collector, had an entire wall covered with book shelves made for my birthday a couple of years ago and then I painstakingly collected books that had emotional value for me. Of course, I then moved bag & baggage to another country for work and have no intention of going back - so my room is sans books now. 
Now I just have tons of books on my Kindle because Im a mood reader - so on Kindle, I call it hoarding books, not collecting. It doesn't give me the same pleasure.  
Used to be. I would go into thrift stores & just clear out their book sections. I actually read maybe 5% of them, but it's how I discovered some great books including Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy. 

I've since gone digital and donated or resold most of them, but I now have over a 1000 in my Cloud drive, so I guess you could say I'm still a book hoarder. 
I used to be a little of both.  I lugged boxes of books from state to state.  I now live in a very small condo & decided to donate every one including my vast collection of cookbooks, some of which I never opened.  
I was a hoarder until I moved to a very humid place. Spent a lot of money shipping my books there, only to see them go moldy. Now I hoard on my Kindle. 
I'm a bit of a hoarder.  I buy faster than I read, but I do read them and in most cases I send them on to someone else.  Between print and electronic, I have about 500 books that I own but haven't read.  
I've been a book hoarder most of my life, but being separated from my hoard and reading exclusively on my kindle, I think I've become a collector.

My problem is that in addition to loving reading, I really love having books around. I'm fully converted to the kindle for reading, and don't think I'll ever go fully back to hard copies, but I still love full bookshelves. When I get home next fall I plan on seriously culling my library (which has been accumulating since I was a kid), and then slowly building it back up. Going forward I want to put my money into nice editions or collections of books I love, instead of buying physical copies of everything I read.
Collecting. My book spending is within my means. I can part with books. They feature in my home but haven't taken over. I don't value them above the people in my life. I'm good. 
Combination of both! 
I used to hoarde books until I realised I was impulse buying and wasting money. Now I read it on kindle first and then if I've enjoyed it that much I buy a good quality hardback with a nice cover for my shelf. It's only a bit less expensive this way but I've got a shelf full of beautiful books, all of which I've read and really enjoyed, and no wastage. At least this way if I find that a book wasn't that good it's not taking up space, and I'm not left with loads of low quality paperbacks on my shelves.
Neither. I'm posting because I LOVE reading, but it seems so common for others who read to think it's inappropriate to say you love books until you have a huge collection. 

I only have a collection of my beloved nature field guides, and some nature lit books, because I use/reference them constantly. But I don't keep books. This year I had a long stint of homelessness, and now work with books and have always been obsessed with my local library system. There hasn't been much need to keep books around, and for a while, I really couldn't. 

Plus I've seen that copies of books really lack value. In my job I've tossed a lot of books. Seems the prices are really jacked up compared to what's done with them when they aren't wanted. I'd rather borrow. I also pass along books that I buy for others to read, because I like to share them, and even then, people don't get the idea of reading it and passing it along! 
I don't know what to call myself, collector or hoarder. I have close to 1,000 books in my house and I've read probably 2/3 of them. But for full disclosure, I have multiple copies of some titles and I keep having to buy more bookshelves to place them on. Yet...I love giving books to people and I buy these multiple copies because I like the books and want others to share my enjoyment. I set aside little piles of books for different people based on their tastes and personalities. Then when I visit, I can surprise them with a stack of good reading materials. 
A collector, partially due to space restrictions and partially because I'm very choosy with what I look for.

I have to resist the mindset to purchase multiple versions of a title. In the (very rare) event I do so, it's likely because I found a hardcover/matte copy, found it signed or found one in better condition.

I continually go through my bookcases, usually once a month, and take out anything that I've either read and have no interest in or have replaced with a better/cleaner version.

Buying new books I'm likely never going to read is a big motivator to go cheap, and I've been very fortunate in that the majority of my library (which has included signed/first editions) was mostly purchased for $1 or less each at thrift stores. The only exceptions I make to this rule are the Penguin Classics Deluxe Editions, which I will usually purchase at a Chapters *if* I have a gift card, or a signed copy of a book (like Nathan Rabin's My Year of Flops or a Margaret Atwood title) if I don't think I'll be able to find it anywhere or I'm seeing the author speak.

If I buy something, it's with the intent that I'm going to read it within the next six months. If not, it either goes in a "storage" pile or gets sent back to the thrift store.
Cat's Cradle is my favorite book of all time.

You're gonna have fun with it.
I love Slaughter house 5 so much. Its the only book i have read where non linear narrative that some authors like to use works in my opinion. ( And X character never met Y character ever again, 100 pages later one of them dies) Stephen King particularly angers me for doing this. 
Breakfast of Champions was his 50th bday present to himself. Probably my favorite next to Sirens of Titan.
love Mother Night, you may also like this short story by him, 
http://www.tnellen.com/cybereng/harrison.html
*God Bless You Mr. Rosewater* is my personal favorite.

If I came from a rich family I like to believe I would behave like Elliot Rosewater.
Also check out *Bluebeard*, it's seldom mentioned (ime) but a very good book.
Read it all... I've never read a Vonnegut novel I didn't love... and sadly I think there's only one left for me to read.

But right now... read Player Piano. Highly relevant to today.
Player piano is also a fantastic read, in my opinion.
I loved Sirens of Titan. I read it in high school; the long-term sub had printed it out somehow from his kindle (shhh) and gave us all a copy on Xerox, and I still have it in my bookshelf, haha. I need to read more of his books! He's such a wit. 
I've read 9 books by Vonnegut and all but 1 or 2 were incredible. He's probably my favorite author. Not that anyone cares but if I had to rank them:

1) Cats Cradle

2) Slaughterhouse

3) Sirens of Titan

4) Bluebeard

5) Mother Night

6) Galapagos

7) Breakfast of Champions

8) Jailbird

9) Hocus Pocus

OP, you'd probably like George Saunders and Ron Currie Jr. as well.


Cat's Cradle is the best of the ones you bought, in my opinion. Have fun!
Check out "Welcome to the Monkey House" which is short stories, something he excels at.
Galapagos is really good as well and breakfast of champions is an absolute must read
My favourites by Vonnegut are:
Slaughterhouse Five; 
Bluebeard;
Hocus Pocus;
Breakfast of Champions;
Welcome to the Monkey House

note: Vonnegut can be silly, he can be experimental, and he can also be serious. I didn't care for the silly side of Vonnegut. So my selection is in favour or his either 'more serious' work, or his more successful post-modern experiments.
:D
I just finished cats cradle! That man knows how to keep you on your toes. 
Another one of my favorites by Vonnegut is Galapagos. And God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater isn't bad, either. 
I haven't read Sirens of Titan yet, but Cat's Cradle and Mother Night are both seriously great. I'm sure you'll enjoy them!
Sirens of Titan is my favourite Vonnegut. 
I'm glad you enjoyed it! Don't forget about your local library too, if you like reading books for free :)
I've gotten into him recently too. So far read slaughter house 5, breakfast of champions, and currently sirons of titan. Really enjoying his writing so far too! 
Slaughterhouse 5 was made into a fairly decent movie- funny and poignant. Btw, enjoy Cat's Cradle, it's hilarious!
Cat's Cradle and Breakfast of Champions would be my recommendations if you liked SH5
so it goes.
'Cat's Cradle' is my fave.
Becomes an addiction.
The Sirens of Titan was great 
Sirens of Titan is my absolute fave Vonnegut. For me it's the most like a "normal" novel, the timeline isn't as fragmented as usual and conceptually it's just like waaaaaaah, and it's more science fictiony than others of his I've read.  And I think it holds merit being one of his earlier books. Mother Night had me shouting out loud in public. Oh oh oh and Hocus Pocus. But of all of them Sirens is my total best >< 
You're in for a treat!  Vonnegut is wonderful.  Good call on Sirens of Titan, Cat's Cradle and Mother Night.  Mother Night is probably my favorite with Cat's Cradle coming in a close second... and Sirens of Titan was the first novel of his I read, so it will always have a special place in my heart. 
I've  been working through his novels chronologically and love each for different reasons.   If you're  wanting to get a lot of his books the Library of America has all his works collected into four volumes.
I haven't seen Harison Bergeron mentioned. Its quite possibly my favorite short story. You can find it in his Welcome to the Monkeyhouse short story collection.
Ughhh slaughter house hit me hard. Draws attention to a little publicized allied atrocity during ww2 to boot. Sirens of Titan is super awesome too! Now I realize I need to reread sirens.
I very rarely buy brand new. A, they are expensive when brand new, and b.... They are so *new*, and unblemished, I feel bad when I inevitably dogear or accidently splatter bathwater on a page. 
I prefer sparkly new books but used books are cheap
I buy used almost exclusively but not for any romantic purposes; it's just practical for the number of books I collect and consume. I frequent [library book sales](http://booksalefinder.com/), too, and I've been really lucky when I go.
Ever since I was a kid, I've read used books, but I far prefer new ones. I liked that they werent musty or yellow, and I liked knowing for a fact they were clean. In fact, I have a small list of books I intend to buy as a collection eventually in physical form, of all my favorites. And even if I have used versions of them now, I'd probably want to buy a new set.

Different strokes different blokes I say.
I buy nearly all my books in charity shops. It's one of my favourite things to do when I have time off! 
I love used books, they kind of take on life that I get to share with other people. And since I read so much, it's far less prohibitive to get a handful of used books rather than a single new book at the same price. 
There's a certain piquancy even in the plates or inscribed names of prior owners, let alone "To My Darling John, From Jane, Happy Birthday 1956".   I can do without underlinings though.
I'm the opposite, I have to keep my books in the same shape as when I bought them new. 

The spine perfectly smooth and the cover to fold down without it hanging up from keeping it bent back from continuous read. 

It can't just be me who as this weird keeping the books looking brand new thing. 

But the huge up side to buying 2nd hand is how much cheaper they are. 
As readers, we love to escape to magical worlds. We love a new narrative and a fresh story. That applied to used books as well. You never know the path that the book took to get to your hands. There's a story you can tell yourself. A char'. A magic. 
I buy most of my books brand new, but I love seeing them gradually get that old worn-out look as the years pass. It helps build a feeling of "intimacy" with the book.
I do enjoy books that look loved... I just prefer to be the one that loved them. I really enjoy starting a clean new book and being responsible for all of the little blemishes.

My copy of *Catch-22* is really dogeared and I love it.
I almost always buy second-hand at thrift shops. I've had a lot of amazing deals over the years. Last week, I found a first edition hardcover of Nora Roberts' "The Obsession" (my grandmother wanted to read it) and a decent (few tears/blemishes) first edition of Stephen King's "Firestarter". $7.50 for the two, and a steal at that price.

There are signed books I own/have bought second-hand that tell their own story, and I'm always intrigued by them. One book I bought over the summer, a signed copy of Al Waxman's (King of Kensington) autobiography, was owned and inscribed to a writer from the Canadian Quill and Quire Magazine, and had a number of press clippings (including the magazine piece done up by the writer) and an advance press release talking about the book. I would never have found that information online, so this book was an interesting glimpse into both Waxman and the writer who wrote the piece on it.
A book should be read! And this should be visible! Nothing freaks me out more than to see a bookshelf with new books in someone's home. However isn't it a lovely moment when you get a thick new hardback and you break it in? It's a feeling of I'm the first reader of this book?
I get alot of satisfaction from seeing my favourite books look worn out, especially when I open it and it automatically opens to my favourite chapter. Its also nice when it sometimes does that to the used books I sometimes buy, interesting to read what chapters were enjoyed by the previous owner. Then again, that's just probably my overactive imagination heh. 
Inexpensive used books are great to read and evaluate writers' stories. Buying new from favorite authors helps fill their pockets. ;)

My fun these days is buying new copies of my favorites and donating to libraries or sharing with others. Double win.
I mostly love historical used books, they are charming !
Yeah I look buying second hand especially old prints, I love it when there's like an old recipt used as a bookmark or someone's notes in there
I really enjoyed the first Dirk Gently book, but I didn't get much out of 'Tea time of the Soul', just to warn you.

Cat's Cradle is great though, I don't know how it managed to be so light hearted and so poignant at the same time.
Go to 'Mother Night.'  imho one of his best.
Holy shit! I knew there was something about Adams' writing that felt fimilar. Never considered Vonnegut's influence.
I liked Cat's Cradle over Sirens of Titan. There's a poignancy to a book about mud. How science tries to rule it and religion tries to glorify it and, if you think about it, it's just mud. 

I've been working my way through Welcome to the Monkey house and it's just hit after hit. Enjoy Long Dark Tea-time, I remember loving it.
Yes. Loved Breakfast of Champions. Really affected by Slaughterhouse Five.
I'm convinced that Vonnegut is a genius. There will never be another book like Slaughterhouse Five.
Mother Night is my favorite. I think Cat's Cradle might be his best work, but Mother Night is very different than other Vonnegut's books. It's less cynical (but not particularly optimistic), but it's also less zany.  That aside, Vonnegut's trademark sarcasm is in full effect, and yet the message is delivered potently with a solemn dignity. 

I'll add that it's probably his most traditional novel. 
I don't want to spoil it but after reading the last sentence of 100 Years of Solitude I had to close my book and reevaluate life. One of the most beautiful things I've read. 
Some Christopher Hitchens book had the poem "the rain it falls upon the just, and also on the unjust fella.  But mostly it falls upon the just, for the unjust hath the just's
 umbrella."

"Every life is in many days, day after day. We walk through ourselves, meeting robbers, ghosts, giants, old men, young men, wives, widows, brothers-in-love, but always meeting ourselves."

-James Joyce, Ulysses 

Pops into my head almost everyday. Especially when I'm walking through crowds/observing other people who seem (superficially) different. 
Well, Fight Club had far too many quotable things, but here's what I can find right now:

> We don’t have a great war in our generation, or a great depression, but we do, we have a great war of the spirit. We have a great revolution against the culture. The great depression is our lives. We have a spiritual depression. -- Fight Club, Chuck Palahnuik

“[...]the only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn like fabulous yellow roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars and in the middle you see the blue centerlight pop and everybody goes “Awww!” 
― Jack Kerouac, On the Road

To be honest, I wasn't in love with the rest of the book. However, I was compelled to finish the book, once I read this passage. ... This passage brings about my own feelings of malcontent, but also brings about the memories when I've gotten too- drunk, laughed too hard, loved too quickly etc... and reminds me of the brilliance of the human spirit when we find that bare desire for passion that resides in us quietly, but is also found in others. And when you have those moments where you click with someone- the moment sizzles like a $20 steak hitting a hot BBQ.
The final paragraph of Cormac McCarthy's The Road haunts me to this day:

'Once there were brook trouts in the streams in the mountains. You could see them standing in the amber current where the white edges of their fins wimpled softly in the flow. They smelled of moss in your hand. Polished and muscular and torsional. On their backs were vermiculate patterns that were maps of the world in its becoming. Maps and mazes. Of a thing which could not be put back. Not be made right again. In the deep glens where they lived all things were older than man and they hummed of mystery.'

The image of something so ancient yet resilient in what's otherwise been an endless stream of desolation. Powerful. 

“what a luxury it was for people to hold their loved ones whenever they wanted” 
― Cecelia Ahern, P.S. I Love You
I don't want to spoil it, but the last line of Portnoy's Complaint was hilarious. 
"...I give you the mausoleum of all hope and desire...I give it to you not that you may remember time, but that you might forget it now and then for a moment and not spend all of your breath trying to conquer it. Because no battle is ever won he said. They are not even fought. The field only reveals to man his own folly and despair, and victory is an illusion of philosophers and fools." --William Faulkner, The Sound and the Fury
"This above all, to thine own self be true." 

I also love the final stanza of Prufrock.
"We have lingered in the chamber of the sea
By sea-girls wreathed with seaweed red and brown
Till human voices wake us, and we drown."


I don't mean to spoil the party, seems to be going just fine. However, none of the quotes make any sense, laid out bare and barren without context. 

Not that I don't have any quotes to offer, it's just realization how much the context of the book gave boost to its meaning. In fact, the only meaning.

The build up that works it's way to that point it's  like a pressure in your head rising and rising as you dive deeper and deeper toward the bottom of dramatic crescendo. As you read, you fight and fight to endure and right at the moment you're ready to give up, that quote comes up like some literary fairy, sitting at the bottom and gives you instant mouth to mouth breath of fresh air. 
Can't say the line, but the very last sentence of Dan Simmon's novel 'Drood' took that excellent book to another level.
“Does such a thing as 'the fatal flaw,' that showy dark crack running down the middle of a life, exist outside literature? I used to think it didn't. Now I think it does. And I think that mine is this: a morbid longing for the picturesque at all costs.” -- *The Secret History* 

This is in the very beginning of the book, and I loved the entire book, but this still plays in my head often, months after reading. 
Everyone understandanly always quotes the lines from East of Eden about Timshel. This one was my personal favorite, and I find myself reflecting on it often. 

"Maybe it's true that we are all descended from the restless, the nervous, the criminals, the arguers and brawlers, but also the brave and independent and generous. If our ancestors had not been that, they would have stayed in their home plots in the other world and starved over the squeezed-out soil."
“Hell is the absence of the people you long for.” - Emily St. John Mandel, Station Eleven
"Remember her hair in the morning before it was pinned, black, rampant, savage with loveliness. As if she slept in perpetual storm."

Suttree, Cormac McCarthy

My top ten quotes list has like five from that book.
The last line of 'The Last Question' by Asimov. 
When the monster kills the woman (Mother?) on the boat is what I remember of the scene.

"It is so long before the mind can persuade itself that she, whom we saw everyday, and whose very existence appeared a part of our own, can have departed for ever - that the brightness of a beloved eye can have been extinguished, and dear to the ear, can be hushed, never more to be heard." - Frankenstein
"And so it is with God" - from Life of Pi. Really made me smile, though I still think it's not that great as a novel.
"It begins with absence and desire.
 It begins with blood and fear.
 It begins with a discovery of witches."

-Deborah Harkness, A Discovery of Witches
I plan on finishing Moby Dick. But we will see. 
Work in a jail so we are 24/7 meaning no holidays off unless it's my scheduled day off. Hoping it will be slow though so I can read more than normal while at work. 

I've been working on the Kingdom Keepers series the past week and on book 3 now. Easy entertaining reads that if I wasn't such a Disney fan, I don't know if I would enjoy it as much but still solid. 
I'm starting Flame Alphabet today. It has been on my to-read list for a long time. What do you guys think about it? 
Going to read Joe Abercrombie's Half a King and Mindy McGinnis's Female of the Species. Looking forward to a relaxed weekend!
I study English at university, so I've been reading a lot of literary classics/canonical works. Which is great! But I'm in a mystery mood and will be reading a few from this list: https://www.google.co.uk/amp/flavorwire.com/434548/50-essential-mystery-novels-that-everyone-should-read/amp?client=safari
Been reading Stephen Jay Gould for the first time since undergrad days in the early 90's.  Plan on finishing *Wonderful Life*, which is a re-read, but I read it first in '92, so it certainly doesn't feel like it.  Will definitely finish over the holiday and plan on starting up *Time's Arrow, Time's Cycle* also by Gould.  It's a history of the geology that led to unlocking the age of Earth.
Kafka on the Shore by Haruki Murakami. The previous two books of his i read ended in the same way (girl disappears and is never found), so I'm hoping for something different.

Hija de la Fortuna by Isabel Allende. I've been slowly making my way through Allende's works in Spanish, and so far haven't been disappointed. 
Mr. Mercedes. Longish book.
I listen to audiobooks every day at work, so I'm using this vacation as a break from books. 
Finishing Paul Beatty's _The Sellout_, Jack Reacher novel _Echo Burning_, Agatha Christie _Elephants Can Remember_. May start _East of Eden_.
Probably begin The Sun Also Rises by Hemingway. It was just finals week so I read a shortie- The Old Man and The Sea. Great short read!
I picked up Find Her by Lisa Gardner yesterday, intending to read it over the long weekend. I absolutely devoured it and ended up finishing it last night before bed. If anyone likes dark, fast paced thrillers i'd recommend it!
I'll have to find something else for this weekend... 
I've just transitioned to an office job from retail so I can finally listen to audiobooks the entire time I'm working. I picked up the graphic audio versions of Brandon Sanderson's Mistborn series and plan to listen to those. I had previously started the Stormlight Archive series but they are not close to done with that so I would rather start Mistborn and go back to Stormlight later. 
[Sign at a bookstore](http://i.imgur.com/1rxIrmm.png)
http://i.imgur.com/cwQW8Ab.jpg
My Spineless copy of The Princess Bride 
Well, you could go to your "Manage your Content & Devices" from Your Account Page, then in the Settings Tab, Change the Country, but you'll need to supply a line of Address. After which I think you should be able to buy.

I recall, my account was originally the US one, now changed to my respective country.

EDIT: Don't forget to change your country back.
I just received a book from Amazon UK I live in US. Try again.

Enjoy the ride, everything makes sense later.  
Consider you are in chapter 20 of 127, page 47 of 236 (at least in my copy); always trust in Vonnegut, he delivers.
Ride it out. There are threads that you won't see connected until much later in the book. Is this your first Vonnegut book? It might be a tough one to use as an entry point, but good luck! It's all great!
Wow, what a coincidence, I only just finished reading it tonight!

Its a goodun
It's part of the charm of Vonnegut once you get used to it.  Yep just go along for the ride and enjoy his mind.
Everything connects in the end and the early confusion and ambiguity is part of the story. It all pretty much synthesizes in the last few chapters but it synthesizes well and it is worth it. Don't give up! :)
Just read it. It will make sense.
OP I think you need to read more. There's no shortage of love stories with male protagonists in classic literature. 
>love is still an incredibly fundamental emotion and so I'm surprised that no great writer has not written a great love story from a man's perspective.

I'm confused by the double negative... are you really saying no great writer has ever written a love story from a man's perspective???
There are a lot of love stories where the protagonist is a man. 

Are you saying a cliche'd romance story, like a bodice ripper where the main character is male? 
Lots of great novels have a man's love at their core. *The Great Gatsby* is the most obvious one I can think of... but how about Levin's long journey to love in *Anna Karenina*? Pip's in *Great Expectations*? David's in *David Copperfield*? And, while I'm travelling backwards in time, Darcy in *Pride and Prejudice*? Tom in *Tom Jones*?
I like a side of love with my stories, not the whole entree.

That said I'm almost exclusively a scifi reader.

I think the Red Rising trilogy by our own Pierce Brown does a damn good job of creating a real and complex love story. The book isn't just about love, but it is a theme that runs throughout the book which dictates the main character's motivation in very intricate ways.

There just happens to be a lot of blood, guts and space battles as well. 
What about a western from a horses perspective. 
I loved Sentimental Education. 
There's Tender Is the Night by Scott Fitzgerald. 
Cyrano de Bergerac
*11/22/63*
I'd read a love story where everyone was a man :D
You think if you wrote one, it'd be the first?

You think that?

read more, I guess.
Isn't that what every other genre is? 
Others are right in pointing out that there are plenty of books like this, they just aren't *called* romances... But I'd totally read a straight-up Mills & Boon Regency Romance  told from a male POV.
I've read a lot of romance novels (guilty pleasure) and there are definitely some that are mostly from a male perspective. 

Off the top of my head, one mainstream novel with a love story that has a male protagonist is The Time Traveler's Wife.
Of course I would. There are lots of amazing stories out there about men who want to fall in love. Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore and The Rosie Project are two modern books that come to mind. The Night Circus also dealt with the romantic feelings of men. And if you mean a grand, sweeping Pride and Prejudice-esq romance from a man's perspective...then yes, I'd read that. Lisa Kleypas's romance books also frequently have *many* chapters (almost half of them) dedicated to the man's POV.
I've read and thoroughly enjoyed *The Rosie Project*, whose protagonist is male.
I thoroughly enjoy love stories where the man is the protagonist. I'm a female, I just find it interesting to read from that perspective 
I would read it... if I read.
Is it like the drop cap series where they completely skimp on the materials –- all of the materials?

Glued binding on a 26 dollar hardback? Get fucked Penguin. Get fucked.

That is a very attractive boxed set!
I just ordered this for my store so I'm interested in reading these comments.  My booksellers & I are having a discussion about whether The Once and Future King should be considered sci-fi; otherwise, it really is a cool set.  I also ordered the Penguin orange classics and am bundling those to sell as a set.  Thanks for the discussion.
Dope! Was it the AMA that inspired you? Were you able to remove the sticker from Arthur C Clarke?
nice! how much monies?
How's it compare to Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? Or any other PKD stuff?
Why do the titles read from the bottom up?!  I was just about to instantly go buy this but it would just look so wrong on my bookshelf :P
The Penguin Pocket Paperback 70 Year box set just arrived at my house!!!  I want to get this Galaxy set soon, the plastic orange case it comes in, how sturdy is it? is it bendable?
Whoa. I assumed this would be cloth bound. Sucks for the price. Thanks for sharing the images. I'm definitely not buying this.
I really enjoyed A Series of Unfortunate Events as a kid.  I don't remember the exact age I started them, but I think I was around 10, and we listened to the first couple on audiobook on a family car trip with my younger siblings.
The Phantom Tollbooth
Inkheart, and all of her other books (the author's name is escaping me). They are filled with magic, adventure, and heroism that is just so so fun.
The Belgariad series by David Eddings - 12 books, starting with "Pawn of Prophecy". Got my kids reading chapter books with these - and my brother years ago, too.  Fantasy along the lines of Lord of the Rings - but much lighter in both writing style and tone.
* Inkspell by Cornelia Funke
* Incarceron by Catherine Fisher
* Lockdown: Escape from Furnace by Alexander Gordon Smith
* The Keys to the Kingdom by Garth Nix
* Everlost by Neal Shutterman
* A Wrinkle in Time by Madeleine L'Engle
[deleted]
The Thief by Megan Whalen Turner

The Prydain books by Lloyd Alexander

The Dark is Rising by Susan Cooper

The Merlin Conspiracy (and really, anything by Diana Wynne Jones)
Alex Rider series was good. The Giver was another favorite. Someone else has mentioned this already, but The Hatchet is good as well.

One of my favorite things when I was around that age was to transition to me reading to my mom. This allowed me to practice reading while still being able to enjoy sharing the stories/moment with my mom. This did slowly transition me into reading on my own but I still love to discuss books with her.
I really enjoyed Where the Red Fern Grows. I remember reading it in about grade 4 or 5. It's a sad story, but a really good read.
Holes by Louis Sachar is a must read.
Gulliver's Travels were always a favorite of mine as a kid.  Another was Dr. Doolittle. I have fond memories of my parents reading the former to me as a child, while I remember my grandmother reading the latter to me while on vacation.
I remember that I really liked some [Gordon Korman](http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/2130.Gordon_Korman) books when I was that age or a little older.  

I also read and loved a bunch of Choose your own adventure books.  
Rick Riordan's series. Percy Jackson, Magnus Chase, Heroes of Olympus
The Rangers Apprentice series is really good I got into them around that age and I've occasionally gone back to read them and they still hold up and appeal to my Rouge side.
Arthur Ransom's Swallows and Amazon series (adventurous, sailing siblings), Pippi Longstocking (go for an older translation), Madeleine L'Engle's A Wrinkle In Time, CS Lewis Narnia series, Mary Norton's The Borrowers.
Probably closer to 12 than 10, but I think Kate Milford's Greenglass House is absolutely lovely, just like Kevin Sands' The Blackthorn Key. Both have death in them, the second one is about solving a conspiracy and all, but once he will be able to handle that, I would give them a shot. 
The Hounds of the Morrigan by Pat O'Shea is an AMAZING book that nobody seems to know about. I found it by chance when I was about 10 and fell completely in love with it. It's a bit dense but really worth the time.
The Secret World of Og by Pierre Berton. 

I have bought this book for my nephews, for them to enjoy when they get old enough. It's mystery, adventure, and strong family ties.
You can never go wrong with rangers apprentice!  They are written by John Flanagan and are a fantastic read.  
I highly recommend the *[MT Anderson's Thrilling Tales](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M._T._Anderson's_Thrilling_Tales)* series (they might've rebranded it to "Pals in Peril" since I first read) - the first book is called *Whales on Stilts!*. Not quite as literary as Harry Potter, etc., but it's a hilarious and clever series that has things for both you and your kid to appreciate. Each book satirizes (to an extent) a different category of genre fare - i.e. Hardy Boys-type mysteries, pulpy adventure stories, etc. It's very self aware and fun reading. I read them around age 11 or 12 and loved them (disclaimer: only the first three books were out then, and I never got around to catching up on the rest, but the first three were wonderful). They aren't quite as well known, but I highly reccomend them. I always felt like they shoulda been the next "Series Of Unfortunate Events" that never quite took off. 

Edit: *His Dark Materials* is also a fantastic and well regarded trilogy, if your son likes fantasy. 
When I was that age I loved the Hatchet books by Gary Paulsen and was reading pretty much everything written by Roald Dahl. 

I also enjoyed The Wind In The Willows as well as the Redwall series by Brian Jacques. 
Gregor the overlander
Leaven thump series

Harriet the Spy. 
I loved the Nancy Drew mysteries at that age!
The Oz series by L Frank Baum I think. But Oz is classic, my favorite was The Lost Princess of Oz.
A Wrinkle in Time. I loved that book along with the rest of the series when I was 10. 
Dragon Rider by Cornelia Funke. 

All of Enid Blyton's books (Malory Towers, St. Clare's, The Magic Wishing Chair, The Naughtiest Girl, The Magic Faraway Tree—all wonderful series). 

The Secret Garden and The Little Princess by Frances Hodgson Burnett. 

Pippi Longstocking by Astrid Lindgren. 

A Series of Unfortunate Events by Lemony Snicket. 

The Little House on the Prairie series by Laura Ingalls Wilder. 

Charlotte's Web by E.B. White. 

The Amelia Bedelia books by Peggy Parish.

Mrs. Piggle-Wiggle by Betty MacDonald. 

The Boxcar Children series. 

Chasing Redbird and Ruby Holler by Sharon Creech. 

Island of the Blue Dolphins by Scott O'Dell. 

Flipped by Wendelin van Draanen. 

The Sammy Keyes series by Wendelin van Draanen. 

The Virals series by Kathy and Brendan Reichs. 

The Percy Jackson series by Rick Riordan. 

Pictures of Hollis Woods by Patricia Reilly Giff. 

Esperanza Rising by Pam Muñoz Ryan. 

All of Gail Carson Levine's books, such as Ella Enchanted, The Two Princesses of Bamarre, The Wish, Fairest. 

Princess Academy by Shannon Hale. 

The Inkheart series by Cornelia Funke. 

The School for Good and Evil trilogy by Soman Chainani. 

The Frog Princess series by E.D. Baker. 

The Alex Ryder series by Anthony Horowitz. 

The Bliss Bakery trilogy by Kathryn Littlewood. 

The Outsiders by S.E. Hinton. 

I hope this helps! I was a voracious reader growing up (still am, in fact) and these are all books I adored. They're all wonderful for boys and girls alike. I included a mix of some newer series with some older ones, plus some award-winning books mixed with just some non-award-winning-but-still-awesome books.
I absolutely loved the Skulduggery Pleasant and Hunger Games books (especially the first one) at around about that age. And when he grows a bit older then the Gone series is definitely recommended.
The Percy Jackson series is a lot of fun to read
*The Great Brain* by John D. Fitzgerald.  There is a whole autobiographical series.  You'll probably enjoy it yourself.
If he liked Harry Potter he might also enjoy Whispering to Witches by Anna Dale.
For classic fantasy: Golden Compass, Narnia, the book thief, Watership down. Watership Down is a personal fave, reccing it hard 

Oh and Treasure Island
The Secret Garden
Stewart Little and all the beatrix potter books (still some of my all time favourites, the pie and the patty pan is sublime and hilarious)
Of course this is our last chance to finish all of LOTR.
St this age I started on Tarzan Edgar Rice Burroughs) Heinlein, all my dads sci/fi paperbacks.  But we still bonded because I'd ask him for definitions of words.


The Wee Free Men and/or The Amazing Maurice and His Educated Rodents by Terry Pratchett.
The Boxcar Kids
A Series of Unfortunate Events
my Side of the Mountain
The Giver
All the series by K. A. Applegate. Animorphs and Everworld, especially! 
The Mysteries Benedict Society series  
* Piers Anthony's Xanth novels
* Robert Aspirin's Myth novels
* Terry Brooks' Shannara novels
A wrinkle in time; 
Witch of Blackberry Pond; 
Harry Potter; 
Kim by Rudyard Kipling; 
Aeronauts windlass (jim butcher);
Hunger Games;


I loved the Goosebumps books at that age.

I'm not sure how much a boy would like them but I loved the protector of the small series and the song of the lioness series (maybe wait a bit longer for this series) by Tamora Pierce.
Seconding A Series of Unfortunate Events. 
MAGYC by Angie Sage (the rest of the series is good also if you end up liking it!) 
Anything by Andrew Clements (A personal favorite was A Week in the Woods) 

The chronicles of Narnia are good for around that age.
Giving he is a boy and already knows The Hobbit i think Lord of the Rings is the next cool book :D

Other young adult books:

-Enders Game


-Percy Jackson Series


-Hunger Games


-Eragon Series


-Lord of Flies? maybe a little bit "too" classic :)



I would even say Terry Pratchett would be pretty funny for young adults. 
[removed]
May I ask how you got the job? What is your qualification? I am sure there is one so not anybody can get that job? I work at a library part times so every Bit of bad fiction I get to read has been published. Sadly.
I was most captured by:
"...a man who procrastinates in his CHOOSING will inevitably have his choice made for him by circumstance."

Motivating and thought-provoking read. 
"But beware of looking for goals: look for a way of life. Decide how you want to live and then see what you can do to make a living WITHIN that way of life. "
My favorite excerpt:
*"[N]o one HAS to do something he doesn’t want to do for the rest of his life. But then again, if that’s what you wind up doing, by all means convince yourself that you HAD to do it. You’ll have lots of company."*
"In short, he has not dedicated his life to reaching a pre-defined goal, but he has rather chosen a way of life he KNOWS he will enjoy."

My favorite part! I try to tell myself everything I do in life is just something to occupy my time and maintain happiness. 
Impressive that he had that figured out at 22.
That was amazing. I never really fully read on Reddit. I kind of gloss over things. Not sure what it was about this letter, but I just read the whole thing and it was filling and clear, I feel better for reading it, but then it just ended...and I want more. I have never read any Hunter S. Thompson. I will now.
Finally came around to reading it. Geez! I needed that. Thanks OP
In summary:  you MUST choose (sooner rather than later) to either change yourself to suit your goals, or change your goals to suit yourself.  Not making this decision leaves you at time's bitter mercy.  
Saved for later. 
For those who dont want to visit the website...


Dear Hume,

You ask advice: ah, what a very human and very dangerous thing to do! For to give advice to a man who asks what to do with his life implies something very close to egomania. To presume to point a man to the right and ultimate goal — to point with a trembling finger in the RIGHT direction is something only a fool would take upon himself.

I am not a fool, but I respect your sincerity in asking my advice. I ask you though, in listening to what I say, to remember that all advice can only be a product of the man who gives it. What is truth to one may be disaster to another. I do not see life through your eyes, nor you through mine. If I were to attempt to give you specific advice, it would be too much like the blind leading the blind.

“To be, or not to be: that is the question: Whether ’tis nobler in the mind to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, or to take arms against a sea of troubles … ” (Shakespeare)

And indeed, that IS the question: whether to float with the tide, or to swim for a goal. It is a choice we must all make consciously or unconsciously at one time in our lives. So few people understand this! Think of any decision you’ve ever made which had a bearing on your future: I may be wrong, but I don’t see how it could have been anything but a choice however indirect — between the two things I’ve mentioned: the floating or the swimming.

But why not float if you have no goal? That is another question. It is unquestionably better to enjoy the floating than to swim in uncertainty. So how does a man find a goal? Not a castle in the stars, but a real and tangible thing. How can a man be sure he’s not after the “big rock candy mountain,” the enticing sugar-candy goal that has little taste and no substance?

The answer — and, in a sense, the tragedy of life — is that we seek to understand the goal and not the man. We set up a goal which demands of us certain things: and we do these things. We adjust to the demands of a concept which CANNOT be valid. When you were young, let us say that you wanted to be a fireman. I feel reasonably safe in saying that you no longer want to be a fireman. Why? Because your perspective has changed. It’s not the fireman who has changed, but you. Every man is the sum total of his reactions to experience. As your experiences differ and multiply, you become a different man, and hence your perspective changes. This goes on and on. Every reaction is a learning process; every significant experience alters your perspective.

So it would seem foolish, would it not, to adjust our lives to the demands of a goal we see from a different angle every day? How could we ever hope to accomplish anything other than galloping neurosis?

The answer, then, must not deal with goals at all, or not with tangible goals, anyway. It would take reams of paper to develop this subject to fulfillment. God only knows how many books have been written on “the meaning of man” and that sort of thing, and god only knows how many people have pondered the subject. (I use the term “god only knows” purely as an expression.) There’s very little sense in my trying to give it up to you in the proverbial nutshell, because I’m the first to admit my absolute lack of qualifications for reducing the meaning of life to one or two paragraphs.

I’m going to steer clear of the word “existentialism,” but you might keep it in mind as a key of sorts. You might also try something called “Being and Nothingness” by Jean-Paul Sartre, and another little thing called “Existentialism: From Dostoyevsky to Sartre.” These are merely suggestions. If you’re genuinely satisfied with what you are and what you’re doing, then give those books a wide berth. (Let sleeping dogs lie.) But back to the answer. As I said, to put our faith in tangible goals would seem to be, at best, unwise. So we do not strive to be firemen, we do not strive to be bankers, nor policemen, nor doctors.WE STRIVE TO BE OURSELVES.

But don’t misunderstand me. I don’t mean that we can’t BE firemen, bankers, or doctors — but that we must make the goal conform to the individual, rather than make the individual conform to the goal. In every man, heredity and environment have combined to produce a creature of certain abilities and desires — including a deeply ingrained need to function in such a way that his life will be MEANINGFUL. A man has to BE something; he has to matter.

As I see it then, the formula runs something like this: a man must choose a path which will let his ABILITIES function at maximum efficiency toward the gratification of his DESIRES. In doing this, he is fulfilling a need (giving himself identity by functioning in a set pattern toward a set goal), he avoids frustrating his potential (choosing a path which puts no limit on his self-development), and he avoids the terror of seeing his goal wilt or lose its charm as he draws closer to it (rather than bending himself to meet the demands of that which he seeks, he has bent his goal to conform to his own abilities and desires).

In short, he has not dedicated his life to reaching a pre-defined goal, but he has rather chosen a way of life he KNOWS he will enjoy. The goal is absolutely secondary: it is the functioning toward the goal which is important. And it seems almost ridiculous to say that a man MUST function in a pattern of his own choosing; for to let another man define your own goals is to give up one of the most meaningful aspects of life — the definitive act of will which makes a man an individual.

Let’s assume that you think you have a choice of eight paths to follow (all pre-defined paths, of course). And let’s assume that you can’t see any real purpose in any of the eight. THEN — and here is the essence of all I’ve said — you MUST FIND A NINTH PATH.

Naturally, it isn’t as easy as it sounds. You’ve lived a relatively narrow life, a vertical rather than a horizontal existence. So it isn’t any too difficult to understand why you seem to feel the way you do. But a man who procrastinates in his CHOOSING will inevitably have his choice made for him by circumstance.

So if you now number yourself among the disenchanted, then you have no choice but to accept things as they are, or to seriously seek something else. But beware of looking for goals: look for a way of life. Decide how you want to live and then see what you can do to make a living WITHIN that way of life. But you say, “I don’t know where to look; I don’t know what to look for.”

And there’s the crux. Is it worth giving up what I have to look for something better? I don’t know — is it? Who can make that decision but you? But even by DECIDING TO LOOK, you go a long way toward making the choice.

If I don’t call this to a halt, I’m going to find myself writing a book. I hope it’s not as confusing as it looks at first glance. Keep in mind, of course, that this is MY WAY of looking at things. I happen to think that it’s pretty generally applicable, but you may not. Each of us has to create our own credo — this merely happens to be mine.

If any part of it doesn’t seem to make sense, by all means call it to my attention. I’m not trying to send you out “on the road” in search of Valhalla, but merely pointing out that it is not necessary to accept the choices handed down to you by life as you know it. There is more to it than that — no one HAS to do something he doesn’t want to do for the rest of his life. But then again, if that’s what you wind up doing, by all means convince yourself that you HAD to do it. You’ll have lots of company.

And that’s it for now. Until I hear from you again, I remain,

Your friend,
Hunter
My favorite quote from this was, "It is unquestionably better to enjoy the floating than to swim in uncertainty." I struggle with feeling stagnant, like each day that passes is another assault against the grand visions I once had for my future. Somehow, I'm seemingly never able to live up to my own expectations. This letter helped solidify the idea that it is okay to "float," to accept life and my current perspective as being ever changing and to, from this moment, enjoy the ride and to make my life more horizontal, rather than impossibly vertical. 
"but that we must make the goal conform to the individual, rather than make the individual conform to the goal."

Oooh. Good reminder.
Thank you for sharing this.  Everything he wrote is an accurate reflection of where my life is currently.  Hopefully I will take it to heart! 
I love HST and I think this is beautiful advice. I've passed this on to my kids who are about to have to start making some of these decisions. Hell, I'm in my 40s and _I_ got something from it.

That said, my God, the pretentiousness of that opening paragraph! It's like he sat down with the goal of sounding like he was writing the Declaration of Independence. No "Hey Hume! Thanks for writing!", but "forsooth and alas, dear friend with whom I quaffed ales plentifully this past moon".
Decades ago, when I was about Thompson's age, I read the referenced work *Being in Nothingness* and most of Ayn Rand's novels and came away with at least a footing for looking at life.

In my case, for the most part, I took the road most travelled. The readings gave me a kind of confidence to do so. I didn't feel a need to find a nonconformist path, but when I did, I took that too and also with confidence.
While reading, I could help but ask myself, "Exactly how much peyote has this man done, and why haven't I done the same?" 
I love how he told him that if he was happy, he might want to stay away from the existential literature. That has been my experience as well.
This is, quite possibly, the most meaningful literature that I have ever read.

Thank you, Hunter.

May you rest in eternal peace.
Man, Thompson was a crazy, brilliant bastard.


There's some real wisdom here. Great read.
This hit me pretty profoundly:

So we do not strive to be firemen, we do not strive to be bankers, nor policemen, nor doctors.WE STRIVE TO BE OURSELVES.

Does it still apply today? Sadly, I don't completely believe it does. 
I wonder what he would say about people who felt like they had a calling? Not necessarily that they felt that they "had" to do it,but that they were destined for it. 
I don't entirely agree or disagree. At one point, setting a goal and striving, with fanatical devotion, is the only way ANYONE has made themselves into what humanity would collectively call "great". Yet, many who do take the route of goal striving either fail because of their lack of effort or lack of ability; the old college athlete who reminisces of the good old days. 

On the other hand, setting your own path is only truly viable for those who already possess the abilities and mental fortitude to succeed at whatever their heart desires to do (think of a multi-talented Da Vinci sort of man). Blazing a trail with no knowledge of how to survive will leave you dead or crawling back to the predefined trails which you wanted to avoid.

What is the solution? Try and fail. Perhaps you may be the one in ten thousand that make it to true mastery of a sport or art; but if not, do your best to recover and try something else. Floating through life without a goal seems like an easy way to build apathy and depression. If you continually strive and fail, at least at the end of your life you can say that you experienced more than most during their time on earth.
I couldn't *not* hear Johnny Depps voice in my head while reading this.
Although I'd usually be wary of a guy who snorts cocaine for breakfast this letter is pretty good and has some nice moments of wisdom in there
OP thank you so much for posting this.
if you dont remember th article at all after reading or were just too lazy , just remember this quote .

"but that we must make the goal conform to the individual, rather than make the individual conform to the goal"
If any of you like this letter, I'd highly recommend The Proud Highway It's a compilation of letters HST sent to all sorts of notable people.

EDIT: Removed amazon link because bot told me so.
> 1. And indeed, that IS the question: whether to float with the tide, or to swim for a goal.

>2. But why not float if you have no goal? 

>3. A man who procrastinates in his CHOOSING will inevitably have his choice made for him by circumstance.

When it comes to what you do with your life, the path of least resistance often results in the least fulfilling outcome.



needed to read this
Maybe I missed something, but I think his point on conforming the goal to the individual os a bit weak. It does make sense, but it also assumes some very good knowledge of one's own abilities and character.

People misjudge themselves all the time and their abilities grow thrpughout their lives and their strengths may be context-dependent.

I'm not saying that you shouldn't try to choose a goal based on your abilities, but rather that the purpose of life might be so confusing because the obscurity of a goal is tied up with confusion about who we are.
By far the best F'ing post and responses I've seen on Reddit...  
I can not upvote this or share it enough. Everbody could benefit in some small or significant way by giving this a fully thought out read.   The man really was ahead of his time.

But to me the most amazing part of it is to think he wrote this at an age where most of us are still finding ourselves and  are more worried about trivial things. Hunter already had well fleshed out idea on what life means and how to go about making the most out of it.    

For once the real lpt is in the article not the comments.  Everybody give it a read instead trying to scrape it together from the comments its worth it.

Tldr: do yourself a favor and read the source article/letter with an open mind.

Edit: corrected some spelling and word placement errors.
What a good thing to read on a Friday morning

>There is more to it than that — no one HAS to do something he doesn’t want to do for the rest of his life. But then again, if that’s what you wind up doing, by all means convince yourself that you HAD to do it. 
A great read!
Sally Loved Football Players
This was an amazing read 
That was really powerful
This is exactly what I needed today.  Thank you. 
Absolutely a great read.   The struggle to "be you" is real...   I also dig Twains quote about the two most important days of your life...kind of puts you in that place of awe about this trippy ass life we live. 
Float, or swim. You decide, or it will be chosen for you.
I love Thompson and his style of bringing information to the human race. This article was beyond powerful, after reading it, I sent it to every one of my contacts in my phone. 
i did the same reading he suggests in my teens and i couldn't agree more.  i may not be rich but i sure am happy, for the most part. not that the reading has anything to do with that.   
>I ask you though, in listening to what I say, to remember that all advice can only be a product of the man who gives it. What is truth to one may be disaster to another. I do not see life through your eyes, nor you through mine. If I were to attempt to give you specific advice, it would be too much like the blind leading the blind.



People are so quit to judge, to give blind advice. To tell people what they'd do if they were in their shoes. Everything from money, jobs, relationships. 
I'm in my mid-30's and still find myself lost at things. But the one thing I'm starting to realize is how naive and ignorant we are outside our own little worlds. It's so easy to blame someone else for our troubles...for the poor advice...when we are really the only ones to blame.
A friend sent me the letter shortly after I broke up with my ex, it made me cry, but it made me feel confidence that life was gonna be better, i just had to start making decisions
Dope read. I feel like I do a good job of this. I love my life. It's free of obligation. It revolves around freedom and the choice of what I want to do. I've been bouncing around all over the place and experiencing many different perspectives of life. It feels really liberating! I see negative consequences as road signs, pointing me towards another direction. And while I may not be moving very fast, my peace of mind lives.
This just changed my life, thanks Reddit.
Can someone explain the significance of Hunter S. Thompson? Interesting read... Very smart and aware man for a 22 year old.
So basically, it's all about the journey, not the destination.  

I dig it.  
Damn I have a whole new appreciation for Hunter. This whole time I just thought of him like a drugged out dude seeing lizard people.
this article gets re-posted every month
Outstanding read.  Thank you!

You might way to post over in /r/FindAPath 
The thumbnail is my avatar around most of the internet. I just got really freaked out for a second.
Is it a coincidence that I saw this on the same day I finally paid off my student loans? I think not.
— and, in a sense, the tragedy of life — is that we seek to understand the goal and not the man. 
Something simple and easily over looked
This sings to a lot of my peers right now.  So many of us try to find a career instead of trying to find ourselves.
Kind of reminds of that quote:

"If you don't have a life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's, and do you know what they've planned for you? Not much."
"Decide how you want to live and then see what you can do to make a living WITHIN that way of life"

I think many of us were taught to act opposite of this, myself included.
So did he ever end up writing a book about this after all?
That was great! Thanks for sharing!
One of the great minds of our generation

Rip
I chose the life of drugs, and i was able to change that into another life, a sober life, and Im happy either way sober or drugged , so in a sense i am not addicted i have control of what i want to be. and how i want to feel. 
And he wrote it aged 22. 
This is one of the most inspiring, concise accounts of life I have read. Hunter S. Thompson never ceases to amaze. 
Didn't Steve Martin cover this topic in The Jerk?
I absolutely love that 
This is excellent
Can anyone help me find a free pdf of the two books mentioned in the letter? (Being and nothingness/ Existentialism from Dostoevsky to Sartre) 

I've been looking for hours. All I could find is reviews. I can't buy books online because..I live in a shitty country.

If it helps, "Being and Nothingness" by Jean Paul Sartre was translated from French by Hazel E. Barnes.

Thanks!
I stopped trying to read it as soon as the 'like us on Facebook' shit popped up.
Can't help but see the irony in this... On many interviews he's said that he ultimately became a writer because "it's all that paid" him. I wonder if he considers himself among the company of those who feel they "have" to do something for the rest of their lives; and if so, what would he have preferred to do, if anything? Feel like he's "floating," but I can't tell if he even considers a floater's quality of life any different from that of a swimmer.
"(I use the term “god only knows” purely as an expression.)"


I haven't picked up a Thompson book yet. Where should I start?
YES YES YES 
Thank u for posting this. I just made a major decision/change in my life and it was stupidly relevant... put me at ease about the decision made. Can't thank u enough as this came at the perfect time!
After floating for so long and making a choice to swim, it's amazing how weak our muscles are from their lack of use. Also, while swimming, it's amazing how many things get in our way compared to when we were just floating. Also, after swimming, can you ever really go back to floating again? 
I stopped reading because he said "what is success to one man might disaster to another.". So taking him at his word, I guess.
Holy shit, my feels. 
Fascinating. I don't know if I could have given that nuanced of a perspective at the age of 22.
I couldn't even get my head out of my ass when I was twenty let alone think for myself. 
This will forever make front page every 3 months or so.
I am graduating from college in less than a month. This resonated. A lot. What a fucking teller of truth
I haven't even read the piece yet but this is some of the most interesting commentary I've come across on Reddit. Thanks guys :-)
Should be cross posted to /r/getmotivated
Age 22.

What's happened to us?
So pretty much A Blessing Ignored Will Become A Curse -Paulo
I never heard of Hunter S Thompson but I thoroughly enjoyed reading his letter.
...and then he shot himself.
As a 36 year old man who has been a fan of HST since my early 20's, the thing in this piece that I particularly enjoy is the strange balance between his incredible, beyond-his-years wisdom with that 22 year old swagger. I like to think that the elder Hunter used to look back at this and feel a tad embarrassed with his overly confident, early 20's style, yet completely satisfied with the overall message. Damn, I'm glad you posted this. HST really helped me get through the Bush years. Looks like I'm going to need his wisdom for the next four. 
What a wonderful read at a time of uncertainty. 
Amazing letter. Thank you. This is EXACTLY what I've been dealing with in my own life lately. Just left a well paying job/career I ended up hating, and I want to move into what essentially is the exact opposite way of life. I'm about two steps past where the two paths diverged in the woods - and it takes a tremendous amount of courage to continue down that path towards the unknown, rather than stay on the safe, well trodden path I was on. Hunter is right, finding the way of life that suits you, and then building yourself up WITHIN that way of life to be successful is the path to true happiness. I'm hopefully headed in that direction, albeit  slowly, and with faltering footsteps.
Just had a review for my job today, then I saw this. Sort of feels like there is a clear direction to move in. Thanks Hunter
He talked alot but didnt say a fucking thing.
All around answer. Floater, or swimmer... I'm floater, but sometimes it is shameful in the society of swimmers. 
Eckhart Tolle pretty much said the same exact thing in "A New Earth" I'd like to add that these nuggets of wisdom aren't just esoteric, but so many buddhists already think the same way.
I read the whole letter in Johnny Depp's voice
Weird that it goes straight from pretty generic typical statements into existentialism. I have a degree in philosophy (partly because of his advice, I wanted to find who *I* was). Existentialism was a primary focus because I find it so interesting. Jean-Paul Sartre is personally my favorite philosopher. To clarify- this is because of his identity and spirit rather than the soundness of his philosophy. I have spent a lot of time reading books by him and the other related thinkers (Camus, Nietzsche, I even own a copy of Existentialism from Dostoevsky to Sartre), but what he's saying really jibs with Hesse. Hermann Hesse wrote Steppenwolf, and Siddhartha, among others. But the theme of his books is always the same, as said in the prologue of *Demian*:



*I wanted only to live in accordance with the promptings that came from my true self. Why was that so very difficult?*



I really have always enjoyed Hermann Hesse even if sometimes he manages to throw me into spiritual turmoil. His writing is straightforward, his characters largely rigid and archetypal, it's *very* anglo-saxon, but the themes really do try and bridge the gap between eastern and western spirituality. I find that topic very interesting because there is always such a divide between the mysticism and spirituality of Taoism or Zen Buddhism and western beliefs and guiding principles of science and Catholicism. It took me approximately 15 years of exploring this realm of thinking and spiritualizing(and reading a ton and a degree in philosophy) before I can comfortably say I "am" myself and am happy. My religion IS this, my beliefs ARE this. Authenticity of spirit is very close to the core of my being. 

It's not surprise that Hunter also tended this direction in his youth. I love his writing, and sorely miss him. I wish he was alive today to excoriate the Trump presidency. Or not, as the case may be. 
I still don't know what my purpose is :/
FINLAND: I wish I was in Finland.
My favorite part of reading a 22 year old pontificate about how much he knows about life is doing it every 2 months when this gets reposted.
Just found this link to pics of the letter (or so it's claimed): http://imgur.com/a/3pSTW
Thompson is overrated. 
"Jesus Hunter. TLDR."
> For to give advice to a man who asks what to do with his life implies something very close to egomania. To presume to point a man to the right and ultimate goal — to point with a trembling finger in the RIGHT direction is something only a fool would take upon himself.

One of the best quotes ever.
I... I suppose I should thank you. I used to idolize the man for his courage, now I realize that he was just an idiot. I thought somehow that he had access to some kind of truth that I just couldn't see, now I know that he was profoundly lost and that his writings were nothing more than the ramblings of a madman.

I guess that's what I get for thinking someone had actually figured shit out. 

I can see it clearly now: madness masquerading as truth...

I can't believe I bought into his bullshit for so long...
His words are powerful, dangerous, and reckless.
Time for a re-evaluation of a few core precepts I guess.

Thanks again. Sincerely.
Let's be honest here...the dude was a damn mess.  The ONLY reason he became famous was because of the culture around him.  Put him in any other decade and he ends up being just another wash out.  Live how you want to live is cool and all, until you end up alone in rehab.
Honestly I'm not impressed by this. I'm a huge HST fan and this is far from his zany and subversive best.
Didn't this guy off himself?
I guess he really liked Mad Max: Fury Road
Sooo.... you're saying I should be a fireman?
So sexist. Refers to people as "Men"  ugh have you even heard of Caitlyn Jenner or Bernie Sanders?  Typical white cis-gendered scum
>The goal is to make one of these each year so that I can track my reading.

I started tracking all the books I read back in about 2008. The motivation was hearing an interview with Art Garfunkle, where he mentioned keeping such a list. 

I average maybe 2 books a week, including audiobooks (longish commute and I can listen to something about half my workday).

But here's the interesting thing: about a year ago, I suddenly started recalling hundreds and hundreds of books that I'd read before 2008. Nothing dramatic or unusual triggered this recall. But it was almost overwhelming. i'd br drifting off to sleep and start remembering dozens of books I'd read decades ago, back in junior high and even elementary school. so I'd have to turn on the lamp and add a few more books to my list. in total, I added about 500 books to the list, titles I hadn't remembered in decades. susan cooper's *dark is rising* series, andre norton books, old paperback reprints of H.P. Lovecraft and The Shadow.... 

it was amazing that my brain could somehow have filed away so much information that I'd forgotten, and then recall with such vivid accuracy after so many years. 
i dont know about you but i love reading but after like the 2nd, 3rd, i lose interest then a few weeks a month later I find it again
Great job! Some random tips:

1. Don't forget about the library. They'll let you read books for free and the ritual of picking up and returning books can help ensure that you always have something to read handy. I also end up picking up extra books while browsing and just causing my to-read list to grow. 

2. Keeping a list is great. I keep mine on Good Reads now which is a neat site for keeping track of what you're reading and what you want to read. My to-read list is around 500 books now. 
Hope you're also shopping on eBay cuz your money will go a long loooong way there
[removed]
Consider using your public library to keep costs down. You can borrow ebooks at most libraries. All you need is a library card, which is usually free.

I suggest you add Adler's "How to Read a Book" to suit you up for reading comprehension and limit yourself to 1 book every two months, tops. 
Heartily recommend this book, one of my favorites from this year, maybe my book of the year
Yup, a great read!!  I did indeed like The Devil all The Time better though, not by much.
I've got one right here. There is an order ID/date, the name and code of the book, and the price. No name.
Order a book for yourself. Then you'll know, and you'll have something to read.
 I was in middle school when this passed - in Colorado Springs. It was so depressing to me, even with my limited knowledge of gay rights at the time. So much has changed, thank goodness!
I hate reading, but I loved Ready Player One. Any books like it? BookOutlet is having a BF sale and I am already ordering Armada. Is there any other good ones written like RPO? They don't have Red Rising nor Snow Crash. Is Scott Pilgrim any good?
I'm looking for a gift suggestion. The reader I'm thinking about really likes stories about the monarchy. She enjoyed Hilary Mantel's Cromwell books as well as the new Netflix show The Crown. What would be an interesting fiction, non-fiction, or historical fiction book related to British monarchy? Thanks!
Any recommendation on a book with similar plot like this:when the girl has to choose between two guys,and one of them is the current boyfriend and the other one is from her past.It should have tragedy tag...like some is killed because jealousy
Any recommendation on a biography of Saladin, the leader of the Muslims during the crusades? I feel that he must have been this great leader, and just want to learn more about him. 
any recommendation on a good mystery book that'll make me get hooked into reading? I'm not really into reading but I just figured out that a good mystery gets me going. Maybe a decent mystery novel/book would open my eyes into the world of books.
any recommendations for an awesome super hero-based book? maybe doesn't necessarily have to be a super hero, just a major hero character. other than that, it just has to be really good! i currently have very limited reading time
I could use some more book recommendations. I like dystopian fiction, true-crime, mystery, and just about anything in between. The last book I read was the 2nd book in Miss Peregine's series. I have the 3rd out right now from the library I am waiting to crack into. I also loved Handmaid's Tale, The Storied Life of A.J Fikry , and The Life We Bury. That should give you an idea of the books I like. Anyone have a recommendation? 
I typically read SciFi/Fantasy. Favorites include The Lies of Locke Lamora, Game of Thrones, etc. I need to shake this kick though. I'd love to find an author or series that does a great job building a world with exciting larger than life characters within some other genre. Any recommendations?
Shadow Country, by Peter Matthiessen, is one of my all-time favorite books, but I've struggled to find something similar (Swamplandia! seemed promising, but the reviews scared me away).

Any recs? I enjoyed the "darkness" of it, along with the setting. I'm also a huge Cormac McCarthy fan, unsurprisingly.
I'm looking for a Christmas gift idea for my father-in-law.  Every Christmas, we give him the first book in a series but we're a bit stumped this year.  Previous titles for series books include **Game of Thrones: A Clash of Kings**, **Eragon**, **Ender's Game**, and **Dune**.  Other books include **The Man in the High Castle**.

Criteria: must be fantasy ~~or science fiction~~, must be a series *that has ended or the final book will be published before he finishes reading the series*, and must be something a man in his late 50's might enjoy (young adult is ok too, just keep in mind he's almost 60).

Edited to add another example.
I'm looking for a good horror novel. Something spooky in the same vein as The Blair Witch Project. Any suggestions?
I just finished Spark by John Twelve Hawks. I also loved his trilogy but I have no idea what to read next that might be similar, recommendations?
I'm looking for fiction books which are somehow related to eating or culinary themes, like **Kitchens of the Great Midwest**. Anyone read something like that?
Hello everyone, new to /r/books here and looking for help picking a new read. Looking for some sort of sci-fi/alternate reality thriller. Preferably something thought provoking with twists that aren't seen coming. Also any underlying philosophical standing points would be great!
Okay, you guys were so great, I'm going to throw out a second request: books that involve a lot of interaction with non-human creatures/animals, like Robin McKinley's Dragonhaven or the Temeraire series. Not interested in elves, fairies, ghosts, etc. Prefer fantasy animals, not just people and their horse/dog/whatever.
I loved the ya books catcher in the rye, the outsiders, perks of being a wallflower, dr birds advice for sad poets, and speak by Laurie Halse Anderson.  I like them because they have something different about them with people that have personal issues to deal with who could be a bit of a loner or bookworm.  What others would I like?
I've been listening to audible a lot while I work, and really enjoying it. I have a new credit to buy a book, but I'm not sure what sort of book I should get. So far I've listened to American Gods(full cast),The Corrections, and American Heiress and thouroughly enjoyed all three.
Orson Scott Card fans: 

What books/series should I read after reading Ender and Alvin series? What's his best work that isn't a part of one of those?
I just discovered Amazon's Prime Reading library and am excited for free ebooks! I generally look for contemporary (and older) classics, and generally well-regarded literature and fiction. When I took a cursory look at the Prime Reading books I didn't see much that looked promising, but I'm probably overlooking stuff. I also enjoy thoughtful science fiction. Any recommendations from folks familiar with Prime Reading selections are much appreciated!


Ok so I've been away from reading for a very long time, but Im looking for some real brain testing philosophy stuff. Wheres a good place to start?
I love long novels, like Infinite Jest, Underworld, Freedom, etc. I also love dystopian novels. Any suggestions? 
I just started reading ***The Time Traveler's Wife*** by Audrey Niffenegger again, for the fourth time. It's my favorite book. 

Recommend me something similar to that: a romance that is sweet yet feels completely organic and real. Doesn't have to be sci-fi.


I really like books such as Room and an Enterprise of Death, sad tale of brothers grosbart.
Anything like that or historical fiction like Philippa Gregory.
xposted to r/books, r/booksuggestions, r/suggestmeabook

&nbsp;

I'm looking for historical fiction or fantasy about transgender or crossdressing characters. Main character can be identified at birth as/present as male or female, makes no difference to me.

&nbsp;

ETA: I am not strong on terminology so this may not be as clear as i wanted. I am looking for characters who are crossdressing to escape gender barriers (example: a woman passing as male in order to enter a monastery and study) or are transgender or intersex in  historical context. I am not interested in anything set in the real world more recently than 1900, and would prefer much older than that, most likely. I am 100% NOT interested in any of the many young adult/romance novels that I can find set recently. This means no Luna, If I Was A Girl, etc.
I like stories about a madman which captures his victims and makes them go through trials. Basically, something like the movies Saw. What can you recommend that is similar?
Just finished Ready Player One a few days ago and loved it. Usually like SciFi/Fantasy, and I want to get back into reading more. Any recommendations? Thanks!
I want to start reading The Lord of The Rings trilogy (or at least start with the first one), but there are so many editions I just wanted to know if there was any significant difference between them and if so which one I should get?

Edit: I just want to add this question: is there any difference in the actual text itself in between versions?
I'm making a Christmas list and want to add some books, as I've begun reading again to ease the stress of college. 
It's a little hard to specifically describe what I'm interested in because I'm open minded but I'll try my best.
First off, I'm interested in any unique poetry or short story books. I really love poetry and short story books because I can causally read them to calm me down when I need to. I really enjoy quirky yet meaningful poetry, like some of the poems in Bo Burnham's Egghead. I'm pretty open-minded for short stories because they all tend to interest me but anything unique would be nice.
I'm also interested in books about anxiety and/or depression. Not necessarily self help books, but books with themes about those two things. I enjoy reading books with characters who have similar struggles as me and I find it somewhat therapeutic. I'm open minded for those books as well, so if there's any very interesting self help books I'll take those as well, but preferably books about people with anxiety and/or depression.
Lastly, any overall quirky or extremely unique books interest me, for example Catch - 22 is something I really consider quirky. 
I know this is a lot but hopefully you guys can work some magic and give me some great suggestions! I'm open minded, and am very interested in what you all have to recommend.
Thanks!
I need some poetry to get into. Preferably love-related but not necessary. Preferably authors from the first half of the 20th century
Also, what are some great presidential biographies/biography-adjacent books? (Also not for me)
Looking for some nonfiction books of survival or exploration. 
I am looking for a historical narrative on the political situation of the Civil War in the United States. 
I'm looking for a book that is epic in terms of scale, something where all events weave into something massive and crazy. Are there any books like that?
Looking for short, philosophical or semi-existential works, a la **Bartleby, the Scrivener** or **The Death of Ivan Ilyich**
I'm looking for a non-fiction book written in an accessible tone—something similar to Sapiens in terms of writing style—about the American branches of Government to any extent. I'm usually a fiction gal, but I'm looking to learn. Appreciate the help!
I am looking for a fiction book about WW2 from the Russian point of view.  I've read, Nightingale, Secrets of a charmed life & All the light we cannot see.  These are from the French, German & British point of view.  I would appreciate any suggestions. 

Thank you!
A short-ish novel with a Raymond Carver-esque voice
I'm looking for good YA fiction (preferably fantasy/mystery/science fiction) that I can give to a tween and that doesn't have a love triangle in it (I do not have the strength istg). Said tween is currently reading Throne of Glass by Sarah J. Maas, and loved Marissa Meyer's Lunar Chronicles.
I finished A Little Life. What other emotionally devastating novels can I read?
I'm looking for suggestions on books about Nuclear warfare. Thanks in advance!
I want to read some non fiction or biographical material. What is your favorite? 
**Satirical/irreverent takes on classic genre fiction - ie HG Wells, pulpy adventure stories, Hardy Boys mysteries, Tom Swift, etc.??** 

When I was younger, the first three books in *[MT Anderson's Thrilling Tales](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M._T._Anderson's_Thrilling_Tales)* series had just come out, and I loved them for their self-aware but affectionate embrace of old genre tropes. Got thinking about them again and wondered if there were any other novels in that vein, perhaps either better known or less geared towards younger readers than that series. 
Just finished Americanah and it broke my heart into a million pieces. So good, so real, so sad.

About to start Zadie Smith's new one, and about halfway through 67 Shots, the book about the Kent State protest shootings. (Seemed timely, perhaps.) 

Everything I've been reading has been great so far.
I've been reading Gone Girl, and it's one of the first books that's actually kept me hooked. I guess I was reading bad books. Hah. 

Anyway, what else would I like that is of a similar genre? I'm not exactly looking for a book that has a similar premise, but I do enjoy the suspenseful "something is going to happen" feel. 

I read at a pretty slow pace so ideally I'd want something that's easy to understand. It's a habit of mine to read a book as if it is a scene in my head, so I don't want to be pulling out a dictionary after every paragraph.


Thanks!
I recently read Jane Austen Pride & Prejudice and really enjoyed it.  Its not a book I would usually go for but I enjoyed it so much I feel like I might be missing out on some really good books. Could someone suggest something along the same lines, either by Jane Austen or someone else.
The recent election has made me fascinated by politicians and their thoughts/actions. I was wondering if anyone knew of a good, fiction book that takes place mainly in a political system. I am looking for something that delves into the thoughts and acts of a politician as they serve in their respective role. Time period isn't a huge deal, but I'd prefer it to take place in the United States, as I live there and have a better understanding of the political system and laws. If anyone has any suggestions I'd love to hear them!
Recommendation request: a horror novel for my 15-year-old nephew. I know he enjoyed Pet Sematary (my birthday gift to him) and I believe he has read some other Stephen King. He's a teeny bit sheltered, so I don't want to get anything his parents will have a cow over. ;)

Thanks for your help!
Any poetry in th vein of Anne Carson/Hilda Doolittle? I really like their blending of modern and classical styles.
Looking for a book that has an anti-hero or villain protagonist, any genre is fine.
Recommendation request: a historical book set in a well-organized metropolis, esp. with a highly perceptive or informed main character, like the The Janissary Tree.

Related request, should I read the rest of the Inspector Yashim books following The Janissary Tree?
What's the best Zadie Smith book to start with? I'm hoping to read one of her books over my upcoming Thanksgiving break and I'm wondering which book of hers to start with. I figured I would start with Swing Time just to be on top of the current lit scene, but I'm tempted to start with White Teeth instead. Anyone have convictions about any of her books?
Recommendation Request:  Fantasy series

I've recently finished almost all of the works from these authors and I'm looking to find another.

Authors I've liked: Patrick Rothfuss, Joe Abercrombie, R.A. Salvatore, Brandon Sanderson (way of kings and stormlight), Terry Pratchet.

I haven't ready any other Sanderson books so that could be an option.  Also I've only read a few of the diskworld books.  I really liked them but I finish them in a week and they're $10 a pop so kinda expensive if I want to finish all 40 of them.
I'm looking for a recommendation for a genre mixture of fantasy and cosmic horror I.e. HP Lovecraft. What I want is something similar to Dark Souls in a novel form. I searched a lot for something like that but was never satisfied. Here is what people recommend:
The name of the wind. Way off of what I want.
The book of new sun. A really good book but not there yet.
Maybe it's a bit too specific but I recently read the Remembrance of earth's past trilogy and I'd like to read something else that covers a long span of time and humanity s collective reaction to something
I'm looking for some good Historical Fiction books to read 
[deleted]
I'm looking for a good fiction book, I'm intentionally making this vague because I'm trying to branch out. 
Also a good non-american biography would be welcome.
Im looking for a fantasy book that is focused on magic/witchcraft. And what i mean by focused on is that the magic in the story is not just a underlying factor... kindof hard to explain.. anyways i would love if the magic in the story was complex in its design and deeply explored. Anyone got any suggestions?
I loved **Empire of the Summer Moon**, **Blood and Thunder**, and to a lesser extent the Jim Bridger bio **Mountain Man** (I think that's what it was called). I'm looking for exciting well written non-fiction. I also enjoyed **Down the Great Unknown** and **The Emerald Mile** both about the Colorado River. 
I enjoy mostly YA fiction (fantasy enjoyed, not required), but I think I like these because they are easy to get into and the plot thickens quickly. I don't like predictable set ups (I think I'm reading too much of the same stuff). I want something different. And I love a good plot twist.  Any suggestions? 
These are not supposed to be like "all of the classics in the world." They're the "classics" that Penguin was able to get publishing rights for.
What an interesting question! They certainly do have a lot already:

(from wikipedia)
> In 2008, Penguin Books published a complete annotated listing of all Penguin Classics titles in a single paperback volume in the style of its Penguin Classics books. The list organises the collection multiple times: alphabetically by author, subject categories, authors by region, and a complete alphabetic title index. This compiled listing indicates there are over 1,300 titles, and more to be published.

The penguin website has [this](https://a.tiles.mapbox.com/v4/rcmurphy.o01c7pgm/page.html?access_token=pk.eyJ1IjoicmNtdXJwaHkiLCJhIjoiY2lnNXg3cDJxNGpweXQza3dod214ejJiNCJ9.Dcg3ZmB4MtN4gP8xbyO6vA#4/11.39/-39.42) wonderful tool showing the geographic origins of many of their books. Latin America and Africa seem very underrepresented. Although smaller publishers dedicated to publishing translated work are starting to fill those gaps now.
I can't think of anything 1800s but there are some 20th century ones that I think are more deserving than some that already exist:

Metamorphosis (or a completed Collected Works of Franz Kafka) - There seems to be a deluxe version of this but not a basic black spine/orange text version.

One Hundred Years of Solitude

Catch-22
I always have a mixed reaction when reading about math and science people trying to generalize stories into these various types, like emotional arcs or type of conflict. 

On the one hand it can be an interesting topic that might bring up things about writing we haven't thought of yet or even be a stepping stone to finding a whole new way to write. 

On the other hand, breaking stories down into these various boxes to check kind of misses what is to me the most interesting part of the story: the characters. When I read a novel my main point of interest is who these people are, what confluence of life events made them as they are and what are they going to do now. What kind of society did they mature in and how has that affected their lives?

Maybe these aren't mutually exclusive ideas, I don't know. I would just hate to see people missing out on how specific stories are different just because they follow some similar patterns.
What really surprised me is the "5% bought by bookclubs" number.

Ist that something from the UK/US/english speaking world?

Because book Clubs are so no a Thing here in Germany for example
That part about deep reading was unsettling. I am used to reading on an e-book  and indeed I'm skimming through text, especially since I'm not reading in my native language, reading and rereading sentences. Very rarely I find myself engrossed in "deep reading" because of that and because of various distractions regarding page turning, watching how much is left of the chapter, of the book, what location I am, what time it is, how much battery, etc...
Only 2% of book sales are audiobooks?  As much as I've heard about audiobook sales surging in the smartphone era, I would have expected higher.  It's consistent with [other reports](http://www.digitalbookworld.com/2015/publisher-net-revenue-from-book-sales-declines-4-1-in-first-half-of-2015/) though.  
>This story [Alice in Wonderland] was banned in China, amongst other countries, for its use of talking animals, drug references and promotion of sexual fantasies.

lol wut? Have they even read classical Chinese literature?
Interesting to see the development of technology in comparison to the hours spent per week reading too. Now it would be obsolete to say that countries like India and China aren't developed, however it's also worth noting that in places like Japan where children are continuously growing up with more technology readily available to them, the hours of reading are lower. Could be an interesting study into this. Cool post. 
I'm confused why "reading a screen" always has that result vs being more related to reading online content and "eyes darting around". I honestly notice no difference between reading on my Kindle and reading a paperback.
Hardcover for collecting, paperback for home, park or library reading, ebook for work or a quick night short story or nonfiction read.
eBook. I jump around books but when I get into one it usually is a long read so I get used to the weight of my Kindle. I just like the compact size and the portability too for so many books. I do miss book covers but I just tell myself it's what's on the inside that counts.
Hardcover, if available, for physical copies. Ebook for day to day reading. 
Ebook for general reading.

Paperback or hardcover for something I want to display on my shelves.

I buy most things in ebooks at the moment.
Ebooks, except for technical stuff that doesn't exist in eBook format.
My eBook conversion was not entirely voluntary though. I lived for a few years in a very humid region, my books got moldy, and I had to get rid of them. I was pissed not only because of this but also the money I had spent shipping them there. Now I have a very large library on my Kindle and don't have to worry about any of that. I still like browsing bookstores but if I like something I get the eBook.
Hardcover for me ! Mostly because the font size and paper quality is better. I get all my books from library so money is not a factor for me. 
e-books because I never re-read.
Almost completely and Solely Ebooks. In combination with Calibre it is a much better way for storing books than Hardbacks or paperbacks. 
paperback always feels better to read
Paperbacks for learning, E-books for pleasure.


I read a lot of non-fiction textbooks which I normally prefer to get as an ebook or hardback, I just prefer the way I can sit them completely flat on a table whilst taking notes.  

But if its a book I fall in love with I always go paperback.  I can't remember the amount of times I've read The Martian, but the wear on the book just makes it even more special to me.  
Trade paperback
Fiction on my kindle and physical copies for non-fiction.  Its easier to mark up and flip to other sections to reference things.  I prefer the hardcover most of the time.
I would say Paperback, but the chances of me carrying either my kindle or my ipad (yes, I don't mind reading on one) with me at any given point has me choosing ebook purely for convenience's sake.

I honestly can't remember the last time I left my home without either of the 2 devices, and the fact that I can just read anything on there without having to carry multiple books with me is nice.
Used to be either paper or hardbacks. Immigrated and had to leave my collection of books, the weight of them in regards to shipping cost was just to much. Since then eBooks exclusively. 
Depends on what I'm looking for.

If it's a Penguin book, it's probably exclusively paperback. Largely because the black-bordered "Classics" books were never produced in hardback, are found for cheap and are a great way to easily expand a library.

If it's a signed book, I look exclusively for hardcover versions unless no other is available.

If it's for certain authors, I look for hardcover unless no other is available, then upgrade as necessary. I'm trying to get a hardcover Stephen King collection going, but I have three books (Green Mile serial boxset, Dark Tower III, Needful Things) that I want to convert into hardback if/when I find duplicate copies.

I also have an eBook collection for works/public relations books that were either never released in physical format or were only available in other regions.
Typically hardbacks because they tend to last longer and look nicer on my bookshelf. If it's a series I try to have them all in the same format. I had a Kindle before but couldn't really get into the ebook format so I gave it to my dad. He loves the thing. 
I prefer the ease of ebooks and audiobooks. For others I go to my library. My taxes already paid for that book so why not take advantage of it? I've got some good new releases that way. 
Hardcover for home defense and pressing leaves, paperback for everything else. I never really got into the Ebook thing. I'd rather have the physical book so I can beat it up and dogear the pages, and the smell...I love the smell of books.
I prefer paperback so I'm not lugging a lot of stuff around but I'll get a hardcover when I just can't wait for paperback, and sometimes I'll get an ebook for convenience (though I try to avoid using screens outside of work).
I just find collections of words. Preferably in coherent strings with some kind of central theme, idea, or concept. It really doesn't matter that much if its digital or print.

I do really enjoy the tactile feel of a really old book though.
Hardcover, then paperback, then ebook. 

I like the paper quality and heft of hardcovers. I also like flipping back and forth in books, so if the plot is more complex, ebooks just don't do it for me because it's too hard to find what I'm looking for and then get back to where I was!

That being said, I usually read six books at once, including one on kindle and one on my phone. My phone is amazing for when I'm in the elevator -- I work on the 20th floor of a hospital and it can take a loooooong time to get to my office.
I was talking about this last night. Personally I despise that there is a debate when people are reading. My argument is this: I wake up and study...on the computer. I practice languages and communicate...on my phone. I read pdf's, watch tv shows and play ganes on the computer. I do my writing...electronically. The eye strain os a lot and I hate wasting away staring at a screen. I get hardbacks because I like to reprieve and rest my eyes while I dog ear pages. It also helps my memory more when I can remember that position of words or phrases in a book as I go through it and it is encouraging to me to see how much I chunked out. I like getting nice editions of books as well, but I am always on the road and paying for an extra suitcase of books is inconvenient to say the least. It is even more difficult when I have comic books, because there are monthly issues and limited access. Plus it is nice to sit down and admire the artwork;  digitally reading makes my reading pace a lot different and harder to flow on some issues. At the end, it is just a trade off and I am not against either. However, when I have the opportunity, I dont mind the tactile and sensory experience.
Usually if I want to keep the book as a collection I try Hardcover but if too expensive I get the paperback. I do however also do ebooks since a lot of books are free on there and it is easy to take on trips.
Hardback for books I know I want to keep for a long time and I reread several times. Ebooks for new books suggestions(mostly library books) paperback for textbooks and trade paperback for train rides and I hate mass market paperbacks so never those
99 % eBooks. I love to browse books in a library, however. :)

To me it was a burden to have so many physical books, especially when you move. I feel much freer after giving away my physical books. 

I've got too many books on my "to read" list that I'll probably never re-read the old ones.


**Cons**

- needs electricity
- you don't see how much of the book is left
- not fast when comparing two pages
- it doesn't feel as good

**Pros**

- needs no physical space
- searching for words (!)
- highlighting / taking notes without "destroying" a book **
- highlights sync across devices
- easy to forward quotes by email
- look up unknown words
- you can listen to books while walking (iPad)
- improve your speed reading skills with your favorite books


The only exception for me are photo albums or other custom books.


** I read non-fiction books most of the time, so I tend to highlight a lot.
Paper back for everything. If I can't find it and it something short, then I'll get it on Kindle. Hardcover is almost never.
Paperback for sure. I have the mass market paperback edition of Slaughterhouse Five, and it was so convenient. Carried ir in my coat pocket and would read it on the train to work. Highly portable, highly convenient. Will probably get more mass market paperback 
Hardback always if I can get them and it's not horrendously expensive. Always hardback for textbooks.

E-books are only if I want something *right now* or I want to take a bunch of books with me on holiday or something.
Paperback comes in first for me. Easy to hold and carry around. I usually get my favorite books in hardcover mainly to look nice on a shelf and because I know they'll hold up longer. I do love my Kindle though too. I'll read on that on my lunch break at work and when I go on vacation.
Hardcovers are expensive, especially if I want to read in English, cause I have to order them. I do love hardcovers a lot tho. So hardcovers I exclusively order used online.

Paperbacks I'll either get used even though they're more likely to arrive more tatty cause they're easier to wear and tear. But I buy a lot of paperbacks new, thank god for bookdepository.

1. Paperback
2. Hardback
3. Ancient scroll





























4. eBook
He throws so much into the mix. Victorians, Confucians, nanotechnologins, hooligans, and wouldn't you just love to get your hands on one of those Primers. A rich world, well drawn absorbing characters and enough action ot keep a poor boy awake all night.
i think Diamond age came at the wrong time for Stephenson. he was already popular, but not popular enough to REALLY get into the things he wanted to talk about. there is SOOOO much in the book that really deserves more page space, but the book is already at 1000 pages and that scares a lot of readers off. 

there is a lot to talk about, but i want to point out the crux of the Primer being a good educational tool. Nell becomes who she is, because she had a person on the other end of the line caring about her education. the mass produced copy that had mass produced vocal interactions, created Nell's army. so it is not the Primer itself, as much as it is personal involvement on the part of the teacher. 

you have so many more books of his to read! i am so jealous ><
I read this book a year or two ago and loved it. The one thing that I felt was a little...weird were the drummers (was that what they were called? The ones who lived under the ocean in the weird commune and just screwed each other so the nanites could get the right mix into someone to solve the problem?). They seemed out of place to me, but I did still love the book. I read a couple of his other ones before that one and I have to say I adore his world-building.
My favorite thing about his books is how much detail he goes in to regarding the societal changes in response to developing technologies. I loved how he described having the feed in their homes, it's fiscal limitations, or even what a child left alone with it is capable of or prone to doing. I also liked the mini bots. It just shows the incredible amount of thought he puts in to each thing in his stories. 
I'll probably get a lot of flak for it, but I think the book is overrated and not one of Stephenson's best works. It introduces a lot of interesting ideas (on-demand narration, circumspect teaching of Turning Machines, etc. However, the whole story just didn't come together for me, with entire parts (e.g., most of the interaction around the drummers) feeling like a complete disjoint mess. 
It's a pity because Stephenson's other novels may have less ideas but somehow fit together better. 
 
Man oh man, favourite time of year! 

Some good ones this year - Tom Connolly's stands out. Although I'm not sure anything quite compares to Morrissey's last year... 

"At this, Eliza and Ezra rolled together into the one giggling snowball of full-figured copulation, screaming and shouting as they playfully bit and pulled at each other in a dangerous and clamorous rollercoaster coil of sexually violent rotation with Eliza’s breasts barrel-rolled across Ezra’s howling mouth and the pained frenzy of his bulbous salutation extenuating his excitement as it whacked and smacked its way into every muscle of Eliza’s body except for the otherwise central zone.”



Sad not to see Rocky Flintstone on this list! Although he may not have been submitted considering he'd likely take the awards by storm.
I mean how could you not with these sorts of gems:
> [The Duchess' nipples] hardened with her feeling of freedom and they were now as large as the three inch rivets which had held the hull of the fateful Titanic together.
So... is there a list of the best? 
[deleted]
I really like the idea of this guy standing in an airport cubicle, getting a blowjob, and somehow managing to catch this passport. Is the main character Stretch Armstrong? Her arse must be... half a foot off the floor? His managed to snatch a falling passport out of six inches of air, and take a quick look at it, all while standing up getting head. Not only are his arms the length of his entire body or more, he's showing some impressive dexterity and coordination even at a time when he really shouldn't be thinking too straight. 
I wonder what the authors think when they find themselves on this list.
I'm not a writer, but I feel like I would err on the side of leaving things to the reader's imagination if I were writing about a fictional sexual encounter. Not out of prudishness, but because people's imaginations are very good at making things sexy. It's why a woman in a swimsuit is often more enticing than a naked woman.

I know there are probably specific goals that the writer has for these scenes that go beyond just making it steamy, but still. We know what the physical act of sex is like; you don't need to remind us with a ham-fisted metaphor.
>Gayle Forman – Leave Me

Man, so that entire book was weird to me? There's some media/literature that I understand better now that I'm a parent, but this is one book that was utterly bewildering to me now that I have kid. It just seemed like she could have hired a few people to help while she recovered from her surgery. Leaving behind her twins and husband  (and yes, I get that her health was on the line) without saying where she was going or when she'd be back...

And it makes sense that the sex scene(s) (meant to establish or re-establish intimacy between the main character and her husband) would be a bit off -- because I could never get behind her reasons for leaving, and I honestly couldn't understand why he'd forgive her. 
The reason my fiction doesn't include detailed sex scenes is because should I ever become published, I have a horrible fear I would end up nominated for one these "awards." 
These are great
Man oh man, favourite time of year! 

Some good ones this year - Tom Connolly's stands out. Although I'm not sure anything quite compares to Morrissey's last year... 

"At this, Eliza and Ezra rolled together into the one giggling snowball of full-figured copulation, screaming and shouting as they playfully bit and pulled at each other in a dangerous and clamorous rollercoaster coil of sexually violent rotation with Eliza’s breasts barrel-rolled across Ezra’s howling mouth and the pained frenzy of his bulbous salutation extenuating his excitement as it whacked and smacked its way into every muscle of Eliza’s body except for the otherwise central zone.”



Wow. So so wrong. 
Look. Even when I was a virgin writing smut, I knew better than to compare a dick to a gearstick. Get it to*gether.*
Don't know about you guys, but I'm excited by what I'm reading ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) 
This could include anything, really.
It seems that books with non-human characters for heroes usually aren't scientifically accurate. And kids tend to like cute animals, apparently.

Not the best article I've read today.
Still the best book ever written. I can handle a bit of cocoon/chrysalis confusion. 
NO IT DIDN'T. YOU TAKE THAT BACK!!
Do all the books I plan to buy for myself count?
I have just over 500 books on my to-read list. I'm considering adding them all to my Amazon wish list for people to choose from, but it's 500 books and I can't imagine how long it will take :( I want every single one of those books for Christmas. 
I have a Book of the Month Club membership on my list - I've been trying it out for a couple months myself and have really liked it so far. I don't have any specific books on there, though - I may add one (I'm leaning toward Alexander Chee's first novel, *Edinburgh*) but no more than that, I've had to learn some restraint! I already have a big existing pile of to-reads to get through. :P 
I'm gonna get 
> Rebel Genius by Michael Dante DiMartino
Hes the co-creater of Avatar and the Legend of Korra 

Would get more books but I'm paying for college so I'm just gonna add more and more books to my wishlist for when I get a job
The bassoon king by rainn Wilson. My brother likes Dwight schrute
I have a long list but right now I really want to read the Books of Babylon series by Josiah Bancroft and any books by Neil Gaiman.
I've dropped some not so subtle hints that I'm waiting to be gifted *The Wise Man's Fear*.
After reading everything by Tim Ferriss, and listening to his podcast religiously, his new book Tools of Titans is at the top of my list. I love how he manages to cram so much useful and entertaining information into anything he does.
It's not on my list, but one of the best gifts I ever got was a complete set of Frank Herbert's Dune saga (the original 6). At the time, I thought it was really cool. As I learn more about it (specifically, how much it must have cost), the more I value it. 

Also totally asking a friend for "a William Gibson novel," ad I've noticed he has a few of his books on his shelf. 
Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance is an absolutely fantastic read, I would also highly recommend Man's Search for Meaning if you haven't already read it.
I'm going to start a new tradition for my oldest nephew and niece. They're both really into Harry Potter now and I'm gonna start getting them a copy of the illustrated Harry Potter books every year until they have all of them. So this year, they're both getting the illustrated sorcerer's stone. 
The Shadow of the Wind by Carloz Ruiz Zafon. I hope someone gets me!
I think I'm gonna ask for a few Terence McKenna books. Otherwise, I'm satisfied with the local library providing me with reading material. I have ten books checked out currently
For my friends' Secret Santa I listed as my top wish *A Gentleman in Moscow*. Read it already and loved it enough to want it on my bookshelf permanently. Also have a bunch of cookbooks listed.

I was also wanting an anthology of Christina Rossetti's poetry and *Faust*.
I am buying my brother a copy of Submission by Michel Houellebecq. It is an interesting, poignant not to mention entertaining read. Heartily recommend it.
I may get the Lucifer graphic novels.
This year I've been dropping some hints for a nice Lord of the Rings box set. Besides that, I usually receive gift cards to book stores, so I'll start thinking about what I want to buy after the holidays.

Most of my friends are science majors, so I might gift them some interesting books on chemistry or physics. One friend absolutely loved the Cosmos reboot, so he might enjoy the book by Carl Sagan.
"How to Win Friends and Influence People" is a great choice. For something similar, I'd recommend "The Charisma Myth" by Olivia Fox Cabane. I've bought both books for myself and for family in the past.
Jerusalem by Alan Moore. I might ask for some others, but at the same time that book is enormous, so it'll probably be more than enough.

My Current Book Wish List


For reading: 


* Hyperbole and a Half by Allie Brosh

* The Gentlemen Bastards series by Scott Lynch 

* Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me? by Mindy Kaling

* Miss Phryne Fisher Investigates by Kerry Greenwood 

* Sandman Prelude & Nocturnes Vol.1 by Neil Gaiman 

* Guardian of the Spirit by Nahoko Uehashi 

* Joy the Baker Cookbook by Joy Wilson 

* The Penelopaid by Margaret Atwood 

* The Kingkiller Chronicles by Patrick Rothfuss 

* The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making by Catheryne M. Valente 

* Monthly Girls' Nozaki-kun Vol. 4 & Vol. 5 by Izumk Tsubaki 

* Sweetness & Lightning Vol.1 by Gido Amagakure 

* Avatar: The Last Air Bender The Promise Hardcover edition 

* The Chronicles of Crestomanci series by Diana Wynne Jones 

* Runemarks by Joanne M Harris 

* Guards! Guards! & Going Postal by Terry Pratchett




For collecting: 

* Dakota of the White Flats by Philip Ridley 

* The Protector of the Small Quartet Tamora Pierce 

* Pulp! The Classics Edition of Pride & Prejudice by Jane Austen 

* The Folio Society edition of Emma by Jane Austen 

* Chris Riddell illustrated edition of Neverwhere by Neil Gaiman 

* Nausicaa Valley of the Wind Box Set (beautiful glit edged hardback)

* The Unofficial Harry Potter Cookbook 

* Dark Horse Cardcaptor Sakura Omnibus Vol.4

* The Bob's Burgers Book: Real Recipes for Joke Burgers 

* Faber & Faber Hardcover edition of The Bell Jar by Sylvia Plath 

* Avocado Baby by John Burningham 

* Fire From Heaven by Mary Renault 

* Any of Ghibli's 'The Art Of...' books





My dad loves WW2, got him a copy of Indestructible...a true life story of a pilot whose family is captured by the Japanese in the Phillipines and his attempts to find them

Ooh I'm getting a number of books for different people. 

**For my dad:**

1) [Christ and Culture](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/73189.Christ_and_Culture?from_search=true) by H. Richard Niebuhr

2) [Onward: Engaging the Culture Without Losing the Gospel](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23492927-onward?ac=1&from_search=true) by Russell D. Moore

3) [Scripture and the Authority of God: How to Read the Bible Today](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9892361-scripture-and-the-authority-of-god?from_search=true) by N.T. Wright

4) [The Challenge of Jesus: Rediscovering Who Jesus Was and Is](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/889083.The_Challenge_of_Jesus?ac=1&from_search=true)

Aside from the fact that I think he would find all of these interesting, I also want to get them for him because he often speaks on these topics and is currently working with a church group to work out some of the questions explored in these books. 

**For my mom:**

1) [The Martian](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18007564-the-martian?from_search=true) by Andy Weir

I think it's the kind of book she would really enjoy and it'll go along nicely with the kindle I'm getting her. 

**For my cousin:** 

1) [The Unvanquished](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/128770.The_Unvanquished?ac=1&from_search=true) by William Faulkner

2) [Inhuman Bondage: The Rise and Fall of Slavery in the New World](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/178670.Inhuman_Bondage?from_search=true) by David Brion Davis

My cousin is in high school but she still has fairly infantile reading habits. I'm hoping this might spark some interest in more developed fiction. Faulkner can be rough but this is a relatively straightforward and interesting story so I thought it would be a good pick. I picked *Inhuman Bondage* because it's a good summary of a topic covered in no great depth in school (and one I'm really passionate about).

**For my girlfriend:**

1) A signed copy of [The Martian](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18007564-the-martian?from_search=true) by Andy Weir because it is one of her favorite books and she really wanted a signed copy we saw in Powell's. 

2) [A Darker Shade of Magic](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22055262-a-darker-shade-of-magic?ac=1&from_search=true) by V.E. Schwab. Her absolute favorite book series is Harry Potter. I felt like this book had a lot of tonal similarities so I think she'd really enjoy it. 

3) [The Sparrow](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/334176.The_Sparrow?from_search=true) by Mary Doria Russell. It's one of my favorite books and it deals with lots of interesting questions about faith and God. I think it would be a really interesting read and there are some definite similarities to *The Martian*. 
I have way too many books in hand to read yet, and I don't really celebrate holidays/gifts, but I think the only two I know I want that are newly out that I would like to get are Hannah Hart and Anna Kendrick's memoirs. I will surely end up gifting them to myself. 

As far as gifts, Mooncop and Being a Dog
I'm thinking about asking for After the Quake and Sputnik Sweetheart to get ever closer to completing my Haruki Murakami collection. I'm thinking about buying my father a book about the American revolutionary war but I'm not sure of any good ones. Maybe one about spies and their role during that time period?  
1. Two Boys Kissing, David Levithan

2. Nevada, Imogen Binnie

3. The Reason I Jump, Naoki Higashida

4. The Story of My Life, Helen Keller

5. I am Malala, Malala Yousafzai

6. Orlando, Virginia Woolf

7. Elizabeth is Missing, Emma Healey

8. The Bell Jar, Sylvia Plath

9. If this is a Man, Primo Levi

10. Ain’t I a Woman, bell hooks
What about the god of all books promoting equality: To Kill a Mockingbird?
I don't see Lord of the Rings anywhere on this list....
I haven't been fond of The Reason I Jump. Part of it is that it, at least supposedly, is written by a boy with autism, which is something that I am aware that I get uncomfortable with. But typically I would see that as a challenge for me to push through. It's also effectively been "translated" twice, given the author's difficulty communicating and the author being Japanese, so that may play into my issue with it.

My major problem is that the book definitely comes across to me like it was not actually written by a boy with autism. The perspective of the author seems to have far too much understanding of how "normal" people experience things. It also has the feel of a condescending parent telling other kids how to behave around her child. I know people with autism can sometimes come across as condescending, so I may be misjudging the book on its tone.
All quiet on the western front. The greatest antiwar book ever written.
"Uninternational" that's not even a word. Just call it domestic. 
For some reason, Malala Yousafzai is in physical danger if she travels in Muslim-majority nations, and even here in the States her promotional appearances are shunned by the Muslim community.   The CAIR website has never heard of her.  I hope she's not hateful after all and that her inclusion on this list was not an offensive mistake.
Anyone interested in sharing some of these titles? Let's spread the knowledge guise
"Tolerance"?? WTF do they mean by "Tolerance"??  Tolerance is when you have to put up with something, almost against your will.  It's such a terrible word to rally around.
Yeah!!! No straight white dudes ever wrote a paradigm shifting book!
[removed]
Tolerance. I'm not sure I like the idea promulgating tolerance. I don't like feeling I am tolerated.
Barack Obama: One of only four Presidents to not pass "concrete" legislation in U.S. History. Ironically, that's proof that checks and balances work. So, go figure.
Bath Spa University...
this isn't a novel per se, but samuel pepys's diaries cover a lot of the technology of the time. he seemed to take new things in stride, although there are some occasions where he didn't think it would catch on.. my memory of the book is vague
*Tess of the D'Urbevilles* - the drudgery of working with some of the new agricultural machinery. (Thomas Hardy was looking back some decades, to a time when he thought the good old ways began to change for the worse.)

*North and South* by Elizabeth Gaskell, writing about not only the harsh conditions of factory work in the 1800s, but how this led to a worsening of class divisions. 

*La Bete Humaine* by Emile Zola - looking back (from the 1890s to the 1860s) to the big expansion of the railway system. He uses it as a metaphor for the dehumanising effects of modern life.
*Ender's Game* foreshadowed the internet well. The whole message boards and Net part at any rate.
Samuel Butler's *Erewhon*. It's really predicting the possibilities of where technology that was only beginning would take us, which requires a lot more insight than simply talking about the new technology.
As somebody who really hates poetry, I'm disappointed that they didn't include any Mary Oliver for the crowd that likes nature/inspirational/self-help books. She writes the only poetry I have ever liked.
Ugh. :-) Personally, aside from Silverstein, those books would make me *not* like poetry.
Ah yes, Jaroslav Hasek, one of my favourite arty headbangers, I like arty headcases. 

Svjek was serialised in a newspaper and Hasek was very surprised it became so popular, he became rich (he was already very well known to the police and public) and even more notorious.

He was making money in a very nice fashion so strung the public out by not finishing Svjek while continually telling his readers that a conclusion was imminent. They should have thrown the bastard in the Rears.
Thoroughly enjoyed it too, though it's a bit of a shame it's an unfinished book. To put it in perspective, Milan Kundera considered it a really important book - he spoke of it highly in his book The Art of the Novel.
One of my favorite books of all time.
weird, it just came up on my timehop that I finished the book around this day a couple years ago. I became interested in Picaresque novels and this is always on the lists for one of the best. 
I was browsing around a bookstore today in hopes of finding a new book to read and I felt a little overwhelmed in just picking a random book of fiction. I decided to take a gander at this sub in hopes that I would be led in the right direction and low and behold, I stumble upon this conversation. 

I had glanced at this book as i was searching because it was one of the few books that the store has the cover facing the customer. So I decided to pick up The Good Soldier Svejk. It's a pretty big undertaking, in regards to page number, but it's something I think I can take down eventually. Just wanted to say thanks for the recommendation!
A polite reminder: our rules call for a civil tone and the assumption of good faith.

I understand this is an emotive topic for many of you, but please try to raise the tone. That's a human being you're replying to.
The Academy says "We look forward to Bob Dylan's Nobel lecture, which he must give - it is the only requirement - within six months counting from December 10, 2016." I think that will really let us know what he thinks of this award. I'm intrigued. 
TIL -  A Nobel winner is required to give a lecture within six months of December 10 or......
Welp there goes their plan to get a free Dylan performance at the award event.
As a fan of Bob Dylan who has never seen him live and never intends to I would be honored to pick up his five hundred thousand dollar prize and bring it to him.
This keeps getting weirder.
Where is everyone getting that he doesn't care about the prize?  The articles states that he sent a personal letter expressing feelings of being honored while having to decline attending the ceremony due to prior commitments.

He's been known to be a somewhat 'personal' guy.  I get it.  But I totally see him accepting the award.  In his own way.  But he'll do it.
What can be more important than picking up a Nobel Prize?
ITT: People who are in a sub about books cannot even read 3 paragraphs of an article.

First: Dylan has not rejected the prize nor he is intended to do it as far as we know. If we believe what the academy says, he express that he feels honored to receive such award. He is just not attending to the ceremony which, as the article says, is unusual situation but not exceptional. So he is not acting like a douche, he is simply not attending the ceremony, for whatever reason. 

Second: The academy is neither crying nor moaning nor making a publicity stunt. They are simply making a very polite announcement to clarify a situation, probably because they are being bombarded with journalists asking for the issue.

I understand that people like drama, but seriously, the only drama here are the comments.
In a statement explaining his decision, Dylan said, "Uh dunneh rebehhMuh swinna luff ro lessa bata."

Everyone's saying he's selfish for not going to pick it up. Did you actually read the article? He says he has a prior commitment but that he feels incredibly honoured. This isn't him saying that he's too good for it - it's just him saying he's not going to drop everything just to pick it up in person. 

Edit: Jesus reddit stop downvoting opinions you disagree with. The comments are a place to DISCUSS. Not to just circlejerk ourselves and downvote everyone who offers a different opinion. 
I bet he will perform some John Cage 
Classic Dylan.
The suspense on this really had me going. It's good to finally get clarity on this issue. I can start getting my eight hours again.
Well, I try my best 
To be just like I am 
But everybody wants you 
To be just like them 
They say sing while you slave, and I just get bored
I ain't going to Stockholm for that fucking award. 

- Bob Dylan - Maggie's Farm 2016

Edit. - evidently wrong Swedish city. 

Edit. - Scandinavian countries are evidently not my geographic strong suit.   
He **can't**. Very important distinction between "deciding not to" and being unable to come. Stop with the click bait bullshit. 
Nobel prize committee lesson learned: never suck up to pop culture icons for publicity. 
I love this man's songs. His music seriously has touched me since I was a child. He is a very interesting man. No doubt a hermit. I finally got to see him last week in Columbia, SC. He literally didn't utter one word to the audience besides the lyrics he sang. Didn't even say thank you. He seemed to be entirely in his own world then entire performance. Still wasn't disappointed. 
According to the Swedish Academy's website, if you visit the Academy in Stockholm, they gjve you cookies. Dylan is missing out!
If I were 75 I might want to skip the travel hassles and the fuss of being the center of attention at an awards ceremony.  Let Dylan use his remaining time however wants to use it.

Can he do the required 'lecture' by Skype?
He is on tour at the moment, and he is a very old man. Give him a break !
Bob Dylan doesn't give a fuck and neither should we.
My news said that they received a personalized letter from him saying that he had other commitments.
I'm glad he's not flying there... Fuck you 2016, if you want to take Dylan from us you'll have to be a little more clever than that!
CBC's [Rex Murphy](https://www.reddit.com/r/NobelPrize/comments/59wli5/rex_murphys_perceptive_take_on_bob_dylans_nobel/) had one of the best commentaries on this.
for a guy who bases himself on opposing The Establishment, i can see how being awarded a high honor by The Establishment would feel horrible
I think Dylan winning for literature is one of the dumbest things ive ever heard, it is so clearly a publicity grab for an award that has been decreasing in prestige for a while now, its so fucking stupid i cant even justify it by explaining it w/ politics or attention grabbing, its just stupid
Just further evidence in my mind that if they were going to give the prize to a musician, it should have been Leonard Cohen. At least he wouldn't have made such a shit show of the whole thing.
Since everyone is just shitting on the guy for being a pretentious dick, I thought I'd give the real reason why he doesn't care about the prize-Throughout history the Nobel committee has been noticeably vocal about their distaste for American writers and what they see as a bunch of unsophisticated Yankees. He's telling them to fuck off for a reason. 
Why is this allowed and the apple thread locked?
They should have given it to Cohen...
It's hilarious to me that they would offer him an award and then react so negatively toward his reception...this is *Classic Bob Dylan* and part of what has always made him so interesting and special to his fans.  The Academy reacting this way is pretty evident that they really didn't understand the man they were supposedly honoring.
As always ITT: Loads of people commenting who know absolutely nothing about the prize and the logistics behind it and are blatantly giving in to clickbait.

Nothing about him not attending the ceremony is out of the ordinary. This has happened so many times in the Nobel's history. Nothing about the lecture is new. 
Is there a reason why he doesn't seem to want this award?  Is it no longer a prestigious award?
I think it has something to do with the fact that if you accept the price, you're seen in different light. And that changes people. 
If he didn't want the prize why didn't he say it when he was nominated? 
I'm sure this has been said here already, but soooo many music elitists and critics were talking shit constantly about his receiving this award. It's no wonder to me at all that he doesn't even want to collect it in person. 
notable, no surprise. 

Maaan, I'd KILL for a Nobel peace prize.
Honestly Nobel awards are so controversial at this point, it's almost toxic.
I've been thinking about this and frankly I disagree with those who say that he should not have won. 

I have two degrees in English, and I have noticed that many of my friends and colleagues don't think he deserves this because "he isn't a writer." But he is. He is a writer in almost every sense of the word. 

I feel like the elitism that comes from those who consider themselves "literary" is doing nothing but harming literature. There is a reason that most people don't give a shit about this award, which is often elites recognizing other elites. There is a reason why most people don't read "great" literature anymore. And it's partially because a small faction of people (mostly academics) have decided to strictly define the word, almost to the point where the only people reading that "great" literature are other writers, or other academics. 

I think that we need to lean toward the broadest definition of literature, one that is inclusive rather than exclusive. Google defines it as: "written works, especially those considered of superior or lasting artistic merit." I like this definition. 

And if you deny that Dylan's song writing, and particularly his lyrics, are not considered to be "of superior or lasting artistic merit," then you haven't been paying attention...
Dylan doesn't play by choice he made a deal with the devil
he doesn't need anybody's approval or recognition except his own 

I'm jealous. I wish I can act like him oneday

how amazing would it be?
I'm worried he's sick. There isn't a "prior commitment" out there that could keep me from collecting my Nobel prize.
This whole controversy is by far my favorite Dylan work.
First people are pissed he got the award. Now people are pissed he didn't go get the award.
>Dylan, the organisation said, felt "very honoured" and wished he could receive the prize personally.  

What a piece of shit amirite guyz
His friends and contemporaries keep dying. I think he may view it as poor form to accept such an award right now. Also, I think he could give a shit what anybody thinks about him.  
For someone who purportedly hates undue attention he's really creating a lot of headlines. 
I am not familiar with Dylan outside his music. Has he always been a pretentious douche like this? If he didn't want the award he should have declined it. His semi commitment to accepting it and general weirdness in this whole fiasco makes me think he is an narcissistic clown who thinks the world revolves around his asshole.
If Bob Dylan died on the plane ride over to pick it up, 2016 would continue just on schedule of shittiness
I support his not going.

The Nobel Prize ain't as noble as it once was
For those of you unfamiliar with Bob Dylan, he is the honey badger of celebrities as he truly does not give a fuck and does whatever he wants. Although he is way past retirement age and has more money than he could possibly spend, Dylan still does a hundred of shows a year and regularly releases new material. When Bob Dylan was contacted by Old Crow Medicine Show to use a chorus that he wrote for "Wagon Wheel," Bob Dylan did not even remember writing the song in the first place. Every song on the album "The New Basement Tapes," including Marcus Mumford's beautiful "When I Get My Hands On You," was based off of discarded lyrics that Dylan never felt worth recording. Bob Dylan's last press interview in a decade was with AARP The Magazine (the unsolicited magazine people receive after they reach 50). While I am personally disappointed that Dylan has not embraced his Nobel Prize with as much deference and enthusiasm that one might expect, I am not the slightest bit surprised. 
Who is surprised by this? Honestly.
Such a Bob Dylan move.
Everyone leave Bob Dylan alone. He hasn't done anything to you.
I love Bob. Fuck the Nobel.
If you listen to "the times are changing" you basically can hear the reason why 
How many roads must a man walk down? None that lead to Sweden apparently
He's an asshole. 

I've seen him twice and both performances stunk. He admittedly plays obscure songs that no one wants to hear because he can. Normally I would find this enjoyable as I like hearing new music by legendary talented artists, but he has an arrogance about him that ruins this. 

A buddy of mine worked at our university stadium center where Bob Dylan was scheduled to perform. Prior to the show they had a team meeting where they were told "do not interact with Bob, do not make eye contact with Bob, and certainly do not try to engage in conversation with Bob." I mean come on. Asshole. 
Why the fuck is he getting a Nobel prize?
Are we sure his health is okay? When people go MIA for awhile, they sometimes show back up with reports of battling cancer.
Don't sideshow us Bob! 
Why is this an issue?
Horrible singer, but a great songwriter.
He knows this prize is bullish!t.  Somebody got together, and decided to put in the application for him, and tag him with the prize.  
TIL Bob Dylan is still alive.
Man, who cares if Bob Dylan doesn't give a shit about the award?  It seems a bit pretentious to give the award to him and then freak out when he doesn't care. It's almost like doing someone a favour just so you can see their reaction and boast about it. It's just an award. He's an old-ass man and he owes nothing to nobody.
Honestly, it's disrespectful. Downvote me all you want, but people spend their entire lives working and never receive a Nobel. Scientists, in particular, slave away in relative obscurity in hopes of one day being awarded what Dylan is really taking for granted here. 

I'm a huge Dylan fan, and I know people do this kind of thing sometimes, but that doesn't make that any less of a spit in the face of the Academy. 
He accepted 13 Grammy's.  I wonder how pretentious his decision was to accept those but not a Nobel.
I am glad..the Nobel prize has become a joke lately.
Dylan should have read a few of Feynman's books.

Feynman didn't want the prize either, but he understood perfectly well that if he tried to reject it, it would be a publicity storm 10X the size as if he just took it. So Feynman accepted the award even though he hated the concept of it.
what a fucking hipster.
  This reminds me of all the awards Arnold Palmer had to be present for ...bet they would give anything to switch shoes with me and be an average guy.
Didn't see that coming!!
As expected.
It sounds to me he's rejected the Nobel Prize, and they're not quite sure how to deal with it. 
I can really see the argument that collecting the trophy and cash would be pointless. That's all that's left for him to get. The works he's produced for which the prize was awarded already exist. The committee's assertion that he deserves the prize is already a fact. All that's left is a trophy and a million plus to a pretty old multi-millionaire.

e: Plus he's already stated he's honored.
'Tis a silly place 
Can someone give me a recap of what this is all about?
now i am very glad Bob Dylan won the Nobel Prize
I bet Dylan has a long thoughtful list of people he would rather give his prize to, and hopefully will do that. He's not a self involved guy,  it seems.
I think Johnny might need to mix up another batch...
Anyone familiar with Bob Dylan probably isn't all that surprised. I'd be happy to go pick it up for him though, I would love to see Stockholm.
The way things have been going lately I'd suggest he just lock himself in his house until the end of the year 
Im glad. It's almost like theyre giving themselves the Bob Dylan Award. Sartre turned it down outright. 
Maybe instead they could give the Nobel Prize for Literature to an actual writer, seeing as the songwriter they chose couldn't give less of a shit.
Is his health alright? Does anyone know?
Has Bob been drone striking 7 countries too? I hear that's one way you can get a Nobel. 
He's old, give the guy a break. 
OH BOY! ... just when I thought we can talk about books again, we can complain some more about Dylan/the award/the nobel prize, and all the other stupid minutiae about this. 
The funny thing here is that Dylan is always going to be that chill hippie.  So when he stands a group of academic types like the Nobel committee, they just look like chumps.  
The blue birds sing and the toaster dings, life goes on, i told the midget man in garden square dont tread on me man but they put him in jail for a crime they couldnt prove and a spotted cow jumped over the moon with a missing hoove.

No one gives a shit about bob dylan, just stop.
Fucking good, leave the legend alone!
What a flake. 
lol this is getting ridiculous 
He knows this award means they are going to cash him in soon, he is probably in hiding. 

Should never have made that deal with the devil bob. 

apparently you are next to die on the list. 
I wonder if there's any length requirement for the lecture?
People were saying the Academy wouldn't give Pynchon Nobel Prize because he wouldn't collect it, even though he deserves it so much. Now, they gave *Bob Dylan*, instead, who does not collect it too? This is surreal, to say the least. The Academy fucked up this year, one shall admit.
I really hope he goes! 
What if his speech is a new song?
And the 2016 Nobel Prize in Not Giving a Fuck goes to...
"I am sorry I can not receive the Prize in person. I am stuck inside of Mobile with the Stockholm blues again:" - - Bob Dylan
The hardest I've ever laughed was at a coworker who asked while "Bad to the Bone" was playing at work, "This is a Bob Dylan cover right?
>edgelord
Bob Dylan look alike could pick up the prize and money and get away with it. You don't even have to speak. Just dress up like you're homeless, pick up the prize, nod, and leave.
This might be the most pretentious thing I've ever heard  
But will he take the prize $$$$s? 
I thought Bob Dylan died 
It's just a whole different set of brains, living in his world. Such an honor to the common man. An annoyance to Bob Dylan, who used to be one of those common men.  I kind of get it, but not really.  Makes me like him a little less than before.  And boy did I love his music. Oh well. Feet of clay and all that.
Dylan is such a punk, I love it. 
I was in the skeptical camp when Dylan won this, but now I couldn't be happier that he won. He's basically telling them to fuck off, in his own little way of course. 
I'm supposed to be seeing him in concert on Friday night so it's good to know he won't be in Stockholm. Seeing him live is on my bucket list. 
What a jerk.
What a hack.  He's making a sour mouse hat on a trophy throne as pipers play their sorry song to try and make the dreary throngs learn to hear an seem 'em.
Letterman asked Dylan to be one of his last musical guests and showed up.  Offer him a Nobel prize and he won't come.  Interesting.
Did.... did we forget to tell him he won?
Like a boss...
The Atlantic has a pretty spergy article trashing him for being "a jerk."
Oh what a surprise.
It must be hard being that fucking savage
God damn it Bob, just take the money and donate it to wherever.
They should just mail it to him.  Problem solved.
And 'sti cazz.
She said ''As great as you are, man
You'll never be greater than yourself'
I told her I don't really care
It's tough out there

-B.Dylan
Is anybody else really wondering if Dob Dylan is really the best recipient of the Nobel prize for literature?  
Finally someone does something cool 
So he just isn't going for the awards ceremony, but he has until June 10th to give his lecture?
Anybody else lowkey think of Paul Sheldon after reading this? 
A lot of people seem to be on his side with this...but I personally think he's a pompous jerk.
So fucking sick of this drama already
At least he's keeping it real...
This is all about promotion. The Nobel Prize has become another academy award. What a shame.

So it goes. 
I stand by my statement that he shouldn't have been awarded the prize to begin with.  He doesn't want it and it could help a struggling unknown person infinitely more than this man.  
  
My hope is that he forfeits the prize and it is awarded to someone that deserves it.  
This is like the Ross and Rachel of literary awards
The Devil deserves the credit , so why would Dylan want to go 
At the very least, I admire the man's gall. 
such a rebel...
The Prize is political. He's probably not so comfortable with that. Makes sense to me.
Haha what a fucking boss. I loved his reasoning as well. I've got more respect for Bob.
Living off past accomplishments...way past accomplishments.
Is anyone surprised, though? Big mistake to give Dylan the prize.
Bob, collect the award and the check and feed some hungry people, you fucking Christain. 
Come on, Bob... Get over yourself and just take the damn honor for crying out loud.
[removed]
It's funny how everyone thinks he's just ignoring it. I have seen him in concert many times including the night it was announced, and at both desert trips. First desert trip show was before the announcement and was a normal show. The concert the night they announced it was a very upbeat Dylan, who you could say was pretty much doing a little dancing with the microphone stand, and even picked up the guitar. The 2nd desert trip and the few shows I saw after that he stayed more upbeat than I have ever seen him. Clearly a mood changer in my eyes. I've seen him over 40 times and only one other time played the guitar. That's just my 2 cents.
I wouldn't want to go to Sweden either
You're 70+. You've been in the spotlight for 50+ years, every year. One day somebody from Sweden shows up. "Bob, Bob, Mr Dylan. Guess what. We're putting you in the spotlight. "

Even if only 0.01% want to shake Dylan's hand today.  It's like 500,000 handshakes every single day. What if it were only 500?  What's the difference, really. Congratulations might start to become overwhelming or even worse - at least for some people. 

For most of us it would be a great , exceptional day, if four people said, " you really did a great job dude. Congratulations!"  

It's just how the world is.   
Bob is the best!!! 
Too busy playing Skyrim?
Good for him.  He doesn't deserve it anyway and the fact that he obviously doesn't take it seriously just underlines the fact that we shouldn't either.  The prize for literature has been a joke for decades.  
"Naaa im good fam, thanks though... Byeeeee"
ITT: a lot of people's opinions on what Bob Dylan is.
stupid award and he knows it
LOL guys, he's accepting the award and said he was honored to recieve it. Did none of you read THE 3  LINES of the article? He said he simply will not havr the ability to recieve it the scheduled day. And its unusual, but not unheard of to simply RESCHEDULE a ceremony
Leave the poor guy alone. He doesn't care about your stupid award.
"Only a fool in here would think that he's got anything to prove." - Bob Dylan (Things have changed)
To all you dumb people complaining without reading the article.
Why does anyone care about this?
They just gave it to him so they could get some press.
Never been a Bob Dylan fan... until now.
Bob Dylan is a cock and hasn't made anything notable since 1966, why is he getting any awards anymore.
Good for him. The Nobel Prize isn't what it used to be. It's more of a popularity award than anything else. I'm shit... Obama was awarded the prize and he's done more harm to personal freedoms and droning people than any other US President in history.
The Nobel prize has been sort of devalued ever since they gave Obama one for being black.
who is this boby dylan ??
There's no prestige involved in the award anymore- they gave Obama a Nobel for Piece and he's had thousands killed by drone strikes, including women and children. 
Can't wait until next week when he's changed his mind and is contemplating going. 
I wouldn't be very eager to come to Sweden either.
I think it's kind of shitty he's not showing up.  TBH he's coming off like an arrogant prick. 
He never should have been given the Nobel in the first place. Really though, except for the science and medicine prizes the rest are a joke anyway. Just look at Obama. He got a Nobel peace prize and then ordered the killing of thousands. 
That's good actually, as he has done literally nothing to deserve a Nobel prize. 
LOL. I love Dylan so much. This guy just floats on air. Nothing really touches him. 
[removed]
What an asshole
Take it off him
This is what makes Bob Dylan a real og in my opinion. He's the kind of humble individual who doesn't care about accolades and other material pieces. He gets his inspiration from within and doesn't care to receive praise from the outside.
I lost all respect for the prize when they gave the prize based on race rather than merit. 
Maybe he doesn't believe in what the Nobel committee stands for. Maybe he has a problem with the people who run it.
He's not an idiot.
Consider this. Peace prizes are given to persons of influence that push a certain pre-approved agenda.
Not everyone is begging for the Nobel committee's favor. 

If he doesn't want it, lets Leonard Cohen gets it. Would be really nice.
[deleted]
Hipster to the end
not a deserving candidate
[deleted]
but... why though? seems a bit egotistical to me..

is there a legitimate reason?
It would be awesome if they could retract the Nobel Prize and give it to someone who actually deserved it. If this was 1980, sure, maybe Dylan would stand a chance.. but now, really? Slim pickings I guess. 
I get if he doesn't believe in the committee, or doesn't think that musicians should receive the prize, or whatever moral reason he chooses for not accepting it(if he does indeed choose not to accept it), but at the very least he could take the prize money and donate it to charity or something, I dunno.
What, don't they have a Starbucks there?
I have to say, from reading the comments in this thread, it rather portrays Dylan as a horrible person that is incredibly unlikable. Even the commenters that say they are his fans describe him in a manner that isn't exactly...someone one would want to be a fan for. 

Dylan was before my time, so I don't have much of an opinion on him. But if the commenters here are any indication, I don't think I would like him very much. He sounds rather stuck-up and bratty. 
I agree with Bob, it's a stupid reason to get a Nobel Prize.
Well, if he went he'd never be able to leave...
It's his right to ignore the nobel prize, just as much as it's my right to think he's acting like a spoiled little child. There's is absolutely no point in being this annoying about it. Especially in these cynical times, protesting all over the place but a simple act of gratitude seems impossible for him. 
Everything about the way he's reacted to receiving this award it's as if he doesn't feel he deserves it.
He knows that he doesn't deserve it!
Bob Dylan fucking sucks. 
I'd love it if he showed up with a song about Obama's peace prize.
I'd love it if he showed up with a song about Obama's peace prize.
What an asshole. 
After all. Obama got it also....

Prizes for everyone!!!!
While I respect Dylan as an artist, this seems just arrogant as hell.  I wonder if he has a reason beyond being Bob motherfucking Dylan.
What a dumbass
That's fine because nobody cares about him or his music anyway.

They just hand out awards to anybody these days, huh? When is Vanilla Ice getting his award? How about my sock drawer?
Lazy fuck.
It is that difficult to fly there and say "thank you." ? Stockholm is a nice city. 
Soooo. Hes a complete tool then?
What could possibly be more important?
1000th comment!
If I got a prize I'd drop everything and come. I think he does not want it.
Even he knows he doesn't deserve it. 
Screw you Bob.  Pretentious twat.  No need to be a prick about it.

As someone who likes the music but dislikes the man
wtf I yhought Dylan was dead. The hell is he getting a NPP for?
Seriously a great move on Dylan's part...the Nobel prize is a worthless elitist masturbatory gesture... especially when given to multimillionaires like Dylan. Remember when they gave the peace prize to the guy who went on to slaughter thousands of people? Dylan probably remembers.
Who the hell wants to have his name shared with Community Organizer OBAMA?

If someone as volatile and divisive as Obama gets some "Peace" prize, you know it's a bunch of shit.

Of course, that's par for course with democrats - call something the opposite of what it is -

Examples:

"Affordable" Care Act...

"Tolerable" Left.
You know what, FUCK Dylan! Give me the goddamn prize.
What a dickhole. Dylan should probably get over himself. 
I would like to civilly say Bob Dylan is an ungrateful little shit.
Refusing to show to and collect your nobel peace prize? How graceful, fuck Bob Dylan with a 12 foot street sign post
He is such a dbag 
Well I guess he's still a total prick then. 
Bob Dylan can go fuck'em self.. he has been nothing but a little bitch when it comes to this Award..he doesnt respect it or sharish it and he should be stripped from it..
[removed]
It's been many many years since I read it, but I always remember that that book had a really great ending, like down to the last page.
As a guy I prob read this way to early at 13. Sadly it was the best sex education that ai received growing up. Granted that I'm gay so I didnt need scared straight on that but it did teach me so much on the importance of wearing condoms properly and changed my views on abortion. 
It's been *years* since I read it, but I still distinctly recall many things from it.

I suspect that could be the sign of a good novel.
Free?

Overdrive (with a library card) is really the only legal way to go.
Libra Vox does some classics but they aren't professional so quality varies.
YouTube has a ton of audio books and a fair shair of people doing a fantastic job at reading their favorite books too.
Amazon Audible is fantastic! 
I really do like the stand. But I won't say it didn't bother me. Talking about books I prefer better (aside from the Dark tower series), I would say they are IT (fantastic. The characters and setting were so fantastic. I get the feeling of dread and unease whenever penny wise or the bully (can't remember his name) scenes come up.

Finally, 11/22/63. I loved everything about this book. Didn't really have many complaints aside from one of the scenes not being completely explained. 
Nick and Stu were my favs in The Stand.  IT is a great read.  All the short story books: Skeleton Crew, Different Seasons, 'Full Dark, No Stars', Nightshift; they all have great stories in them.  Tommyknockers was a fun read.  Salem's lot is great.  I am forgetting some of my other favorites because there is so much material from him.  Nightmares and Dreamscapes, Cycle of the Werewolf.  Eyes of the Dragon!!!  Almost forgot about that one!!  It's such a gem.  As for newer stuff, I enjoyed Duma Key.
There are a lot of fans over at /r/stephenking who swear that this is his best book, his masterpiece. I have to respectfully agree. I love the first half of it, but I don't think the ending is nearly as solid. 

What books of his do I like better than The Stand?

11/22/63 is my favorite. 

The Shining, Pet Sematary, The Long Walk, Revival, Misery. Those are all great, too. 

I'd also suggest checking out some of his short stories. I think those are often a lot better than his books are. Everything's Eventual, Nightmares and Dreamscapes, Four Past Midnight, Skeleton Crew --  you can't go wrong with any of those short story collections.

It's surprising to me that you enjoyed the Dark Tower series and not The Stand, since they touch on so many of the same themes and fans of one generally enjoy the other. If it's just his writing style and character building that drew you in, try Dolores Claiborne and Misery. If it was the slightly fantastic setting, you might want to give The Regulators and Desperation a read. My favorite book by King is The Long Walk, and I think it gets a little more relevant every year. Of course, The Shining is an obvious recommendation as it's a great piece of storytelling, and it's sequel Dr. Sleep was entertaining as well, if not terribly memorable. 

King is a very readable writer, but his books are really uneven in quality. I find that I frequently have the same problem as you with his books - I don't care about any of the characters, so it's hard to feel that sense of impending dread that he's obviously trying to build, because I just don't care if that character lives or dies, as long as it moves the story along. But his books are like popcorn - easy to make, tasty, and you want to keep consuming them, but not something you look for when you want a real meal.
I just want to add the at audiobooks for the Stand and IT are really good and add a different element to book.  11/22/63 might be the best audiobook I listened to. 
When I first read The Stand I was about 17 and thought it was the best thing I'd ever read. I revisited earlier this year just before I turned 25 and I couldn't stand it this time around.

My favourite (outside of The Dark Tower I love those books more than anything) is either Salem's Lot or Needful Things. Also liked Duma Key and Revival. Didn't mind Joyland too much either.
It's a great book, but has some significant flaws that keep it from being a true masterpiece IMO.
I like a lot of his, the Stand was great but the ending was such a letdown.  I think Pet Sematery and Misery are his best.  
I've found The Stand to have a great beginning, and I understand it to have a great ending, but me trying to read the middle section is like invading Russia in winter. It's way too vast and nothing happens and I've never even made it halfway through.

I know that doesn't add much to the discussion, it's just a long time disappointment of mine.

The graphic novels are great, at least as far as I've read, which is about one section further than I've read the book itself.
I've been a Stephen King fan for a couple of decades at this point. 11/22/63 is his best work. It's fantastic. 
It's been said many times here, but "It" has fantastic characters. I actually missed them when I finished the book. 

Same exact experience with 11/22/63. 
The stand definitrly isn't in my top five, that's for sure. It's a good book and I have read it a few times but something about it was just eh. 

My favorite Stephen King book is the tommyknockers! And one of his shorter stories, the long walk. 
I've been looking for a quick recommendation possibly from someone about Insomnia. Has anyone read it? I'd like to start it because it sounds very interesting and I love SK, but the book is a decent commitment.
I think King does his best writing in his shorter "non-epic" works like the Green Mile, Joyland, and the Long Walk. I actually think Joyland is his best work since the 80's. I enjoyed 11/22/63 but am generally surprised at it's reputation. I mean I thought it was good and all but not necessarily exceptional. 

As for The Dark Tower series the less said about the last 3 books the better. They were, particularly the final book, massively disappointing for those who had read the earlier books as they were released. 
Great book. However, like most King I find some parts are better then the whole. 

The beginning, the jail scene, and some of the dreams were all brilliant pieces of writing. 

Then you start to see it as a whole. The pacing dips and dives. The ending is horrible. Finally who asked for 100 some odd pages of government building? Not me. 

With all that being said it's a great piece of writing that kept me intrigued for 1200 pages. 
Misery and the shining are my favorites. Most of his short story books are great too.
Thank you for sharing this. 
Are you tricking everyone into doing your homework?
Well, it's a movie on Netflix. It's not what your looking for, but I guess you might like that.
The scene where Scout interrupts the mob about to storm the jail, and is just chatting innocently with her neighbors and has no clue there could have been violence against the prisoner and even her father. That scene makes me cry. 
It's just going. If you want a Kerouac book with more answers, check out Dharma Bums, Lonesome Traveler..
I'd do the same as Sal Paradise if I could always go home to Mama when I ran out of money.
While I don't remember any particular details about the book, (I read it about 20 years ago), I do recall it was an awesome read. 
Well i just picked up dune and started recently
Ooh a list of things to read yay!

My recommendations:
Fear the Sky trilogy by Stephen Moss 
Ancillary Justice trilogy by Anne Lecki
Oryx & Crake trilogy by Margaret Atwood

Maybe some of these are obvious or not new but all very good reads 
I'd highly recommend the Expanse series. 
Just signed up with Tor to get their free EPUB book a month. Reading "Spin" currently. Are there any other services like this? 
cool I'll need something after I finish the Red Rising series 
lol I wondered wtf was up with this list [until I saw the author](http://arstechnica.com/author/annalee/)
The greatest science fiction novel of all-time, in my humble opinion, is Dune by Frank Herbert. Next comes pretty much anything written by Arthur C. Clarke. Old school I know, but unbeatable. Does anyone know if any more recent sci-fi novels come close? Would be interested to hear people's opinions.
This article has too many fantasy books in it. The article title says Science fiction. 
ignoring the subjective factor that tastes vary and so does the focus of the reader,, there are a few things that can indicate good writing even if the reader *doesn't* like the book itself.

first is tight plot work. no things done by fiat, no holes that can't be worked around by the internal structure of the story, world, or rules built in to the story. preferably that plot will be coherent as well, but I've seen non linear and chaotic structure where the plot was still very solid and tight (invisible monsters by Palahniuk as an example).

characterization. each character should be  consistent to themselves and the world they're in. any protagonist should be fleshed out and mostly complete. ideally this should be done with minimum exposition, though that can be a good thing depending on how it's done. what is vital is that once the writer has established the persona, motivations and core drives that they be adhered to until and unless the story changes them.

character vs plot. sometimes one or the other isn't very important compared to the other. that's okay. But most of the time attempting to do a purely character based story with little or no plot is going to fail. without some form of movement in time, no character can be more than a sketch. It's possible to do it in shorter narrative forms, but still difficult.

 The reverse is also true. a great plot with nothing more than names and physical descriptions isn't going to work. You have to try to make at least one character that's more than a vague idea for the reader to attach to. otherwise you're just writing history. The silmarillion is my best example of that. great craft, superb world building, with truly epic plots. But the characters are just dry historic figures. 

dialogue. It's possible to do entire novels without dialogue, but it isn't very effective and takes serious planning. even if that dialogue is purely internal, any voice must be distinctive. if there's two pages of two or more characters speaking it's very easy to get lost unless there are cues as to who is speaking. Just putting down : and then character x says "blah" works, but it's lazy. The best writing will do it where the manner of speech, word choice, or lack thereof can do the job instead.

while laurell  k Hamilton is  a mediocre overall author, one thing she does well is making the character voices distinct. sometimes it's just lazy use of French, or using pet phrases. But it does work. You can read her longest, most boring and pointless six pages of empty chatter and you can still tell who is speaking at any time. (okay, that's failed for a few books here and there since she has a revolving cast in the dozens, but mostly she does it.) now if she could just get her plot and pacing down....

pacing: it's harder to pin down, because what pace you use isn't super important. It can be end to end manic race or a careful plod, or anywhere in between. But the really good writers find a way to balance it out. they'll use different phrasing and word choice to push the reader into feeling the pace as well. James Patterson is my example of a true pro at pacing. You never get bored from anything too slow, but you never get irritated at too many things happening at once. Dean koontz is very good at it too. horror writers and action/suspense authors in general either learn their pacing or don't sell very well.

the other big one is word play. I don't mean just throwing out words that sound pretty together, though that helps. It's a more subtle thing. The really great writers can use single syllable words like a scalpel, then bludgeon you with a single sentence. they use words to not only tell a story, but to make you feel and think in ways you otherwise wouldn't.  the can also put a great deal of themselves into the work that way. doing that can convey their thoughts to you so that you can sink into the book outside yourself.

 in my mind, Vonnegut may be the best at that, but I think he did it less through craft and more just by being himself. Twain is probably  the best example of it as craft though. he could use dialect, local color and mix it with precise speech to truly put his thoughts and images ing your mind.  look at Tom Sawyer. Just by the way he arranges and chooses words he shows this image of life in that era, the characters, the land itself to such a degree that even now it can make new readers feel nostalgia for a time they've never seen. that's pretty impressive.

beyond those big ones, it's down to details. *how* they use the big pieces to put together the end result.
I think it's subjective. What writing style I might like, another may not. For me, I like to connect with the characters and see them grow. I want to escape into the book. 
If you want to write, just do it. 
Does it take the reader where they want to go. So you can have all forms of styles and each can be good in their own way if they accomplish that end. 

You can even have bad writing that is still good writing if the reader enjoys it - because it may be so strong in other areas (characters, plot, dialogue, etc.) that the technical element of the writing doesn't kill it. 

A non-fiction reference for me is Marcus Aurelius versus Seneca. Both were stoic philosophers, both wrote extensively, yet I find the way Seneca writes to be mesmerizing and Aurelius to be very dry and boring. Yet, Aurelius is far better known and respected for his works (probably because he was emperor). 

Point is, Seneca's style speaks to me, Aurelius speaks to others... ergo they are both good writers with different audiences. 
Books, like any art form, are observed through our own bias and preferences...so by its very nature you are relegated to a subjective process. It's easy to determine what makes a book "good" or "bad" for a given reader, but once you try to expand that determination beyond the individual you get into trouble.

First, what criteria is going to be used?  Is hard clean prose prized? Then Hemmingway would rank high, and Faulkner low. Is rich prose and detailed descriptions preferred? Then the ratings would flip.
Before you can even start to rank books, you need to determine what the criteria to rank against consists of.

Okay, but let's say you get a set of respected people to agree on those criteria, there is no objective way to rank them. I've had praise by the depth of my characters from one person and chided by another for them being too shallow. The book is the same, it can't be both?  But in fact it can.  As other books read and preferences in those books will come into play.

What's important to know as an aspiring author is what appeals to YOU.  Write the book you want to read. Make it the best it can be, the only audience you have to satisfy is yourself.  Do that, and much of the rest will take care of itself.
I feel like it's personal opinion that decides if a book is well written. I didn't like either of those books you mentioned, and then you also have a book like Fifty Shades that is just... no words can describe that atrocity yet it's wildly popular.

A book is well written, in my opinion, if it can take you into that world through description alone. Take the Harry Potter books for example, you can feel how tiny and cramped his cupboard is in the first book, and the ability to feel and grow with him continues through out the series. You cry at the deaths. You dance at the victories. You smell the butterbeer and you see the tables and lights in the great hall.

A well written book also has a plot that draws you in from the start. It makes you feel like you're standing right there with them. There are a lot of well written books for all ages. Coming from someone who loves to write, sit down and read and try to be objective of both horribly written books, and books you enjoy. If you lose yourself in the book, you might need to reread it to figure out what the author did to draw you in like that. See how they spin the fabric of the tale.

Hope this helps. 
Agreed with the above. 
For me it is when you almost forget the writing and it doesn't jump you out of the story. 

Things like repeated phrases and unique words used too often will usually kick me right out of a story. 

Also believable realistic characters that are multifaceted and have consistent motivations behind their actions. 

Protagonists that ACT. They don't just react to things happening to them (the hunger games books I think are written terribly for this reason). 

And for me personally, if a writer can express what it is to be human well I think is a good book. No matter how outlandish the plot, if there is that common human element expressed well it really brings home the story. An excellent example: Iain Banks' The Bridge. It's a rather crazy and fanciful story but at its core it is all about being human. Very powerful. 
>The Song of Ice and Fire books are considered by my to be amazingly written.

Eh... Are we talking plot or prose? The prose is pretty weak and repetitive. The narrative is impressively complex, though gets progressively messier as the books go on. You can tell he makes it up as he goes along.
The most important things, for me, are the characters. I can deal with a subpar plot and worldbuilding, but if I hate the characters then I'm going to hate the story. Shoot, some authors can make me love that I hate the characters and that's great! Also, something very weird for me; I hate long chapters. I like them to be no more than 12-15 pages. That way I'm able to find good stopping points often. That makes me want to read longer. If I get to the last 30 min before bed and I'm reading a book where the author keeps a consistent 30 pages for a chapter, it makes me want to stop early rather than having to worry about stopping in the middle of a chapter. I have to be up for work at about 4am every day and I work 7 days a week (get about 1 day off a month) so I'm not a fan of staying up too late. Even when I'm completely engulfed in the story
A well-written book is a book that doesn't bore me.  Very rare.
Jon Stewart is God!
The scene in the beginning of the first book with the owl in the barn...nightmares for a good week, lol. But I really enjoyed the series as well!
I have a work-in-progress [Harry Potter library](http://imgur.com/a/Sj3hx) in my house with the greatest chair I have ever owned.
This is my corner. I've been jamming more and more books on that tiny shelf for too long, though. http://imgur.com/a/y60np
My usual position is standing up, leaning against the window of the train on my commute and packed between other travellers. I wouldn't recommend it for comfort, but it's still the place where I get most of my reading done...
I actually prefer to lie down on a bed or couch while reading... hunching over a book in a chair for long periods can be uncomfortable.
I wish I did. I'd love an actual easy chair, in a quiet nook just for reading, with good lighting. I do most of my reading propped up in bed. Lately with a foam wedge and some pillows. Very comfy, but not the same as an easy chair. 
Most of the time I am on my bed, on my stomach, with my hands hanging off the bed. I would love a quiet little corner for myself, but do not have the space for that at the moment.
http://imgur.com/W1WmQQx

Cat. Sun. Giant beanbag.
:D
I usually just sit on the couch/bed
_coughs_ my bedroom? 
In my leather recliner.  God I love it
I either lay on my stomach on the bed most of the time or sit on my LoveSac, if its nice out on the back porch.

I have a blanket fort set up as a sort of reading nook. 
Jacuzzi, molton brown bubbles & classical music on. Bliss.
4: The US sold Japan 80% of her petroleum and 100% of her scrap metal used to power both its country and its wars and Roosevelt decided to use economic pressure instead of troops to get Tokyo to change her ways. In 1940, he restricted the sale of scrap metal and aviation-grade oil, and when Japan then continued her conquests, in July 1941 Roosevelt froze Japanese assets in the US and forced the Japanese to use export licenses for oil, meaning that Washington could refuse to issue the licenses and cut off the supply at any time. When some in FDR’s cabinet insisted they should stop the export of all petroleum products to Tokyo, the president, worried about what Nazi submarines torpedoing American merchant ships in the Atlantic, said that might trigger “the wrong war in the wrong ocean at the wrong time.” but these embargoes would let him “slip the noose around Japan’s neck, and give it a jerk now and then.” When this new system went into effect, however, Assistant Secretary of State Dean Acheson and Treasury Secretary Henry Morgenthau arranged so that Japan’s frozen funds would not be released to buy American petroleum, creating a full embargo. Roosevelt did not understand what had happened until early September, when the president was talked out of reversing the policy because doing so would look like weakness. 
First nugget: In the autumn of 1941, Prime Minister Konoye was replaced by War Minister Hideki Tojo who, was five feet two inches tall, weighed about 110 pounds, wore enormous tortoiseshell spectacles, and had a repulsive resumé. He had served as chief of the Kwantung Army that had terrorized China with war crimes, and then he’d been head of the Kempeitai—the secret police. While war minister, he had a book of conduct published that included: “Do not suffer the shame of being captured alive,” which turned the Pacific theater into one of history’s most gruesome battlefields. When Tojo was captured by American forces in 1945 and needed new dentures, the American dentist who made them had “Remember Pearl Harbor” engraved on them in Morse Code. 

Nugget 2: Of the 15 prime ministers leading Japan in the 14 years of the Great East Asia War (WWII), Prince Fumimaro Konoye held the reins twice. He tried to arrange for a peace summit with Roosevelt in Alaska, but those attempts failed — one of many moments where the United States could have come to terms with Japan and entirely avoided Pearl Harbor and the Pacific theater. Konoye had a remarkable method for eating at parties; a geisha follow him with a pair of chopsticks and a bowl of boiling water; he’d point the fish he wanted, and she would shabu-shabu the piece for a few seconds, and then use the chopsticks to place it in the prince’s mouth. 
You will hear journalist talking about putting a story to bed as though they've created a final telling. But you never hear historians saying this. Because history is always changing and evolving. It is fluid. And 50 years after the research was completed on the last definitive history of the story, it's time for a brand-new one, because so many more things have appeared since. We have a new understanding of the Japanese government in the 1930s, new insight into what the Americans experienced on December 7 in Pearl Harbor, and 70 years to contemplate the ramifications of Pearl Harbor, ramifications which continue to this day.
When you write a story, what is your writing process?
You add so many interesting details to your stories....how do you find all of this great information and amazing back stories on the persons involved in your writing of this totally amazing book!!!!!!  I loved it!!!!

I want to question is how do you like being a new york times bestselling historian and author? 
What was the most interesting thing you found in your research? 
3: The cover of this book is the USS Shaw at the moment a strike penetrated its powder magazine. When it came to high-level horizontal bombers, the Japanese didn’t have any shells that could penetrate a battleship’s high-armored decks, the ones that they had didn’t fall straight, and their bombsight technology was so primitive their hit rates were a joke. After days of experiment and failure, Tako Fuchida’s teams finally came up with an answer. By adding metal fins to a sixteen-inch, seventeen-hundred-pound battleship shell to ensure it would fall nose-first, and then dropping it from a height of eleven thousand feet, the shell’s weight, combined with the power of gravity, created a bomb that could penetrate a battleship’s deck. Mad Genda came up with an novel strategy for his high-altitude horizontal bombers, suggesting that, “If your bomb hits directly beside the turret and if it explodes in the powder magazine, the ship will be reduced to fragments.” The crews had a hard enough time just hitting ships, much less turrets, and the officer in charge pleaded, “Genda, don’t ask such unreasonable things!” Ganda said: “Do it with spiritual strength!” As it turned out, the most famous and devastating high-level strikes at Pearl Harbor, Arizona and Shaw, would be those that struck directly by a turret and exploded in powder magazines exactly as Genda had hoped, turning the American warships themselves into bombs.

Can you (please) attempt to write a story for me on one sentence? Not a super long sentence, I just wanna see what you can come up with.
Just nipping the inevitable "self promotion" reports in the bud, I see.
