Version 3.6.0 of praw is outdated. Version 4.0.0 was released 1 day ago.
What are some meals you would recommend making that takes less than thirty minutes?
Hey, Robb! I was a long time fan of your column in Houston Press. I think you decided to retire due to potential conflict of interest as a co-owner/co-investor in El Real,  and although it was the right decision your column is sorely missed.

Three questions

1)  Can we get El Real's Freddy Fender put on the dinner menu?  It's literally the best thing on your lunch menu but opinions vary on whether it can be served at dinner time and how much it should cost.

2) Will we see you write another food column or are you done with the publishing deadline grind?

3) If you could collaborate with another Houston chef, who would it be and what cuisine do you think you'd serve?


do you have any good vegetarian taco recipes? i really want more than just bean and cheese or tofu and guac.
What's your secret chili recipe?
You have any sauce recommendations for chicken breasts? 
1. How did you decide that you wanted to do food writing, or write about folk foodways?

2. What has been your most memorable food experience?

3. What question do you wish someone would ask?

4. What piece of kitchen equipment do you recommend most?
Robb, 

Your choices for favorite dishes and restaurants are always either already on my list or you tip me off to them. My dad is 77, born and raised Houston, and we frequent El Real. Fantastic recipes.

I'd actually love to hear about your favorite Vietnamese dishes in the Houston area, and maybe a brief line about your first Vietnamese food experience. Always the first cuisine I reach for after being away from Houston for any amount of time.

Thanks!
Hey Robb, ate at The Pit Stop in Houston recently and I thought it was phenomenal. Have you been? Is it just me or is bbq in a renaissance? 
What do you normally cook and eat in a week? How many big meals do you cook, how many leftovers do you have? I struggle with wanting to make everything from scratch every meal and that makes for a tough thing to accomplish. 
When are you coming to Australia to teach us how to do BBQ the American way? We only have a small percentage of people who get in to it so there's hardly any restaurants that do it properly.

Maybe you're the guy to get it all started way down here.

Plus you could claim it as work related expenses and get a free holiday ;)
when's your next top X taco trucks update? last time was in 2014. but there are like 5 new taco trucks springing up around the city each week. it should be an untapped gold mine right now as you can't even google/yelp these places.
Favorite folk foodway? Weirdest? Isolated? 
What are some of your favourite oysters festivals around the world?
What's something you thought you hated till someone prepared it right
What's your preferred way to eat oysters, and why?  Any sauces or styles you'd recommend?
Hey Robb, 

Just wondering what your experience is academically as far as the culinary arts, thanks. 
Best Pho in Galveston?  Haven't had much luck...

Also, thanks for writing the Tex Mex Cookbook.  I use it often and would recommend this for anyone who would like to make good Tex Mex at home.
You call that toast?
No way that's toast!
Average food for an average vacation.
Everything in this picture is subpar
"toast" with terrible bread
"Cheese"
Looks like a $30 room service breakfast that you reluctantly eat because you are hungover AF and can't get yourself to leave your hotel room. 
That is one egg, bacon and (1 slice) of cheese on white bread. 
What is this? Facebook?
Expert orange slice placement.
Put the butter on the ~~toast~~ bread *before* you put the eggs on it. 
Disappointed that the orange(?) slice doesn't line up with the horizon.
Was this today? Damn, way too cold to eat outside hahahah
That boat needs to watch out for the lemonburg!!!

also, the bacon couple looks like they're comfortably laying in bed :)
Did your friend get 4 fried chickens & a coke?
Looks like Scheveningen... Also, it looks like an uitsmijter. :D
What are those, crow's eggs?  Watch out for the Crotein.
You really should have changed the angle so the slice of fruit was peaking out from the horizon.


See how you lemon wedge doesn't meet up perfectly with horizon. 0/10 would not buy 
*ok food, ok view*
How's your vacation going?
If you were in France one egg would be an ooph.
Noumea?
If only the sunny side was up. 
Its nice you can see the sun coming up on the horizon.
I think that's my cruise ship in the distance. 
The way that the liquid in the glass matches up with the sea.
i would have moved the glass slightly back or the camera a bit lower to make the bottom edge of the orange slice line up with the horizon. ;)
Please note the bacon looks fine.  Carry on

I'm glad I'm not the only one *slightly* annoyed by that orange slice not lining up with the horizon. And by slightly I mean I can't look at this shit now. 
That boat is three miles away
This looks awful
Its just water...
I ate normal breakfast & drank orange juice in a champagne glass on a boat. Dollar Tree luxury right there
LOL Looks good enough to me OP. Everyone is in here shitting on you acting like you're proclaiming this as some delicacy. It's fucking eggs, bacon and cheese on some slightly under toasted toast. Calm down people. 
As I sit having oatmeal and bad coffee, in a dingy cubical, located in cold and dreary Saint Louis, Missouri... I kind of hate you for showing me this.
Geez all these people need to relax, OP this looks delicious and your vacation looks awesome and I'm extremely jealous.
That is an excellent view, but that is bread, not toast.
You call that a view, there's a curb blocking your view of the beach.
Ooh its a lovely scene and a delicious meal
I am offended! >:-/ The view is more than okay. You take that back op! 
Eh... looks cloudy. Go somewhere else. 

Anyways, back to my retail job! 
Seagull INC!
I tried to order toast once in a Croation cafe. They didn't understand till I said "fire bread" and pointed to the outdoor bbq. 

They made me toast for my eggs. Cooked on the bbq baby! 
Obligated to comment by username
Share that recipe pohpo. I need those tasty little pleasure triangles. 
Ah, only made one serving, I see.
I just recently have really gotten into Indian food. I've tried 5 different places. It's amazing how different in quality and how things are cooked at the restaurants. I found one I love, and now it's mine! 

These look fantastic. Nice and crispy :P
Read this as Somoas, as in cookies.  Saw the preview picture, but still had hope.
You have my mouth salivating. Nice job!
I literally just ate these!! 

Not yours. From a restaurant.. it was my first time, got excited. 
True story, so I stared working with a new co-worker who was young and I felt I needed to mentor him. Fast forward a few weeks I invite him and his fiancé over to have dinner with me and my fiancé. 

So they bring a dish over ( they're from Kenya so they call it "Sambusa"). We had a basic dinner. Stuffed chicken, dirty rice vegetables you know a Caucasian dinner... I'm thinking these " sumbusas" are like a pastry or rather a dessert but I digress, so I wait till after dinner to taste them. 

These things are the best things our taste Gods have brought to this earth... Needless to say I regularly ask his wife to make them on occasion. 
Am I samosa eat those with a sauce?
I ate these in Nepal. 15 rupees a piece. Fucking delicious.
They look like big pizza rolls. 
Is there much of a difference between this and a empanada?
Thought these were pizza rolls at first glance... 
Those s'mores look disgusting.
Poa. Jikoni nimeenda! Asante.
Uzbek Samosa
https://silkroadchef.com/2015/04/05/samsa-baked-meat-buns/
Went to an Indian graduation party. Was worth it just for these things.
It's samOOOsas not samosAAAs
These smores are terrible
I've eaten samosas for years having lived in...
Cold wet northern England.  In fact I've got a bag in the freezer after a neighbour popped round 'cos her mum had made too many.

They're gorgeous. After you fry them the little crunchy bits break off when you bite into them. But you don't know which one will go first cos you've got one corner in your mouth and you have to scrape up pastry bits as your stuffing minced lamb and veg in your gullet. 
This is amusing to see I'm from India and I havnt seen samosas like this before here they are larger but yeah it's Indian samosas don't get too fought instead due to the spices and chutney(sauces) it becomes the most savoury part.
Ho-ly shit. I was just telling someone at work about these. I had them once 11 years ago when I worked at a dollar store run by an Indian woman, and have craved them since. 
I used to think these were Indian but but found out they are all over middle east and africa 
...Weekend plans: confirmed.  
Looks like Spanakopita
Fried triangles om nom nom
Congrats on the modern art https://i.imgur.com/8hD4MKp.png
I make these all the time. If only I knew they could make front page. 
The Samosas I get from the local Girl Scouts look nothing like that :(
hm. i see. these aren't mimosas, or samoas. 
People are arguing about where its from, but everyone should realize is more common than you think. Ive been having it my whole life, in Jordan, we call is a sambusa. filling is usually ground beef, or cheese, or vegetables. Other varients can cover the shape, the shell type, and the filling. But we just keep it simple and call it a sambusa regardless. Love these things. 
Looks great! What's in them? 
Hngg
God damn  they look sooo  good
THIS.IS.ART. I respect the work that go into these. Great job
I thought this was a gif.
They look like extra dank triangular pizza rolls
if you have an indian resturant near you. try them there first . half of the reason they are so good is cuz of the pastry and the chutney with it
I love samosas!

Literally never heard of these or seen them.  Looks tasty tho
All they are is chocolate, graham cracker, and marshmallow. How difficult would that have been?


Please send some! 
Wow those look AMAZING.  
My mom makes the best mamosas and these look just like them :)
🙄😮
Gonna make some tomorrow 
These look great. Nice job. 
For an alternative, we use tortillas that you can buy at supermarket. 
They turn out pretty good 
Looks suspiciously like the Trader Joe's samosas 
I always get confused between this and a mimosa
I just ate a couple today. 
The trick with the dough is to roll it as thin as possible. You should almost be able to see through it. 
i want some
Yum! Ate these at Bonnaroo every year!!
OG pizza rolls
Never heard of samosas before but fuck those look amazing
wow looks beautiful!! 
Look awesome.
I thought the thumbnail was some artwork from the game Heavy Rain
Would have loved if one had been broken in half so you can see inside!
 I didnt get my breakfast yet... and its currently 9.55am... 
Eat it from a road side shop in India 👌🏻
What is the traditional dough used? Those look fantastic by the way!
Are tiny samosas or is the bowl just huge?

I've never seen samosas with such thin crust, I would really like to try that!
Im not sure what a samosa is, but that looks delicious.
This is such an aesthetically pleasing picture!
NICE picture!
Omg I haven't had those since I was in africa.. so good!
They look deliscious and all, but with that lighting they look a bit...sinister. 
I dont need it.... I dont need it.... I NEED IT
Oh how good do they look! I've been having cravings for those bad boys 😱
Could someone post the recipe? I only have mobile and my phone refuses to open the link.
We got these everywhere in Portugal too their called chamuças. I always thought they were traditional from here because even the supermarket sells them. I'm an idiot 
I don't know what this is but, it looks delicious!
those look fantastic! 
I'm a simple man. I see samosas, I upvote.
I would literally eat that whole bowl in 2 minutes.
Going by the shell it looks like a healthier samosa. The truth is, samosa and health can never be used together. It just doesn't sound right.
As a Kikuyu I humbly approve these samosas.
Damn. I read Samoas. Extremely disappointed now.
Gosh I love those yumm 
Love the mini triangle samosas. My grandma makes them and it's always good with a nice hot sauce! 
how?
I'm sure the food tastes good, but that is some gorgeous photography you've got going on there. 
More like home made orgasms 
This looks looks like talent and skill.
Every time I go into Whole Foods, it appears as if no one ever buys their samosas at the buffet. I always feel bad. I like samosas but I'm convinced since they're always there that Whole Foods doesn't make good ones :P
Wow!
Yum!
A very nice photo.  
Website not working

Upvote for the bird's-eye-view photo.
looking so yummy ! I am going to try it on this weekend .

I don't know what they are, or what is in them, but they look fucking delicious. 
No... Just no.. Why isn't it super deep fried :(
Delicious. 
These are identical to the ready made Swad ones that are ready to fry. I make it all the time. 






Nice try
I just had these over the weekend for the first time and they are awesome 
I watched for like 20 seconds totally expecting one of those "Nasty" gifs
You spelled "pizza pockets" wrong
You got sauce though?
Not only does that look delicious, but kudos to you for a legit beautiful photograph.
This is an Indian Dish and it's pretty common in India. In India they are pretty common with most of the roadside stalls selling them. I used to love them back when I was a kid.

Source: I live in India
Yummmmmm.
looks like frozen
That's a Somali traditional food made by them😍😍😍😍 I'm proud to be Somali
Looks exactly like the frozen chicken samosa from trader Joes I.e. delicious
Nice, but they are like $1.25 each within walking distance from me. They are so big two is enough for a meal. 
My wife loves those damn things. I don't like them. These look nicer than some I've eaten but I bet they still taste like cat-butt :)
The folding procedure is a bit wrong but it sure looks tasty!!!
Woah, that dough recipe looks mildly intensive; imo temperature control and precise measurement in all ingredients and cooking surfaces are VERY crucial.
I absolutely love these things. I love Indian food. I love asian cuisine.

I'm hungry.
You use much less orange juice and champagne than I do
what type of camera/lens? iso?
Didn't realize  the Indian diaspora had such an effect on East African food.
love love love samosas, especially spinach ones :)
Pizza rolls
Why does English calls it Samosa while the people that made it call it Sambosa? 
hakuna Matata...
as an indian, i approve 
Did someone ring a bell? Cuz my mouth is watering like crazy
The noses of your enemies?
I am about 99% sure those are out of the box mini samosas. I worked at a place that used them and they look exactly the same. Size shape everything.  
How many calories does a single samosa contain?
Those are some nice looking pizza rolls
yumm!! Gotta tell my mom to make some soon! What do these have inside them?
These look amazing!  Although, at first glance, I thought they were pizza rolls.
It's interesting how every culture has their own version of this. I grew up on midwestern polish foods, i.e. Pierogis. I love all foods, and samosas are an absolute treat to me. They're basically the same concept: a potato filling with onion and spices. The Italians have ravioli and the Chinese have dim sum. It's truly amazing how closely connected we are with food.
I made a cocktail based around these
Yes
I haven't had samosas in years! I know what I'm making this Friday night. 
damn, it's late, but damn i'm hungry now.
My goodness they look perfect. Yummy. 
All I see are fried dough triangles, how hard is it to cut one in half and present it's contents? These stupid pics are posted so often of the outside of something, come on guys, we need to see THE INSIDE. Cut one in half and place it nicely on the pile with the stuffing facing up and out. 
Are those like pizza rolls?
I thought those were Totino's pizza rolls 
This reminds me of the first time I had a samosa. I heard that there was a club of foreign exchange students meeting, so I thought heck, I've never ate middle eastern food in my life. So long story short, I showed up to a meeting in which I knew nobody just to try some food. It was good 10/10, would do again. 
Egg rolls for ninjas

I thought Samoza was a Nicaraguan dictator.

Don't know what they are, but they look like my new favorite food.

What is the filling?
These s'mores taste terrible 
I make these often and always have a stock in the freezer for unexpected guests.
I just discovered these last year and love them!  Unfortunately, I've only had the grocery store deli version :(
Super white dude here: about 10 years ago I worked in a recycling plant that was primarily Africans and Hispanics (not African Americans, the real Africans) the whole experience changed my perspective on Africa really, these guys were really fucking smart, most of them spoke 5+ languages, oddly enough they were OK with working at a recycling plant though, as I know some are still there to this day. There was a whole crew of litterally dudes named Abdi, which I think is the African equivalent of John Dave maybe. Litterally like 10 Abdis, there was an Abdi Fisaad, Abdi Hussane, Abdi Riwali, and even an Abdi Abdi. Lol. There was also a really small Abdi who might have been 5 feet tall and maybe about 110 lbs soaking wet boots full of piss. We called him "Lil Abdi". Anyway, they always had some fucking amazing food for lunch, and when they weren't praying 5 times a shift, or sneaking off to smoke cigarettes laced with cocaine and chewing the planty-meth shit which I forget the name of at the moment- they would go out of their way to share their food. I got to try these taste triangles one time, they are like the African version of Lumpia, but better almost (mind you Lumpia is one of my favorite foods ever).
i've seen prettier ones
triangular pizza rolls? nice
Ah man I had a couple of these at this ethnic food store, the owner had an African wife and she made them. So friggin tasty, I wish there was some place I could get them!
More like gimme some-mo-of-those-sa's!
Nah those are pizza rolls
Isn't samosa a Indian Food
Vyas?
Do a little little film on how you make these wonderful packets of flavour. Thank you. They look so tasty :)
What if we stuff them with meat? It will taste awesome. 
I prefer the ones that burn twice. 
Low-key this looks like the Yellow Star of David. 
Idk why that came up lol don't ask.
I challenge somebody to make Tostitos pizza rolls replica.
Ohhh My Favourite Samosa.  
looks tasty
I would like some "draniki" from Belarus :)
I bet you gotta be Indian like me to like such dishes. They are always tasty!
You should try filling them with spicy white cheese, you're welcome
feeling hungry
IT reminds of very Ramdan Muslim table I sit on
What witchcraft! ...... a kg* 
My gf make me this ,but taste strange...I'm not sure how she did it.
Looks like pizza bites
They are heavenly with a sweet tangy tamarind chutney, which is how it's served here in Kolkata. Also, cauliflower samosas are delicious. 
Yummy. These look really similar to a version of Egyptian sambusa (I believe the name is the same in Kenya) but we use a phyllo like dough. So addicting. 
Oh, those look so good. I tried them once on New Year's Eve, and it was perfect for a chilly night and probably helped prevent the hangover from becoming worse.
US is about to invade that bowl!!!
Give them to me now. 
Omg yes I love these. First time having them is here on my deployment in Kuwait. They are delicious. I keep going back to the food place to buy them! Hope this recipe is close to the beef ones here!
Indian here. You don't know anything about samosas until you eat one in the streets of old Delhi. 
I love it. Ramadan's essential dish
One of these days someone will post the photos of them making it, too.
Yummy
Let's share
I like it very much!
in morocco we call them breewat and they're freaking delicious *_*
its a Asian Food "Pakistani"

they are too much tasty :)
This looks like Patti samosa!
Are those like, real life pizza rolls?
Illuminati bites.
Things like somuch make it to front page!!! Why no I post them then? -_-
I've never had one. What are they like?
Looks like spanikopita to me. 
Looks so yummy and crunchy i want to eat please send 
Maaaaaaaan this is so much work can you freeze these or how do you fit this activity into your daily chores because they sure look tasty.
Suggestions on a recipe for sauce to dip these bad boys in?
R/TriangleFood
In Canada you can get 3 for a dollar. Which is pretty God damn tasty.
Brriwat???

HMMMM
*samboosak
Are they meat or veg? God I love meat ones.
Samoseh
Wow it seem's yummy
Michael Scott:
https://youtu.be/wwTDFh17CGU
Mother of god they look amazing, It's like I can smell and taste them through my computer screen...almost
Dorito shaped pizza rolls
At first glance, I thought they were pizza rolls 
I really love the composition of this photo. The all black background is really stunning for contrast.
Where's the green dipping sauce?
From the miniature picture on the front page, it looked like a Christmas wrapping bow that you stick on. [One of these things](http://www.freeimageslive.co.uk/image/view/8634/_original)
Toninos ala microwave
WOULD EAT
They look like triangular pizza rolls
I don't care if you're male or female or a goat. Marry me.
This is a stunning photo of samosas. The black background accentuates the crispy chewiness of the pastry shell.  
I read that as Samoas, and became extremely confused.
R these pizza rolls 
In India, for a $ you can get atleast 10 of these.
I don't know what those are but if it looks like a pizza roll then...
Amazed to find this Indian dish as an Kenyan recipe!
Niece
please post in /r/indianfood
Will try this thanks :)
holy heckin awesome
Where did you get these special pizza rolls!?
If they are veggie then they are pointless. But if they're beef... 
They look like pizza rolls
My French Canadian grandmother used to make these ALL the time for us!! Haven't been able to find her recipe since she passed (it's probably tucked in a cupboard somewhere) so I'm excited to try this 
These aren't samosas -- they're some weird bastardized version using springroll wraps.

  
Oh my need some curry to dip it in. 
Fun fact! Samosas are banned in Somalia because they believe it represents the holy trinity. 
Chutni?!? 
who doesn't love سمبوسة! it's typically Minced beef and some veggies.
I've ate it all my life for around 20 years, My favorite was  the CHEESE! variant, paired with [Chapati](http://imgur.com/a/KQQB4)  you'll forget yourself for a couple seconds in how amazing they taste.  Pair it up with hot tea with a bit of vanilla creamer and you'll be exerting moans of euphoria after the taste explosion hits.


Fuck me that looks amazing 
Oh man I love Pizza rolls
Ohh! Are Samosa a Kenyan food? 
I love totinos
Damn I was hoping this was an advertisement for new 3D Doritos..
These s'mores are terrible
I'd just like to point out these aren't exactly samosas. Authentic samosas are much larger (about the size of an apple) and are shaped like tetrahedrons. They are stuffed with spiced potato/vegetables and served with Tamarind chutney. Eating just two of those can be very filling. 

What OP has made is a more modernized "finger food" variant of samosas (mini-samosas if you will) that can be easily dipped and eaten in a single bite. Also quite tasty, of course :)


del-İMMUNİATİ-cious
Pizza rolls?
Are these like the stuffed Doritos? 
Homemade pizza rolls?
I thought these were FUCKING PIZZA ROLLS
Are first glance I hoped this was homemade pizza rolls
I thought those were Doritos stuffed nachos at first.
ahh..yeah?? But..no...3D Doritos were a thing..... So delicious.
My fat ass thought these were Tostino's Pizza Rolls and started salivating.
Looks like tostinos pizza rolls to me. 
I made pizza rolls one time... the whole bag too
[homemade] fancy pizza rolls
oh my god those are perfect please marry me
You're not fooling anyone, Totino's. 
Meh. They ain't tetrahedron in shape. Samosa = Tetrahedron. But who am I to complain. All I get from my wife is a disfigured hideous looking polyhedron in name of Samosa. 
I know that the food is yummy.. but Why do I see filled skin triangles? *Shivers*
Looks like triangular pizza rolls.
Like a filled Dorito
Hey! An Arabic meal 👏👏👏
nope those are pizza rolls. nice try tho 
Dis is some Ethiopian shit. Not that there's anything wrong with it - but not samosas. 
This is Arabian food, Arabian Gulf to be specific. It's very, very popular in the Middle East and it's at every table during Ramadan.
False. Those are hot pocket bites. 
Those pizza bites look soooo good. 
Tostinos Pizza Rolls*
Damn. Reminds me of all those treats the lady would sell on the train in Harry Potter.
Wow OP you ate all of that??
I need one !!
I thought Honeydukes was in Hogsmeade
Hope you also ate the chipirones con huevos fritos from El Quim de la Boqueria. One of the best and most simple meals of my life.
I doubt you ate all those treats. 
I love the dragon eggs in the middle!
I think we all know that's a regular slice of pie on an absurdly large cupcake. 
D'aww, well ain't that the cutest li'l pie you ever did see
Wow, my two favorite kinds of deserts!!
Cute!!
Is that pecan pie/cupcake? That looks fucking delish!
Looks delicious, but I'd rather eat each of those things separately. 
Little biiiiits....
That's cute and looks delicious!
You can find here complete details how to make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ANeXFMr48Y
Only in America
I've heard using day old rice is the key to a good homemade fried rice, is that what you did with this? 
Recipe pls
When I make fried rice it looks remarkably similar to this. 
Oh, my young Padawan, you have [so much to learn](http://imgur.com/a/S724u).
Needs more bacon and egg. I'll "dispose" of this try for you. lol

go make another!
I make this all the time!! Cold jasmine rice, and usually I make bake chicken beforehand (with garlic, ginger, tahini and a bit of chicken broth) then chop it up, make bacon, use the fat to cook the onions, garlic, ginger, then take it out, cook the carrots, peas, eggs, and throw a little white pepper and soy sauce on top to taste :) 
Pork fried rice?
So, bacon fried rice?
I LOVE FRIED RICE. YESSSS
Breakfast fried rice is awesome. Looks good!
I make this shit when I'm too lazy to make a real meal or if I'm drunk and too lazy to make a real meal. It takes me 5 minutes.
Sooo new to reddit; but seems to me if you post a photo of delicious food you made -- you should also include the recipe??? Thanks though to the other users that chimed in. Yep, super hungry now, thanks reddit.
looks dank.
Gosh,this is exactly what I've been making all the time during my holiday when my parents aren't home!reminds me these free time.
BEGGS fried rice
Does anyone else make their fried rice crispy like I do? I just don't understand how people can enjoy "fried" rice when it's soggy. Just seems wrong to me.
l just made this for the house where l work.  Been having  trouble with mushy fried rice.  Read this post and comments.  Left fresh hot rice  as white rice, made an extra- juicy sauce along these lines with bacon, beef meatballs, veggies & put it on top.   Added honey, Korean  teriyaki  sauce, a dash of ginger, 5-spice, a glop of minced garlic, and a little prayer.  
Lessons l got from this afternoon: cold day-old rice, pre-fry the eggs (l had been just cracking  them into the mess) & don't  skimp on the effort of choosing ingredients.  The clients at the disabled facility where l work are all smiling, because we got to work as a team, we got to use the internet, it tasted good, it was reasonably healthy, and they got to help.  l never tasted any of it, just gave them small samples and listened.
lt got kudos.

edit tldr this input just upped my fried-rice game x2
yum! my mom used to make us bacon fried rice growing up cuz it was the "cheap" meat, and i've always loved it
The best fried rice I have ever had did not look this good but it tasted so damn good and had addictive flavor...I have attempted to remake that fried rice for years but without success...if anyone knows what I'm talking about please share the recipe
Bacon?
you didnt cook the bacon separately to get it crispy :(
See: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y43arY_OTc0
CHEESE FILLED NAAN. THERE IS SUCH A THING?? GOD IS GOOD
That's right. There's CHEESE melted inside of the naan. 
I'm gonna eat my phone. 
Chicken tikka masala is my jam.
Isn't cheese naan called paneer naan? Indian place locally has had it for as long as I can remember but I never questioned it. Also I get the mixed platter ( it's all assorted apatizers ) because I can't settle on just one dish, but it's always supplemented with paneer naan and extra vegetable samosas. And now I want Indian food. Edit: I am also always given two cups of dipping sauces, a brown and green sauce. I'm assuming the brown is a ginger and I have no idea what the green is, what are they called? Thanks in advance to anyone who can tell me !
The gods! 
Recipe and instructions please dear christ
Shame on people who post [Homemade] and don't post recipes. Shame, I say! (We know you have them!)

But take my upvote anyway because droollllllll
[removed]
So it's horse, right?
[removed]
Genghis Khan would have been proud of you!
OP hasn't delivered recipe. Probably had it delivered to him and put it on a frying pan...
I seriously wasn't expecting this! Thanks for all the great feedback! 

This dish was so easy to make and I was genuinely surprised at how tasty it turned out. 

I'm really sorry for the delay (I just woke up) but here's the recipe:

For the beef I used about 700g rump steak, sliced. Popped them in a large bowl with 1/4 cup of corn flour (corn starch?) and mixed through well with a pinch of salt until all of the meat was covered and felt dry.

I fried these in organic wild coconut oil (enough to submerge half of the meat in) until they looked crisp, only about 1-2 minutes in total (both sides) or maybe less, sorry I was too busy dodging the oil spits from the pan (please be careful) to fully measure the time, it wasn't long. Oh, and I let the pan get super hot prior to dropping these in, and I did them in batches. I heard that the secret to these types of dishes is to let the pan get really hot, so I guess it was worth it in the end.

The sauce, good god the sauce was so fucking simple but amazing!

1/4 cup cold water
1/4 cup soy sauce
1/4 cup sugar (I used raw brown sugar)

Put that aside for now. It might not seem like a lot of sauce but it sufficiently covered all of the meat.

Next I cut up 8 cloves of garlic and about a teaspoon of ginger, dicing them finely. Cleaning the pan I used previously I put in some more coconut oil and once hot, I browned the garlic and ginger slightly, then I mixed through the meat, poured the sauce over it, mixed it well, turned down the heat and then let it simmer for a bit. I also felt like a kick so I added in some chilli powder, about a teaspoon. Roughly sliced 4 spring onions and mixed them through letting the heat soften them.

Served on white rice.

Sorry guys, I suck with typing up recipes but I hope if you try it, you enjoy it :-)


Yasssssss beef!! 😍😍
You went home and put some Panda Express on a skillet and took a picture
Great caramelization! Well done.
RECIPE.

NOW!
[removed]
The beef looks nicely coloured on the outside, but still moist on the inside! 👌
The Qins had beef with the Mongols too!
I have kind of a specific request, if anyone here can help... I was recently put on zyvox, an antibiotic, and I can't eat anything with tyramine in it... basically any source of aged protein (from aged meats like proscuito and bacon, to most cheese, soy sauce, kimchee, shrimp paste, anything protein related that is fermented really...). Does anyone have any good chinese food recipes that could fit that? Literally everything fresh, literally nothing prepackaged, at all? I miss chinese food ;_;
Goddamn Mongolians!
[removed]
Mmm smexy
Looks delicious!
That looks really good
Someone asked how to make tender. I like to use a flat iron cut and marinate for 24 hours then throw it on a hot grill. Before finishing in a wok with the veggies. 
What makes it mongolian?
Jesus Christ 
Give us the recipee Lebowski!
That caramelization and color in the beef is next level.
Omg. That looks amazing 
hom many Mongolians is that
Looks absolutely delicious. I'll have to try out the recipe some time.
How does this make any sense? You mean to tell me there's exactly one recipe for beef in all of Mongolia? This seems authentic
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Are they suppose to look moldy?
They remind me of the Reptar bars from Rugrats. I rather enjoy that. 
Great crust like melonbuns and perfect cream. Holy shi
t that looks so fuking good. As a jap, that really is a masterpiece.
I personally do not like matcha but dayumm those are gorgeous. 
Looks like something that kills you in Star Trek. But I'd eat it. 
requesting recipe for these. 
these "money shot" annoy  me. from half-cooked eggs' yolk getting splashed in half to these. i hope you licked it clean because it is a WASTE. it is pretentious and  wasteful. 
This isn't what you're doctor meant when he said you should eat more veggies.
My only problem I've ever had with stuffed mushrooms is that they're too mushroomy. Granted I've only ever had store-bought or restaurant cooked, but it just seemed like the taste of the mushroom overpowered what it was stuffed with.
The beer is homemade too 
If I have to
please post a recipe please
- 1/2 pound dry bucatini pasta (I like it bc the hole in the pasta always gives you a good bite!) 
- 6-8 pieces of bacon, cut into pieces
- Some frozen peas 
- A handful of mushrooms (not traditional, but I like mushrooms in my creamy pastas!)
- 2 garlic cloves, chopped
- 2 large eggs, 1 yolk
- 1 cup Parmesan cheese grated
- Salt+Pepper

-Saute bacon until crispy, then remove bacon and set aside. 
-Saute peas and mushrooms in bacon fat, and when cooked add garlic to cook for another min or two. Set aside. 
-Mix eggs, cheese, and salt+ pepper together. Set aside. 
-Cook pasta in super salty water until al dente. Drain. Put back in pot. Awhile pasta is still super hot add all your sides (bacon, peas+mushrooms, eggs+cheese mix) until ALL becomes creamy and combined.
-Add fork. Enjoy. The end! 


Edit: some formatting, then said eff it bc I'm eating.  
Minus points for peas
Nice, I always use a mix of Pecorino and Parmigiano Reggiano I learnt this in a great little restaurant in Bergamo the chef also told me the secret to a great Carbonara is in the eggs! Good fresh healthy eggs :) 
(not keen on the peas but I'm just happy you didn't add cream)
That's amazing. Mine always turns out to dry. What did u do so different. 
Where do you get buccatini from?
Please stop murdering "Carbonara".

Call it "Pasta with peas, mushroom, eggs and bacon", "Peashroomara" or whatever but this abuse towards Carbonara on this sub really makes me sad
Username checks out. 
Zombie burger is the best I love "the walking ched " burger
So how was it?  I'm not sure how the bun would hold up.  
/r/memefood
It's as delicious, rich and exhausting as it looks
My absolute favorite from there is the "They're Coming to Get You Barbara" which has caramelized onions, bacon, and their zombie fry sauce. Oh, yeah, and the buns are grilled cheeses. Can only eat half at a time, but hello yum. 
I did not care for this. I got the Raygun burger last time I was there. It's amazing.
Get out of town, everyone knows the best one is the Trailer Trash Zombie. Comes with fried bacon, cheese curds, fried pickles, and ranch dressing. Definitely takes time off of your lifespan, but oh well.
I have heart burn looking at that. Lol 
Thats at Burger and Lobster isn't it? I mean, your choices maybe give it away a little, but damn I love that place.
Weird that they offer half a burger. That looks like they legitimately made a full burger and cut it in half
serving half a burger and lobster seems pretty weird to me.
How much does something like this cost in London?
"Bring me your finest food stuffed with your second finest!"
"Very Good Sir..."
Ignorance speaking here, but isn't a rare burger bad for you?  I always thought that bacteria that's on a steak die off, even when rare, because it's on the top and bottom of the cut, whilst in ground beef it's churned and mixed throughout the burger, hence you have to properly cook it to kill said bacteria?  yet if that were true, how can a restaurant serve that in good conscience.  I know in Canada it's near impossible to get a burger rare.
With Water?? Where is your pint/wine/whiskey drink?
I went to burger and lobster a couple of times when I worked in London. The burger was amazing. Don't eat lobster personally. 
I went to Burger & Lobster in Bath a couple of months ago and went for the.. burger and lobster (though we got a full burger and full lobster, was £28 I think). 

Burger was ok,  lobster was excellent. Next time will just have the lobster. 


mmmmmm yummy!  both sound amazing right now!
They have one in NYC. I went the other day and had the burger. My husband had a whole lobster and a burger!
Tips: If you wanna avoid long waiting hours, come to Manchester if you are able to. Basically empty during weekdays.
I try to understand fancy cooks always say have a real hamburger to have a little red in it. But I can't do it. I CANT 
Holy shit. How did you get your burger cooked rare/med rare? The rarest I could ever get was medium. And this must've cost an arm and a leg with how expensive it is to eat out in London 

-cheap US southerner who spent a semester in Surrey 
I sincerely hope you were in London long enough to enjoy some of the really special tastes on offer there. 

It world be a crying shame if your highlight meal (although it does look delicious) was from a nationwide chain, especially in a city that offers such an array of unique, creative, quirky and delectable (not forgetting often quite cheap!) culinary treats! 
That needs to be a thing in the US. 
And the government saw the whole thing
Rare ass burger - hope you didn't get sick. 
It looks too raw for me.😟
Shit's raw
Send the burger back. Undercooked

Looks delicious 👍
[More Pictures.](http://imgur.com/gallery/Kf8Id)

[Source.](http://www.recipesfromtheinternet.com/blog/damn-good-crab-bisque)

Ingredients:

* 4 Tablespoons Salted Butter.

* 3/4 Cup Chopped Onion (White or Sweet).

* 4 Tablespoon White Flour.

* 8oz / 1 Cup Chicken Broth.

* 24oz / 3 Cups Milk (2% Milk Fat or Higher).

* 1 Bay Leaf.

* 1 Cup Sharp Cheddar Cheese.

* 1 Pint Heavy Whipping Cream.

* 2 Teaspoons Old Bay Seasoning.

* 1/2 Teaspoon Lemon Pepper.

* 1 Tablespoons Parsley.

* 2 Tablespoons Cooking Sherry.

* 1 Teaspoon Worcestershire Sauce.

* 1 Pound Crab Meat.

Instructions:

* Melt butter on low simmering heat.

* Sweat, Saute, or otherwise cook the chopped onion in the salted butter until translucent (5 to 10 minutes).

* Slowly begin adding and stirring the flour to create a roux.

* Raise the heat to medium low and begin slowly adding the chicken broth, milk, and bay leaf stirring constantly.
(If you want to really step up your flavor game, include some crab and/or lobster shell during this process)

* Continue cooking and stirring at medium low heat for 15 to 25 minutes.

* Remove bay leaf (and shells if you used them), turn off heat, puree mixture with a regular blender or an immersion blender.

* After the mixture is pureed and returned to the pot, put the heat back on to medium low and add the sharp cheddar and continue stirring.

* Once thickened, add seasonings, then whipping cream, and then the crab meat.

* Pour in the recommended amount of Cooking Sherry & Worcestershire Sauce.

* Continue simmering and stirring until crab is thoroughly heated.

* Serve with buttery rolls or biscuits and a glass of chilled Niagara or other white wine.

Those look great. Do you have the recipe? 
I prefer savory in the morning, but looks delicious
Ill take mine with no cilantro, please.
recipe?
But hummus tho
That looks delicious!
Yum tendorolin
Made on the grill?  The tenderloin and the knife look ridiculous.
Kai knives <3
Looks delicious! Did you make your own hollandaise sauce?
Poached eggs look nicely done. 
On top of homemade english muffins and black forest ham.
looks great, sometime try peameal bacon or crispy prosciutto for a difference, I have also tried a croissant instead of muffin..its all good
Lovely poached eggs!
looks like a creepy clown. 
Reminds me of middle school cafeteria pizza.
Huh, didn't expect this from u/iia 
It looks great and like something I could actually make.
lookin good!
Is that pre-cooked chicken or did you assemble raw? 
Mmmm
This pic looks like a 1960s tv dinner billboard advertisement. 
Looks a skeleton mask on the chicken. You could say   You masked the chicken with the gravy very well.
Yessssss. Chicken fried steak. YES YES YES. YES. Looks good. 
I really want some of this. It looks so warm and home-y and comforting.
Replace the asparagus with green beans and you have one of my top five favorite meals. Might have to make this soon. Looks delicious. 
Waiting for all of the butthurt people wanting to see what the inside of that steak looks like.
How could you forget to mention the cornbread in the title? 
Beautiful 
How the bloody do dar do you this? I have the devils own difficulty of eating the mixture in the bowl everytime!
How do I make this?  I have my son's bar mitzvah in two days and we cannot have any food with gluten in it.
It's called caramelization and damn its a beautiful thing!
This was my college job (Clybourne), and to this day nearly 20 years later I tell everyone about Pequod's.

I make a similar pizza at home. Cast iron, layer of crust at bottom of pan, overlay slices of mozzarella across the dough and up the sides of the pan. Cover with sauce. Spinach and mushroom is awesome. Big chunks of pork sausage like they do at the Chicago Pequod's is artery murder.

The restaurant used to give police officers free soda and 50% off food, I don't know how many cops I waited on over the years, with the delivery drivers smoking blunts out back.
With this post rising up the front page "rankings", I think it would be appropriate to mention and remember Burt Katz: the man responsible for bringing this legendary creation to Chicago. 
This is my all time favorite pizza!  It is fucking wonderful!  Back in the days before Uber, when visiting Chicago I'd pay 10 each way by can to get that pizza.
Also some of the best thin crust in the city. Great little place. 
This is the best possible way to carb it up the night before the Chicago Marathon! I stayed up way too late waiting for this pizza but it was so worth it.
[Check this video about Pequods ](https://youtu.be/sTTbZMBaIfE) 
My mom and I would love this stuff
Hello heartburn my old friend.....
Yes that place is the bomb!
[deleted]
Best damn pizza I've ever had in my life. FanDAMNtastic!!!!
Every time I visit Chicago I make it a point to do to Pequods, I love that place!
THIS IS PEQUOD, ON STATION AT PIZZA PARLOR!
Am I the only one that likes his food some what burnt to give it that nice crunchy texture to it?
Not sure why, but that just looks so salty. I feel thirsty just from seeing the picture.
This place was amazeballs. Went here, giordanno's, and lou malnati's while I was in chicago with my girlfriend. Absolutely amazing food in this city.
My favorite!
Still havnt tried pequods. I tried Parlor which was good. http://www.parlorchicago.com
Pequods is my favorite but the two locations are vastly different. I went to the Morton grove location a couple weeks ago and it was no bueno. It was like 3/4 bread with little cheese and very sparsed toppings =(  
I fucking love burnt food
The amount of meat on that pizza is staggering
Looks like shit, Chicago is good at being fat, not good at making pizza.
https://vid.me/zoE9
r/garbage
Hell yeah
Recipe?
Looks amazing. Recipe? I'd like to fall horribly short trying to recreate it.
Looks great, but I'm not sold on truffle and balsamic together in theory. I would assume that the balsamic would overcome the truffle aromas?
I wish you had gotten a closer picture. I can't quite see it.
that steak is gorgeous, would appreciate a shot of it sliced...
*hunger intensifies* 
Beautiful photograph of some beautiful steak.
Not familiar with steak tips. Regional term?
Making my mouth water!
Am I the only one who really really hates balsamic vinegar?
I have always been of the opinions that steak should be very lightly seasoned and should stand on it own(i just really like steak). 

This is making me think i should give this a chance. 
Came here for tips on how to make balsamic and truffle steak. I'm a little disappointed.
Beautiful! Me want steak!
and here I am eating my cup ramen, looking at this thinking that what I am currently eating is that steak :(
:o 😩
Looks really good!
Little baby potatoes and asparagus? 😍 
I wish I could afford meat...
You really need to cut that steak open so we can have a peek.
That steak is so sexy it is almost NSFW
That looks perfect. Yum!!!  I want steak! 
It looks fantastic. How's the inside?
Looks great! Mmm..balsamic AND truffle!
What makes it "truffle"?
I also saw at another restaurant they had truffle mayo. I don't get it. Can some explain?
that looks really good

I would love a recipe

this makes me hungry
Is there a recipe?  Looks amazing.
I can literally smell it through the screen. Damn!!!
Why do these pictures always have to be on the front page when I'm baked and starving with no food in the kitchen. 
My mouth got watery, damn diet!
Yumtown express

Looks delicious. Good job👍
Where do you live and how much do you want?
Glistening = upvotes
You forgot to mark this as NSFW
This was one of my favorite dishes before becoming vegetarian
What's with the green stuff?
Hash browns instead of the green stuff and perfection it will be.
I almost unsubscribed after that Texas barbecue thing yesterday…but this. This is beautiful.
Looks good, but please explain "back alley."
How was it?
The price is fine even compared with that in Hong Kong
No football?
I think I might post a recipe for these things when I get home.
Are you still alive? Back alleys can be sketchy 
They all look to be different shapes, colors, and textures 
It's cheap because they also get the meat from the back alley.
That, is cat meat.
Yum!
Oh I need to try this. 
Every time somebody adds arugula on top of Bolognese an old lady in Bologna (Italy) has a fit and die....

Are those dandelion leaves?
What are the eggs sitting on?
Gordon Ramsey's scrambled eggs would have chives in them, along with creme fraiche, they look almost more like a thick sauce if made  and cooked correctly.
 
I mean no offense to Gordon Ramsay, but he didn't invent that way of cooking scrambled eggs.  Best I can tell it's a French technique.
Well what all did you get on it?
How much did it cost for this magnificent beast?
Yeah with dennys its all about location, the Dennys in my town is superb on everything, the next town over is absoloute shit
I hear you. I had the best breakfast at a IHOP. Which I was surprised with. It's a chain. Not pancakes either. My fiancée loved the biscuits and gravy
And that's not even drunk dennys vision 
r/mildlyinfuriating 
You're surprised you can choose what toppings you want?
great food at the cell
Are those the spicy fried cheese curds? Love those
There had better be a tall glass of milk somewhere nearby. 
I can't believe this is home made! Recipe please
Too ethnic-y for me. 
Have you tried putting chips inside the sandwich? It's pretty good and adds a nice crunch. Dunno if it works with peanut butter and jelly though, just tried it with sandwiches like turkey, lettuce, etc.
As an European, this is very strange to me. 
Is it an American thing to always combine something sweet with something savoury?
Needs a cheddar cheese stick and a glass of milk 
I hope this was a lazy day meal, because otherwise this is shit. Yes this is gordon ramsay.
Holy crap looks like bacon heaven! Perfect!!
The thumbnail makes it look like the Millennium Falcon
I like it. i like it
Pan so low to cook the meatlennium falcon. Hopefully it won't be too chewy.
We need the money shot
Good texture 
That's beautiful. My stomach totally just growled looking at this! 
Recipe please
Probably was good but looks..... hm..
For the recipe I have used:  
500g of beef neck,  
500g of brisket,  
2 big chunks of oxtail,  
2 bone marrows,  
1 onion studded with 3 cloves,  
4 carrots and a few turnips,  
2 leeks,  
3 potatoes,  
4 garlic cloves,  
Thyme, bay leaf and 6 peppercorns  


First, I browned the beef in the pot with a bit of olive oil. I took care of removing the excess fat before hand.  
I made a small sack with the green leaves of the leeks so I can put the thyme and the bay leaves inside. I added water to the pot, it has to cover well over the meat and the vegetables.  
I added the oignon, the peppercorns, the garlic and my little bag of herbs and let it to simmer gently for approximately 2 hours.  
Then I added the carrots and the turnips (I added them too early, 1 hour before the end of the cooking would have been better).  
30 mins before the end of the cooking, I added my chunks of potatoes, my leeks and also the bone marrows. I rounded the bones with some string so it prevent the marrow to escape in the broth.  
You eat that with mustard. In France, we eat the marrow by spreading it on toasted bread and putting coarse salt on top of it. Et voilà !
Yeah it looks like hell, but I am sure it was delicious. The crudely chopped carrots really sink you. Need to get your knife skills on point. 
This is very similar to a Filipino dish called [nilagang baka](http://norecipes.com/bulalo-recipe), which translates to boiled beef. We also sometimes add corn and bok choy (or similar alternatives).
The sashimi is definitely japanese amberjack, but the.nigiri is (from top to bottom):
Salmon, Tuna, Escolar, and the angle of the 4th makes it hard, could be pink snapper or hamachi (amberjack), however is probably Talapia.
Which restaurant?
This actually makes me hungry
Well this looks horrible..
Probably not actually yellow tail... check out fish fraud.
Is it spicey? 
I like that Mu'ad Dip in the centre
[Bread link](https://kitchenoverlord.com/2016/08/03/dune-week-spice-filled-sandworm/)

[Dip Link](https://kitchenoverlord.com/2014/02/27/dune-week-sandworm-crudite/)
> muad'dip

Holy shit... 
The Dip must flow! 

That looks so great.  Really looks like sandworm.
They both look good but the best Imo is the Sandworm Bread.Although i wouldn't show this to any fremen.
>Muad'dip

Pls.  
I'm picturing Alia eating the cucumbers with her Gom Jabbar. Probably not a smart move but she cray. 
Hahah. That's funny 
But dey ramen has like no calories
Almost identical to PF Chang’s. Good job 
I was all with you until you said "water chesnut"..
.. they remind me of raw potatoes. Gross.
Are those cookies or cookie shaped pie crust on the pumpkin pie?
That almond custard tart (?) Looks so so good!!! 
That looks like a triple.
You didn't get bacon!?!?
That looks delicious but the pickle should never be bigger than the burger. 
I love Au Cheval! 
TIL that people pay money for spam.
Both spam fries and ube ube are ono, where did you get em?
not quite as pretty as my pumpkin pie from last week but this was fun to make 
I really wish you would have poured the coke so it was all fizzy, maybe with a little condensation and one bead of liquid cascading down the glass, before you took this picture. 
Boston beans not Southern Beans?

/edit: why the downvotes? Seems like southern style baked beans would go better with this. 
I need to get off this sub. I'm feeling some serious food envy right now. 
..... did one human eat all that food? 
Fancy!! 
I'd spread the dipping areas out a little more.  You wouldn't want the sauces to overlap.
Looks absolutely great!
Honest question. You've mentioned a couple times the death per plate. Would you never serve or eat something like boquerones?
That is so beautiful and looks so delicious. I have no idea what prawn and almond crumble is, but I want it in and around my mouth. 
Too bad it wouldn't fill a six month old's belly. Looks nice though. 
Looks like you're talented! Poor squids though...
lol food is the result of death.  No really make just one with amazing flavor. Your 14 year old will eat it like a McNugget in less than a minute. 
[removed]
I'd eat it
I love that rooster sauce
Whats a pitaya bowl? looks yummy and fresh!
Raw chia seeds?
Love seeing healthy, natural food on here. This looks wonderful!
Recipe?
This is one of the most beautiful things I've seen on this sub! 
Are those deep fried green beans. Love those. 
Why not just say "rabbit tacos" and "with wine"?
Yes folks, he's having rabbit tacos... Let me just say that this is not Mexican. I am mexican and this is weird. It's as authentic as Taco Bells waffle taco.
The sauce even kinda looks like a fishing rod 
The halibut serving size is never big enough. 
I've always wondered about people that order the "halibut with rice and mixed greens" at a fancy restaurant where you could get just about anything else, but man, that looks really good
My mom makes something similar but she uses tenders and no Bourbon. Still bomb though. but I bet that Bourbon makes a difference. 
With Cheese blue?
Got a recipe, they sound really good.  Also, where is your restaurant?
Yum.  And they are crispy. Perfect
Blue Cheese is good on everything though. 
Wish I could decorate like that. Nope. Mine look like a 5 year old did it 
I have those same cookie cutters. Thanks Ikea!
Recipes? 
OMG these are just way too adorable! Almost too cute to eat!!!!!! Love the detail work on the jumpers for these cookies!!!!
Those look amazing! What's your royal icing recipe?
Those look beautiful.  Very well done. 
So so cute ! ❤
Aaahhh these might actually be my favorite Christmas cookies that I've ever seen period. 
They look beautiful and festive! Great job. 
Not enough frosting to be delicious. Shame 🔔🔔
Looks great!! Really diggin the colors, puts together a nice presentation 
Beautiful may I have a recipe or link? 
There's something incredibly metal in serving an animal's meat on its own carcass (carapace?)  

I don't even like seafood and this sounds tasty.  Rock on!

That tomato looks divine. 
Cilantro rice is good. Chipotle always had good rice. Until they got people sick that is. Lol 
Looks great, love roasting tomatoes. 
Perfectly rare. Good job. 🙃🙃🙃
Assuming that the food was great, but not so appetizing half eaten..
Yay Buffalo! 
Looks yummy... now I'm hungry
Perfetto
Very Delicious......
Locked because of trolls. 
All you can eat BBQ would be deadly to me.
What restaurant is this at?
And quality looks top for being all you can eat. I'm sold. 
20 bucks is so cheap. 

/casually starts looking up flights to Texas 
Who else does this in Texas? Salt Lick has the "Family Style" for $25 which is perfect all you can eat as well.
I am in the hospital and haven't food or drink in 3 days. You're killing me!
Bruh fuck me up 
Salt lick has a family style meal that is all you can eat, it was like $40-$50 for two.  Definately worth it.
Love me some Hutchins BBQ.

By the way, if you *really* want to outdo yourself....

1. Go to Franconia Brewery on Saturday morning for their tour.  $5 all you can drink beer.
2. Drink all the beer.
3. Go a few blocks around the corner to Hutchins and get the $20 all you can eat.
4. Eat all the barbecue.
5. Ask yourself "What have I **done**"
6. Sleep it off over the rest of the weekend.
Is this Hutchins? It looks very much like it and I love me some Hutchins as well!
You should try korean bbq, there's a lot around dallas.
oh my word. There is only one reason why I want to visit america - BBQ. 
Bet they also own the hospital, lol.
I just had $20 BBQ in SAN Jose, California. The reviews were outstanding so I was anxious to try it. The bbq was tough and the portion was small. Having lived in TX I try not to compare, but it's impossible not to. I miss the food there. 
I would probably pay 20 bucks and only be able to finish one plate.
A round trip ticket from Detroit to Dallas: $277 (American Airlines) Endless BBQ: $20

$300... shit im bringing buckets along 
$20 is dirt cheap for BBQ let alone all you can eat. Raw brisket is about $3.50 a pound. $5 a pound if you're getting the decent stuff. After it's trimmed you lose about 20%. After it's cooked your meat will usually shrink to a little over half its weight. So your costs are more around $7 to $10 per pound. You add on rent, utilities, tax, and various fees and you're practically giving it away.

I have to assume then that they smoke it for 4 hours, then cook it in a cvap (to reintroduce moisture into the meat and keeping it from shrinking) then finishing it on a grill to get the crust back on it. 

Then again this is Texas and you can legally be shot for fucking up BBQ. So who knows. They could just be selling oldschool smoked brisket in high volume. 
Only $10.50 in OK!!!
That looks a little better though.
That's one of the things I miss dearly about Tejas
I reckon I could put them out of business in an evening!!
Omg America i want all your food, and legal weed! That looks amazing! Anyone want to pay to move a 25yo Englishman to the us? XD
Honestly, that plate is probably all I can eat
Texas here I come.
One of the many things I miss about living in Texas. Not only is the bbq top not but it's also reasonably priced and the portions are huge! Now that I'm living in Las Vegas I've yet to find legitimately good bbq, there's some decent places but nothing amazing and the portions are tiny and the prices are premium. That plate here would run you $40-60 and it wouldn't be all you can eat. 
UK guy here. I went to Texas twice. Both times had to get back to a lot of running and working out when I got back. I love that BBQ. 
Who eats *sides* at all-you-can-eat barbecue?
As a Texan this is a normal meal for me. If you want the best bbq buffet in the DFW area check out North Main bbq in Euless, the place looks like a shithole and they are only open certain hours. Thats how you know its good.
Damn, for a second I thought it was Salt Lick. I need to get back to Austin. 
Pretty much the ONLY all you can eat that I can get behind.

This would be a disaster for me.... every day.
I want to go to there 
I'm sure a lot of people that haven't been to Texas or the US are saying that's a lot of food...dang man that looks tasty!
I just got the munchies 
Hey OP was it really worth the $20, seems expensive, at least where im from anyways. 
I live about 15 minutes from this place. The best BBQ I've ever had in my life. I always go for the Brisket and Rib combo plate. It's always a good decision. 

http://hutchinsbbq.com/ in case you are interested. 
*Navigates to College board website and sends SAT results to UT*
I always assumed going to a BBQ pit in Texas and getting food that's green is blasphemy. 
Looks amazing but after trying Mac and Cheese at a few places I must say it's a pretty boring and tasteless side that takes up valuable stomach space. 

Maybe here in England we can't get it right? 
i can only eat $19 worth of bbq and sides :(
in all honesty how does one eat more than this entire plate.... 
Sat with this guy from New York on a plane who was saying how much better northern BBQ is than the south's. I laughed at his face.
That's about all I could eat. Every time I go to an all you can eat establishment I eat one plate and waste 2/3 of my second. 
on behalf of all texans, we welcome you.
Your welcome sir
      - Texas
That must be Hutchins BBQ.  Hands down best brisket I've had.  They are great.  Looked EVERYWHERE for a place to have a rehearsal dinner that wasn't going to charge the hell out of me just to bring THEM business (Quoted 4K for 40 people at Lockharts, what a joke).  Hutchins had a great space, was really accommodating and was even BYOB.  Favorite BBQ spot in TX.
Hutchins BBQ in McKinney, TX. On Friday and Saturday, they sell whole jalapenos stuffed with cream cheese and chopped brisket, wrapped in bacon, and smoked on their smoker. 

More reasons to go to Texas, thanks... 
This is the stuff that makes me so damn proud (and happy) to be a Texan. 
I can't imagine what experience a vegetarian could compare this with. 

~ I ate a whole bio garden for under three hundred bucks. #adrenalinerush
Not a single wetnap? Those savages!
This looks delicious and those beans are swimming in sauce.
You're welcome, partner.
Somebody should compile a list of all the suggestions in the North Dallas area
Is this place better than Pecan Lodge? 
Had something similar in my town of Round Rock, TX - The Salt Lick - it's $25.00 though.  Worth every penny.  
  
  
 
Pro TIP:  Don't load up on bread and sides!
I need to find real bbq. Where I live it's not like this :(
Anyone have a place I can crash at in Texas for a night or two?
Dfw has some good spots...but I didn't know good BBQ until I moved to central texas.

Franklins, blacks, smittys, kerlin, salt lick...it's all top notch. And Speaking of top notch, those burgers are awesome too.
>Texas

I don't believe you, there's no greens or fried okra!
I miss Texas 
How long did it take to unclog the toilet?
Saw the picture, knew it was Hutchins BBQ. Go there every week with my family, best BBQ in all of Dallas in my opinion
Happy to see my state loved. 
Im a dallas native, what restaurant is this?
Where in tx? *gets in car*
I just ate a hungry man microwave dinner, it was pork brisket
My poor heart hurts just looking at this
From NC. I'll let that pass because it still looks incredible.
Broccoli salad is solid! One of my mom's signature dishes.
I would go cave woman all over that. 
Hmm is that a good price in Texas?

In SC all-you-can-eat BBQ is $8 a person including refillable sweet tea with chewy ice. 
Is this one of those posts where someone comes in behind me and says, "Username checks out"?
Damn, I'm vegetarian and this makes me want to convert. 
Not to be confused with All-you-should-eat barbeque for twenty dollars.
I am on a waterfast right now, thank you for showing this to me.
I hope this was round one of, at least, five.
That looks like heaven.😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Holy Christ that looks incredible
Welp... looks like I'm going to Texas. 
Oh my. Where in Texas?
Brb, walking to Texas from California. 
I want to go to there.
Mmmmmmm Brisket......
Mac and Cheese is a side dish?
That Mac and cheese looks delicious
How is this legal?

Wife and I are planning on moving to Texas when I'm done with school.

Places like this guarantee I will die in Texas.
HUTCHINS!!!!!
Holy fuck im in the wrong country.
Holy shit time for a visit
I would eat tons of it and would never regret even a minute!
That looks fucking glorious. I'm going to have to schedule a trip to Texas.
WHERE? WHAT NAME IS THIS PLACE WHERE I SHALL SEEK REFUGE FROM THIS WORLD?
Is this Hutchins BBQ?

Edit: Yes, just did a CTRL+F. Also, as someone who frequents Hutchins, I recognize that Broccoli anywhere. 
[deleted]
That is not all I can eat.  
OMG LOOKS SOOOO GOOD ...WHERE IS THIS?
[deleted]
I will have another serving of the ribeye.  
I will have another serving of the ribeye.  
I will have another serving of the ribeye.  
I will have another serving of the ribeye.  
I will have another serving of the ribeye.
  
I will have another serving of the ribeye.  
I will have another serving of the ribeye.  
I will have another serving of the ribeye.  
I will have another serving of the ribeye.  
I will have another serving of the ribeye.  
I will have another serving of the ribeye.  
I will have another serving of the ribeye.  

We're the big state for a reason 😅
I'm not drooling. You're drooling!

That brisket looks amazing.
This sounds absolutely amazing. Except, I can spend $10 and have enough BBQ to be full. 
Yknow Texas, I still say we do better BBQ in Kansas City, but you guys do it massive!
It's 1:30 am and I DID NOT NEED TO SEE THIS

Texas food is the best.
It's a good thing dinner was only $20 because I think you're going to need to pay for a plumber
We have a place in Corpus that does All you can eat for 18.99. It's pretty tasty.

i love me some bbq
Heart disease has never seen so attractive to me.
Getting sides is a beginner mistake. That's how they get you. Instead double down on the meat. 
America, this is what actual BBQ looks like.  You're welcome - Texas.
FUCK ME UP
Not saying OP is fat, but this is why Americans are fat. 
Has anyone here ever been to college?
Have you ever witnessed a rugby team eat?
Watch a football team eat?
Or maybe a swimmer? Track star? Basketball player?
Hell any athlete?

How much for the monthly refills of Metformin?
I need this!!!
Oh my fuck that looks good
I need this in my life 
Talk about the food coma 
What the hell is that green stuff?
I had three heart attacks just looking at that picture.

That being said, address?
Where is it? I gotta go 
Oh man... you are so damn lucky.  
Where the fuck is this magical place? I live in Texas, which I understand means nothing cause Texas is massive. I just really want it to be close.
That looks amazing. Texas does it right. 
Looks goos. I live in Texas what's the name of the resturaunt?
This is such a Texan picture.  Blessed to be Texan. *cries bbq tears* 
That's all you had?  /s
Whoa. That's a great price and that food looks good.
Where is this. I need to know. 
As someone from Texas.. Where this at?
Dang. 
But how was the Cole slaw 
How do they make money???
Looks amazing! 
Is there anything around socal like this?!?
I can feel your meat sweats from up here. 
Is this Hutchins?! BBQ there is amazing and service is great. 
Something like this will cost you about ~7$ in Brasil
Don't fall for the sides, that is just filler
Y'all come back, now
I think I just porked a little.
That looks soooo good. 
Holy fucking mother fuck, shit.
Where's the white bread? Onions, pickles, jalapeños?
God damn op that looks amazing, now I'm sad :(
There's worse ways to die.
Where in Texas is this? Looks good!

This is why there are so many "nutritionally enhanced" Texans.  At least we are harder to kidnap.
Shit, what's in that picture is probably all I can eat.
The Saltlick in Austin is like this too and their brisket is so good. 
I would just be ordering meat and hushpuppies

Also I too recently went to an all you can eat Korean BBQ called Iron Age.  All you can eat + a free ice cream cone at the end.  

Koreans understand Americans 
I would dunk my balls in that delicious looking mac and cheese
What bean recipe is that?
Hutchins!!!!!   Love me some Hutchins.  I'm from McKinney(Dallas suburb) where there original location is.  Had them cater my son's graduation.  Fantastic!
What's the green stuff?

goddamn i need this in my life
[The Only Logical Response](http://i.imgur.com/VOxfUOU.gif) 
Sweet mother of God.
This looks absolutely delicious and reminded me of a Korean BBQ in California called "Mr. BBQ" that is all you can eat for $30. It is beautiful and some of the best food I've ever had.
AHHHHHHHH yummmmmm!
Why are all of your AYCE so expensive? 
we got all you can eat ribs+sides for €12,50 here. damn good deal.
Broccoli? Seriously? The owners must not be from Texas. And no offense OP but you need more brisket on this plate. Proper ratios must be maintained. Wish I was there in any case.
That looks like either Hutchins or Pecan Lodge.  Both places will knock your socks off.
Looks yummy! 
Downvoted for use of metal plate and paper boats instead of a trough.
It might be all you can eat. But I'm pretty sure I would die if I ate all the BBQ I could eat. 
Dallas person here: All I have had from Hutchins is the stuffed jalepenos. Seriously, and I love the shit out of food, those were the best things I have ever had. 
that broccoli salad looks legit
Dukes in Charleston, SC is $15.
The sides are designed to make you eat less ribs :D
Looks more like "we-filled-your-plate-so-damn-full-that-seconds-would-be-humanly-impossible" barbecue for $20.

I'll take three...
As a person from different side of the world, it's very hard to me to say what are the pieces of food on the picture. Could someone please write it down?
This looks like the one in Frisco. The one in downtown McKinney has the jalapeño cornbread. Also on the weekends they have brisket stuffed jalapeño's.
Is this the Hors d'Ouevres? Please show us the main courses too.

(This is Texas after all) 
Genuine question here: what do Americans mean when they use the word "barbecue?" 

In Australia you hold "*a* barbecue," an event at which you "barbecue" meat *on* a "barbecue." But we don't say "would you like some barbecue?"

If an American offered me "barbecue," what would I be getting?
that's all? youre weak!
All-you-can-eat BBQ and you got sides?!
I get hungry by watching this picture
I couldn't even eat all that right there
that's a strong lookin cup of coffee!

Wow, that looks good!
This is why I hate Canada
OP did they have good cornbread? I need to know
I'd get 3x that portion knowing I have to stitch my stomach back that night.
So what was the second round? 
Would be tearing up some ribs
I just ate here a couple days ago. I'm from Michigan and this was honestly the best BBQ I've had in my entire life 
[I ate] a quarter of the amount pictured for double the price. Thanks England!
Where is this?!?
Oh shit 
I'm going to Texas. 
Where is this at in Texas?
Where's the tater salad?
It's too early for this
The closest thing we have to AYCE BBQ here in New York is Brazilian BBQ also known as churrascaria, but none are as low as $20.
That looks tasty!  I'd skip the chicken and beans though and would eat more brisket/sausage!
I went to Hard 8 last time I was in Dallas and it only cost me $700. 
Goddamn that brisket looks good. And is that jalapeno cheddar sausage I spy?
Damn. No wonder people are so fat in Texas.
Euless Main BBQ has this same deal... it's a little cheaper and they are freaking awesome. However, they are only open three days a week. 
Currently in College Station contemplating taking the drive
You know it's good brisket when it has that beautiful pink rink around the edges.
They accidentally put some green stuff on that plate, I assume that's garnish as it's not swimming in delicious sauce?
does it come with a rascal scooter and an oxygen tank to haul your fat arse away. not forgetting the elasticated jeans. 
For ten bucks, you can an excellent off-strip Vegas buffet
Drool. That looks absolutely divine. 
hhhhnnnnggggmmmmm
I'm really sad that I don't live in Texas now :( 
Those beans look amazing. 
oh my god I want all of this inside of my body 
God I love this country.
Literally been eating at Hutchins since I was born (literally born in Mckinney)! Didn't realize I grew up eating awesome BBQ until I tried other places lol. 
How do they make money? I worked at a place that sold pork ribs for $16 and it was a 45% food cost item known as a "loss lead" item - basically they didn't profit from it but it got people in the doors and hopefully ordering some drinks. 
Where? 
Sad that I saw the plate and knew it was Hutchins immediately...
What are you doing wasting stomach space with vegetables?
Baked beans and other sides are a waste of stomach real estate at an all you can eat place.  Your plate should be meat, meat and more meat.
Feed the world at that price
Drools BBQ sauce 
Hutchins BBQ is the best I've ever eaten! Relatively inexpensive and they quality is second to none! It's always my first stop when I go back home to Texas to visit family!
youre welcome
that doesn't seem like much for $20. hope you made second and third trips!
Gotta be Hutchins!
Bookmarked, I might be in the dallas area in a few months so may check it out. :)
Damn.

Just ... damn.
We unfortunately do not have all you can eat BBQ in NYC. One of the things I miss about Florida. 
where in texas is this restaurant? 
OMG This looks amazing
Why don't we have these things up North.
delicious food i want to eatit from my screen
In Marietta, GA we have that at Williamson bros for like $11
Thats all you can eat huh?:D

I would turn this place bankrupt
I would motorboat the FUCK out of that mac and cheese.
Where in gods name did you fit that? When I see things like this it makes me so sad because it all looks so beautiful, but I know I could barely eat a third of it :')
Where in TX? Please say Houston
Id smash ngl
Not fair OP! not fair... 
#GOD BLESS THE LONE STAR STATE YEE-HAW
Where?!?!
.!
Holy fuck.
In NY, this would be 44.99, with a state tax, city tax, neighborhood tax, street tax.  Ohh and extra charge for the lemon in the water.
okay I'm in school right now and just ate lunch, and this photo makes me so hungry. that is amazing for what you can buy with $20.
I am so hungry now...
Ah, Texas. I miss my home state.
That brisket should be embarrassed to be in Texas.
So this is why most Texans are fat. 

Source: would be fat if Texan. 
That mac and cheese looks like a piece of heaven. 
the BBQ is good and all... but that broccoli salad looks fucking amazing.
I haven't had lunch yet, this is not helping.
Man I love Texas there are so many crazy good BBQ places Austin has some great ones like Franklin's 
I wish we had this sort of thing in the uk
IS THIS HUTCHINS?? This is the only BBQ I will ever eat. Best BBQ place in Texas, hands down. 5/5
I just had my gallbladder removed last week so a meal like this do some damage... But it would be so worth it. 
There are so many grams of fat in this picture. It's glorious.
I love Texas, now if we could just legalize the green stuff, then I'd get more than my money's worth at a place like this.
There's a place in Michigan that offers all you can eat for $15 I believe. Two different types of meat and unlimited sides. Only on Wednesday's and they don't even advertise the offer. Makes hump day a little less miserable.
That's all I can eat BBQ right there!
The macaroni and cheese looks angelic 
I'll be in a food coma XD
Is that broccoli slaw?
Delicious, but I prefer guacamole... 😋
Anyone know what the broccoli dish is? I don't eat BBQ very often and definitely nothing that delicious! 
What are those dishes? I'm a Brit, so not sure:)

Looks scrummy though!
HUTCHIN'S!!!!!!! I recognized the plate
Almost worth the drive from ohio
Oh yeah! That's what I'm talkin' 'bout.
Noms 
Er welcome partner
Yummy
why did you waste precious stomach space on BBQ chicken? The skin is delicious but the chicken meat will always be chicken meat no matter how much you smoke it. That could have been more brisket. Also, that looks like only lean? You didn't opt for the Moist? It's all you can eat. I assume you ate until you died anyway, so who cares the fat content? Go full cow. 

C-. Fairly good for someone from Oklahoma or Kansas but you really failed at Texasing. 
Really wish we had that out West...
Now I'm hungry geez...
I'm down the street from this place!! Hutchins!!
This disgusts me
I was in Austin last week and every meal could have been photographed for the sub. Bless the state of Texas and the amazing food.
I bet you're still digesting that :) 
Will you FedEx? Pls. 
Somebody call Ron Swanson 
The debate rages on. In Texas we reign supreme in BBQ. 
Your welcome! Come on back ya hear
Looks like flames. I can do with all but the beans. 
I love when they give you the metal tray with the butcher paper, makes me feel like a farm animal being fed or something.
This is one of the reasons I never want to move out of Texas.
Euless Main BBQ?
WHERE IN TEXAS? THIS IS A BIG PLACE
Hutchins? Their Texas Twinkies are amazing 
I think I'm drowning in my saliva from looking at that meat
I'm saving this thread, as I go down to Dallas a lot and NEVER think about eating Korean BBQ or hitting up a AYCE
Man just that mac and cheese by itself I could probably put 5 pounds on, right on the spot 
Used be able to eat like that in high school / college no problem. In my late 40 ' s now , this would be enjoyable , but trauma to my digestive system.
Omg that mac and cheese looks heavenly. Love me some mac and cheese. 
This kind of food is one of the things I miss about the south. c: makes me homesick just looking at it.
Chicken and brisket look great, but is that...cheese...in the sausage?  Lawd hammercy.
I once had a meat mix called the pitmaster in DC. While eating I overcame with a strange feeling of overwhelming freedom even though I'm not even american.
Damn Skippy! Texas has awesome BBQ!
why the sides

gets in the way of more meat.
Foodporn!
WAS IT GOOD?
We NEED this in Canada.   There is a serious lack of good BBQ joints up nyah.
Maximum yum factor reached. Yum overload maxxxxed out yum 
20 DOLLARS?  
That's incredible.
That looks awesome! Man I wish we had more BBQ places in Canada, there are 4-5 in my city and except for one they are mediocre! 
Yummo!! Look at that guacamole. 
Looks delicious. But I'm reminded of something that Oscar Wilde said "There is a great distinction between "All you can eat," and "all you CARE to eat." 

Happy Thanksgiving!
We try!
Is that some sort of broccoli slaw?? I'm gonna need a detailed description of that, please.
Your post made me cry bitter, bitter tears. Stupid Japan with its stupid lack of Texas bbq. 
Not Franklins.
Looks so good. My wife is from Texas and I spent some time in the Kansas City area. We argue all the time about BBQ. I haven't tried Texas BBQ yet but am excited to go. 
I'm just going to sit here 30 minutes from lexington, BBQ restraunts all around me that will give a SHITLOAD of food for $7.00 enough to where if you just order 1 you get like 2 lbs of BBQ, 1/2 lb of macaroni, 1/2 lb of beans, 2 hamburger buns a shitload of fries, and hushpuppies...

drink is another $2.00 though.
beautiful!
I love Hutchins so much...seriously the best place there is.
I've had TX BBQ and can attest that is some of the best bbq in the country, beef wise. Memphis takes the crown with pork
BRB, moving to Dallas.  Go Cowboys!
I could eat about $20 worth.
If I ate there I wouldn't shit for a week
When the Mac n Cheese is as dense as the brisket, you know you're in for a treat. 
fuck xD i wanna live in the states
Now that's sexy!
Looks like Rudy's to me.
You ain't experienced Texas BBQ until you try Heim BBQ in Fort Worth.
Amen. 
That macaroni and cheese can get right in my belly
Oh man, I'm so hungry at work right now and I would kill several tiny woodland creatures for some of that brisket.
How was the poops?? 
Amazing.
Wow. This is really nice. Probably enough for two meals for me
BRB, going to Texas. That meat actually looks incredibly well cooked for an all you can eat joint.
When you're from northern Minnesota and never get any sort of southern style food <<< 
The best women I ever seen were from Texas and wearing jeans.
Constantly looking at this pic throughout the day.

~~Damien~~ OP, why you do this to me?
If only weed was legal in Texas, I'd hotbox my car right before going in there
Um I live in Texas and wish to go to this place. What's it called?
God dam those sides, i want them to be my sides....my sides
looks good except 2 things. big chunk of fat in that middle slice of brisket (should render out) and the top slice against the pan. it's cut with the grain, a big no no in good bbq
OMG... I can taste the gout attack.
Looks like Hutchins!
Get in my belly ha!  sooooo old school!
I just can't hold my-self back from giving just another look at this.
That's one of the gold stars about my home state. Finger-lickin' rib-stickin' barbecue.
Holy moly that looks amaze-balls.
fuck yeah
That looks wonderful, sounds like quite the experience.
We just drove down to Texas for Thanksgiving weekend. The seafood was delicious. My uncle cooked us some mouth-watering steaks too.
America........If you lived here you'd be fat by now.
I love AYCE bbq joints in Texas.  That's one reason I miss living there.  My favorite is Salt Lick.  AYCE and then you take home the leftovers.
And was this all you could eat?  Needs more meat.
You're welcome
-Texan
ooooooh that chicken wings aren calling me.
Wait till y'all discover Brazilian Churrascaria. It usually runs between $17/per person to $90/pp. 12 to 25 meats all you can eat. I have seen people not eating for 3 days before going in that place. 
That Mac n Cheese looks incredible 
That looks rad
My body is ready.
Holy fucking dicks, this looks good
Holy mother of all things holy!! That looks delicious af. UGH!!!
They'd have to drag my ass out of there. 
I want this
Was just here last month. The BBQ was beyond outstanding.
I need to visit America. UK portions aren't cutting it anymore..
Texas says: you're welcome.

Source: Native BBQ-lovin' Texan
That much bbq in my Canadian city would cost at least $45. I fucking *wish*. 
This picture looks delicious, but I would probably need to eat this while sitting on the toilet.
I would FUCK that place up. 
Damn, this looks like really quality BBQ too....I'm hungry now
It's one of the things I will miss about this state when I finally ~~escape~~ move out.  The food is fattening but god damn it is glorious..
Who goes to Texas and eat some vegies? You could have filled up that stomach space with more meat.
shieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet
I love Hutchins my go to BBQ place. Way better than the Salt Lick.
http://hutchinsbbq.com/

Did I win, did I win?

The mac and cheese is worldly.  $18.49 for AYCE
On my way. Thanks for posting.
OMG look at that brisket

Dear food Jesus

Please bring this food to Orange County CA

xoxoxoxo
Mike
This looks fucking delicious!
I fucking love Texas
Not sure if I could even eat $20 worth of BBQ without dying. 
That looks delicious. And broccoli salad is always amazing. 
Gotta love Texas!
Omgggg
Might be odd to ask but: all you can eat Mac'n'Cheese as well? 
I live in Texas. All you can eat barbeque sounds amazing. Where is this?
Please, stop. I got back home from Dallas a month ago and the UK doesn't even come close to grasping what true BBQ is. That looks amazing.
I'd move from Australia to Texas, just for the Mac and Cheese.
This is cruelty. It's 4 AM and I'm hungry as hell.
Makes me want to travel south of the border for some of them eats. :D
Good stuff- where is this from ?
I feel like it should include a large bottle of Tums as well. 
Yaaaaas
Thats fucked good for 20 ay
http://imgur.com/szqTjSG
You're welcome.  Come back anytime, you hear? 
Delicious!
Hutchins in McKinney? 
At least it is NOT the damn salt lick......
I'd go for just the mac n cheese. That looks delicious
looks like hutchins bbq
Where in Texas!!! I need names and numbers and directions and a ride home because I might put myself into a food coma.
I need to Texas
They can afford it by serving in paper. I love that. Well played, bbq.
Perfection.  Macaroni especially.  Wouldn't be able to eat more than what's pictured though.
Holy shit. This looks FUCKING AMAZING. Where was this from!? I want to go to there!
Looks filthy, yet fantastic. 
Nobody is looking at it but that broccoli slaw is on
I want me some Texas BBQ.
Had some last week, yes it's that good. 
Looks like you're being treated like a God with all those burnt offerings.
I'm from Texas, and I have to ask...Whats that green stuff?

Those don't look like jalapenos to me.
That looks like good max and cheese
Must. Move. To. Texas
I can eat like 1/3 or 1/2 if i try hard. Damn people from Texas, what is your stomache made of, rubber?
A trip to Texas ruined BBQ for me forever. Everywhere else is now shit in comparison. 
I'm from Texas too! Where's that at? Looks so good
When I turned 50, I started to realize that AllYouCanEatFor$XX had turned into a losing proposition. 
That's all I need in life.

It's beautiful. 
Is that some kind of plant material in the middle there?
Texan in California here. Damn you.
Why does every post like this have [I ATE] before it? What else are you supposed to do with it?
Thanks @OP, I'm about 4 miles away from it you're the man try smoke in Plano and if you're a Dallas area native I'm sure you've been to pecan lodge??? Good stuff 
Looks amazing... but where is the white bread!?
Awesome, i'll going to Rudy's tomorrow for lunch. Too bad they don't offer pasta and cheese-filled sausage :( 
That broccoli tho. That's what my dinner eats. No way that s is making the cut for ACYE BBQ. 
I'm sleepy just looking at it
Hutchins BBQ in McKinney, Texas? Or possibly Frisco?
Now that's a deal!!! None of this wait in line for 5 hours bullshit to get some expensive ass BBQ
That looks so good right now.
That looks delicious 
You've gotta Love the Lone-Star State! I miss you, Wichta Falls and I will return to live in you for a spell! You too, Austin!
If I could liesurely have this for breakfast everyday, life would be AMAYZIIINN''...
Looks like a normal plate for me.
That looks great!  I'd probably stop after the first round though.

Get a big cheap plastic purse & fill it with meat
What the fuck? Places like this actually exist, and they don't charge you +40USD?
Where? I need this just once says the girl who never ever ate bbq before but now she really likes it!
God, I love my state.
You're welcome. It's one of the things we're decent at.
what part of texas. Now.
Is that some type of broccoli on your plate? WTF man?
Hey! I know that place! Good ol' Hutchins BBQ!
All I can say is y'all are welcome.  
If I was there, I'd probably eat myself to death
God I'm from New Jersey but I fucking love Texas. We need you guys in the union 
Yummy!
I had a pop tart and some water today. I'm doing good
You're welcome friend
Damn that looks good.  

I am sweating looking at this picture 
Dayam!!! Wish i lived in Texas
This is how I want to die
I can eat alot more.  (Texan)
All I want is that mac n cheese!
OP Hutchins BBQ used to have a location in Greenville.  It was soon acquired by Randy White's Hall of Fame BBQ (yes, the same Randy White who used to play for the Dallas Cowboys).  Somehow it went belly up and closed; and the building was turned into a laundromat.
I want brisket sooooo bad. Texas brisket is yummy
WHERE IS THIS. OP, I NEED THIS IN MY LIFE. I WILL FLY TO TEXAS TO GET SOME OF THIS. 
I would go there every day and only eat once a day just spending hours gorging on the endless supply of food
Oh man, look at that chicken. OoOoOoh man!
I've been on a 1500 calorie diet for 80 days and just finished my tiny bowl of turkey kielbasa and orzo. I can't tell you how amazing that looks. 
i think i smoke too much weed to stay subbed here.....😛
I wasn't hungry but now I fucking am. Thanks Obama
Good lord that looks delicious. Where is this magical place, because it might be the thing that forces me to travel out of state. 
Oh. My God. Yes.
Oh hell yes!
yum
Hutchin's is awesome.... if you go the ribs are unbelievable, and the smoked turkey might change your life!! Matter of fact, my wife and I ate there this evening!
God damn that looks delicious.
For those of you who are not from Texas, the sign of a truely good bbq joint is that they serve the food on brown paper. 🍖🍗
But how many free moist towelettes did they give you? 
20 dollars in mac and cheese it is
Is that all you can eat?
Yummy😋😋😋
Go Hutchins! McKinney is the best place ever 
Ugh, I envy you. 
You heathen! 

Where is the okra? 
the barbecue looks delicious
Lol I live in Texas and you car look over your shoulder and see 4 barbecue places
All that looks delicious and all.  But I could live a very happy ( and short ) life off just good brisket and mac and cheese.  Fuuuuck I'm hungry now.
Oh my. Thank you Texas. The state that I always felt the urge to go because Texas and Texans.
Full on meat intoxication. No way I'd rather go.
Comparatively to almost anywhere else food in Australia is both shit and fucking expensive. In the outback though you can get a few good deals like a roast with a beer for a tenner or something.
needs less side distractions and moar meats!
Where at
Fuck!
The sides are a trap 
Texan here. Where is this place?
mmm...bbq...my fav kind of food...makes me wish i lived in the south a lil bit.
That looks awesome, especially for US$20! First time I was in Texas (not American here) we were taken to this place called The County Line on the Hill... somewhere in Austin maybe? Best brisket I've ever eaten hands down. Plus the bread with the honey butter was fantastic! You just don't get that kinda stuff here in NZ unless you make it yourself.
Came home and went to a restaurant that claimed to make authentic Texan bbq, and was sorely disappointed- I was actually annoyed as I'd been looking forward to it lol
So where in Texas is this swine palace you speak of?
This looks outrageous.  My son lived in Atlanta for a while.  We ate some great BBQ there. I've never been to Texas!

So...where's the barbecue?

Love,
North Carolina
Seeing this makes me sad as being from the SE United States. BBQ is pork, not beef. Texas, your food is good, but its not BBQ! Haha
I don't see any ribs.  You call this all-you-can-eat BBQ?!?  Blasphemy!
Someone appears to have put some green shit on your glorious platter.
$20? Yikes
Can someone mark this as NSFW? This is like porn right now.
The only thing thats attractive right here for me is that mac and cheese foreal yum af
McKinney represent!
20 dollars is still expensive for me :(
Damn expensive ...
I love Texas for its BBQ alone. Best I ever had was Franklin's in Austin, TX. Would wait 3 hours in line for again.
$20 is cracking me up. I've eaten all you can eat barbecue most of my life and $10 is common.  Come on down to Carolina 
Looks like about 10,001 calories. Way to go!
How much did the drinks cost?
I live in  Austin tell me this is in Austin 
Is this the great Salt Lick Austin Texas? That place is o-mazing !!
From San Antonio, please tell me this is in SA 
Texas BBQ protip for you outsiders:  don't come to Texas wanting some good BBQ, then complain it was mediocre because you went to *Texas Roadhouse* or some other shitty chain restaurant.  The established local joints are where it's at.  
expensive
Is this in Fort Worth?
I wish I liked barbecue as much as next person. Everything is too saucy and sweet 
You're welcome.

Sincerely,
The Mexican cooks who prepared it for you
There's gotta be some sorta catch to these All You Can Eat places. They are usually cheap and let you eat as much as you want. Like, that is too good to be true without some sorta catch right? 
Was this at coopers? 
I miss the south.
The northwest doesn't know how to do food. People line up for Dickeys like it's a Jim N' Nicks or something. And the Sweet Burrito is gross as all hell too..
Somebody oh! He needs some milk! /u/isaylittlebuddy
The Salt Lick? 
FOX BROS is the best bbq! try it!
Is this from The Salt Lick?  I need to go back there.
Henris Hotts BBQ in Hammonton, NJ does it for $15! Plus dessert. Best carrot cake I've ever had. 
I'm more of a ribs guy, so Texas cue is only OK for me...BUT...the best barbecue sandwich I ever had was at Stanley's in Tyler TX. Pulled pork + brisket. The brisket was so tender I could almost swallow it whole. Damn that was good.
Looks so good! But is trap!
God bless fat America
One very important question: where?
Is this Salt Lick?
Reminds me of Blacks Barbecue down in Texas, that was some of the best BBQ I've ever had.
Bodacious and Carter's in Longview TX. That's all you'll ever need. Oh, also my dad's BBQ as well. 
Is this at Hard Eight?
my body would probably die from all that grease...
If you are flying in to Austin, and want something very similar, salt lick BBQ has all you can eat plates for 15 bucks. They just bring whatever meat you want. It's amazing. 
It is kinda sad this gets so many upvotes. Just a normal mix of meat.
What is the name of this place?
Did you get stoned before?
What restaurant is this at?
I lived in ATX for a while.  Which place was this?
If anyone is in Austin Texas, go to Mueller's barbecue. It's the best bbq in the world in my opinion.
That brisket doesn't look right.

[Here](http://www.slapyodaddybbq.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/IMG_2687_crop.jpg) is what it should look like.
This is not what my plate would look like at an all you an eat BBQ spot. 
Drool... please name the restaurant

PogChamp
My BBQ buffet place is Salt Lick in round rock. Ribs, sausage and great brisket. I wouldn't say it's the absolute best tasting, but it's consistently good & there is no hours long wait.
$20? In Portugal we have All-you-can-eat restaurants for under $10
I think I hate you I'm from Oklahoma now living in the north bay area and there is no good barbecue here at any price.
Where is this?
How did you get it to be all you can eat? the website says nothing about that. was it a special event?
All the atherosclerosis you can get for only 20 dollars!
Sonny's BBQ has the same meal for about $12-13...
Where is this restaurant? Do they have any in Houston area? I really want to try. Yummy.
Name of restaurant for investigational purposes
How does that fit in a human stomach?
Damn, I don't feel too bad about Shealy's costing $12 for the buffet anymore. Thanks Texas.
How can people eat so much at one sitting? I love food but I hate the feeling of being full.
They do this at Salt Lick BBQ in Austin, except they charge $25
Love me some Salt Lick! 
Hard 8 BBQ pit?
I live in San Antonio. Where is this place 
How did you eat an entire all-you-can-eat barbecue?
If it's AYCE why would you bother with sides! 
I never understood why BBQ joints always give you plastic forks....you know it's going to snap...even with the sides!
There's a place near me that has all you can eat BBQ for $11.
Where is this?
For those outside of Texas you can have Salt Lick BBQ shipped to you(I imagine other BBQ joints do this as well). I dunno if it can go across oceans, but my family has had to make an emergency BBQ shipment to another family member in New York. Now you needn't come here! Hooray!
What is this place?
Bread? 
Where is this at?? 
SALT LICK
Needs more slaw
People keep saying this is in Dallas, when it is NOT. It is located in Frisco and McKinney, Texas. Both of which are anywhere from 25 minutes to 45 minutes north of Dallas with no traffic. 
That doesn't look like chipped ham and ketchup to me
Is this Hutchings BBQ?
Too much
1: I am in Texas
2: WHERE IS THIS PLACE (Name?) I just got off work and I am starving!!!!!
/r/frugal_jerk
Heims BBQ on magnolia?
There was a place in Lake Charles, LA like this called "Montana's".  Was fantastic.  My roommates and I would drive 2 hrs to eat there just randomly during college.  Sadly, it closed down.  :'-(
bbq is one thing we are definitely not shy about
Where in TX ?🤔
Here where I live, I can eat whole week for $20.
Still waiting for the "spill the beans"  joke
Coming from St. Louis, there ain't enough good BBQ and KC is to far away so seeing this post had me drooling in the doctors office(don't ask, long story and to lazy to type)
Im going to Texas this Friday, where is this at ?
Pecan Lodge?
I'm over here stuck in transit for the next twelve hours and you show me this. I just passed Waller county line Barbecue. Damn you to hell man. 
That brisket looks top notch.  Where is this?
You're welcome
That just looks unreal.
Where is this in Texas ?
This is why CO2-emissions are so high in the US
Is 20 bucks normal for a buffet? I thought it was really cheap to eat out in the US.
You're welcome
Holy shit. 
Fixins
What part of texas is this at
You guys need to try rodizio!
Is this for a family of four or eight? 
Fake
20 dollar meal is not cheap 
Twenty dollars seems like a raw deal man
How was that Brisket?

Also GOD BLESS MURRICA
I can't understand how you could eat more than what's already on your plate. That's a lot of food already lol. 
I don't know if there is a food porn sub but we need one just for this GIF. 
The restaurant is Chateau de Joel Robuchon, in Tokyo. It's a Michelin 3 star restaurant by Joel Robuchon, who is probably the most renowned French chef that specializes in traditional French cuisine. Definitely was not disappointed, the meal was rich and pretty over the top.
Sometimes when people post these I don't see anything that sounds good or only a couple. Your meal looked great from beginning to end. Yum!
I'm full after looking through those pictures.
I still have dreams of those mashed potatoes.  :D  Soooo fucking good!
How does it feel to eat something with so much put into the presentation? Great collection! Thank you for sharing!
It looks amazing! I love pasta, even though I should probably cut back on it!
I cried when I saw this.
Yes, but how did you make the three cheese blend? If only there were some kind of video explaining how. 
that plate is already empty in my head.
Uh I think you mean fancy Mac and cheese
That looks absolutely delicious.  So delicious I commented for the first time on this sub to let you know.
That looks absolutely amazing! Bet it tasted delicious
Pasta is my spirit animal 
Please share the recipe!

Nomnomnom
I'm so hungry
does anyone have a link to a good tutorial on a 3 cheese blend  im struggling
Good God almighty that looks amazing. 
*"I'm sorry Suzette, I only see two and a half cheeses here. What are you trying to pull with this shit?"*
It's like early morning here and I absolutely want this pasta for breakfast! OMG ! How sinfully indulgent does this look! yum
It's so rigid, it's so creamy.... nice
                                     
#cheesus
I would down this. 
Did you make the pasta? Or just the sauce.
Why do I always browse this subreddit when I'm hungry?!

Looks incredible! I'm getting a bit teary eyed over here..
Try roasting the garlic in foil in the oven for 30-40 minutes before putting it in the pasta sauce. Trust me it will blow your mind
This looks like one of those freezer meals that you nuke in the bag for 3 minutes, let cool for a minute, and then pour onto a plate.  Those aren't bad tho!  I hope yours tasted even better
Recipe pls senpai
Seriously? This is plated awfully. It looks terrible. It's dark. It's uneven. It's spilling over. It may have tasted good but food porn it is not.
That looks SO damn good. I think I gained a pound just thinking about it.
Holy mother of cheese, did you have any mac in there?
You know i never knew people baked Mac and cheese till I got out of my parents house. We never baked it. Just out of the pan. Best thing ever. With ketchup. I though other people were weird. Shows I was the weird one 
Strawberries, blueberries, and cherries. My wife made this for me while i was working. I wish she could stay home everyday...
The edges of the chocolate look burned. And burnt chocolate is another level of hell. 
[removed]
But they burn the chocolate....
Just *how* are you ever going to eat this?  
I mean you would probably have to eat this in the bathtub, with the mess it would make :-/
The chocolate being poured on at the end would ruin it.  Congrats, every bite is just going to have a chocolate taste and nothing else. 
This just frustrates me. What's the point of making something so big that it literally won't fit in your mouth. A single marshmallow cookie sandwich is enough. There's no need to stack it a mile high 
Almost every desert I see on here is way so fucking over the top its gross.  No need to use 5,000 bottles of chocolate syrup.
That last part reminded me of the black oil from The X-Files.
I wanna watch that chocolate melt again and again but I have no interest in eating it.
overdoing it with the blowtorch, the whole thing would have tasted like butane.
It's [confusing](/r/Confusing) me how little the chocolate melts. 

I don't like it. Seems unnatural. 
How do you eat something like this without making a mess?
Yuck. Burnt chocolate? 
Chocolate flavored American cheese 
DIABEEEEEETEEEEES!!!!
Not appealing if I can't bite down on it. 
I just witnessed a heart attacker
The beauty of a SEarzall
I feel fatter just from looking at this
That looks like its more trouble to eat than its worth
Use a plate you fucking animal.
yah that is gross,, id never eat it 

Alright.. white people need to cool their shit..
Why cover one of the only areas you can even pick this gargantuan up with complete chocolate sauce, as if there isn't going to be enough of a mess already? 
This looks absolutely stupid.
Fucking gross

Tbh looks disgusting
NGL looks pretty messy and bad, plus who does that on a wood table?
This is the most beautiful thing I've ever seen.
I want. In mouth. Now. 
What a beautiful mess
Once on the lips...forever on the hips. 

Looks like a tasty mess. 
that was beautiful 
Yeah, it'll be just fine and might even get a chance for the flavors to get meld
I don't know wtf that is, but it looks like salsa soup, so I'd eat the hell out of it with some corn chips
Recipe??
I will never not upvote fried chicken

I'm surprised more places/cultures that have fried chicken haven't also discovered the pairing of a crispy/crusty base
Yes. Love Chinese food. 
Recipe?
You ate that coffee, you say?
I didn't see an option for [I drank] at the rules and went with [I ate] And, ate those sugar coated roasted garbanzo beans and orange slice :)
Probably ate that water too ! 😊
Dang. I never got one that fancy. I live in Turkey and it's usually just a small cup of Turkish coffee with maybe a piece of Turkish delight on the side if I'm lucky. 
I know the pizza you are talking about. It's amazing. I think it think it might be the sauce or bread. It tastes sweet like honey almost. Saving this for later.
xpost to r/kitchenconfidential? Somebody there might work at a Chinese buffet and know definitively. 
I suggest staking out the back door of the establishment.  You will see what company delivers the food.  You should be able to find out the pizzas from there.  

Or they probably have them at a GFS store in your area (Gordon Food Services, they sell commercial to restaurants and operate retail stores).
Ohhh god these are like my favorite thing when they're still hot and the pearl sugar is melted but still slightly crunchy. Are they hard to make at home? 
I really wanna put my nutella on your waffles...
Holy moly that looks soo good!
Yesss. Vodka sauce. Love it. But then again. I love anything pasta. 
The boba fett orange juice is a sweet touch.

Learn how to cook steak
That's my pot pie kitty....
Good Lordy I love a good beef Wellington. Looks delicious!
Yuuuummmmmmm. 
I love tabbouleh!! 
Thank you for keeping to the more rustic tradition of the dish. It looks fantastic. 
What kind of cheese did you use?
What is the "cheese"?
This looks...amazingly good... :D
Looks good! Classic Margherita is so so good.

What brand of cheese substitute? Or is it homemade? I used to be vegan and was partial to Daiya crumbles, but many people hate those (admittedly they do taste weird). That cheese looks far better than any I ever had.
I'm not vegan or vegetarian but that looks amazing!! I enjoy trying vegan cooking 
What does it consist of? (like measured ingredients)
Ooh, is that mozzarisella or something else?
Tomatoes on pizza are a bit odd IMO, it's already got the tomato flavour in the sauce. Not sure what I'd put on a vegan one other than Jalapeno, though. Maybe pretend meat to go with the pretend cheese
Looks delicious
Potato cakes are great 
are those capers in the potato cakes?
Ew, vegetables. **Flips table**
where the broth?
Coke in Guinness glass, sacrilege!!!!
Bacon dressing?? What is this :)? !? :-)? :-)
Hey its me your grandma.
Where is the money shot of a cut slice?
Its going to be her last birthday after eating that. 

I kid! Give her my blessings! 
Did she love it? Or did she pull that grandma shit where she's like "I told you I wanted a cookie cake."
Well covered in walnuts 
Heaven
Recipe ?

A beautiful cake that isn't covered in Fondant?  You madman!
Sweet mercy I need some of that. 
interesting.
Recipe please? 
Oh wow, I want to rub that all over my body and have a cross-eyed Ethiopian woman lick it off.
Recipe video found [here!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPtBwY-yVAs)

Makes four 330 calorie servings (before rice).


Ingredients (be sure to play around and add flavors you enjoy!):

- 1 lb Sushi-grade Tuna
- 2 Spring Onions
- ¼ cup Chopped Macadamia Nuts
- ¼ cup Soy Sauce
- 2 tbsp Sesame Oil
- 2 tsp grated Ginger
- 1 tsp grate Garlic
- ½ tsp Kosher Salt
- ¼ tsp Cayenne Pepper

For garnish:

- Sesame Seeds
- Lemon Wedge

 .


Instructions:

Step 1: Mix everything but the tuna into a bowl

Step 2: Cut tuna into 1" cubes

Step 3: Add in tuna and refrigerate for 2-48 hours then serve over rice or on its own

Enjoy!
[That's the Number 8](http://i.imgur.com/H6Pbc3Z.png)
Looks amazing! Did you die?
you have the appetite of a large third world village.  
"And what would you like as a side?"

"Hmm...how about that loaf of bread"
Where are the ribs OP? I waited much longer when i went. Got everything on the menu. 
Think I'd be about 2% barbecue after that meal

The Big Red is a nice touch.
I wonder what kind of salads they have there 
That brisket looks like it would just melt in your mouth.

Sweet....Jesus and the shepherds.
As a Texan who just moved to California, oh my fuck am I jealous of you right now. 
The person who ate "real barbecue" in Denver needs to see this. 
I did the same a couple weeks ago. Their brisket is life-changing.
This place is legendary. How'd you like it?
You can bet your ass I used that bread ya filthy animals https://www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/5ffix7/i_ate_bbq_brisket_sandwich_from_franklins_bbq_in/?st=IW2SJXWB&sh=e2e532fb
I've watched his pbs show on brisket like 8 times.  How much is a lb of brisket?
I'm glad I did it once. I made line friends, we drank beer, shot the shit and got an unholy amount of BBQ. However.... I think Smitties is La Grange is better. 
Feeds a family of four anywhere besides Texas.
Whats their policy on to go plates? Whats their limit per customer? 
the big question...  did you get the meat sweats?  if not you didnt eat enough. 
*cry* so jealous. 
Eating for one, I see
Best. Fucking. Barbecue. Ever. I just never feel like waiting in line.
Only thing worth buying is the brisket. That shit is amazing!!!!
Hell. Yes. I've eaten here before! Some DAMN good food. It's been about 5 years since I've been to Austin, and I still think about that place pretty regularly. 
Aaron Franklin, I love u!  
i would buy that for myself and just eat it over a 2-3 day period.
What the fuck. I wish I could eat more than an 1/8 of that. No wonder Americans think I'm an anorexic skeleton 😭😭
[Gordon Ramsay talking about Franklins BBQ] (https://youtu.be/yDj-PgtJ1gA)
10/10. Franklin changed my life. Being from MN, barbeque was considered grilled chicken with famous daves bbq shave on it. With the wait and the trip to Austin. 
Meat sweats anyone? 
Gave you half a god damn loaf of bread! 
That alot of meat
The instant 5 lb. weight gain looks so worth it. 
I just don't get the white bread
looks amazing! But who needs that much bread? That's an entire loaf

also that's like a gallon of potato salad
What was the price for this feast?
Slow down mate
Beside the BBQ (which is the best I've ever had) the bourbon banana pie is also insanely good
Nice bulk
How much did all that cost?
RIP OP's toilet tomorrow 
Kreuz in Lockhart is better than Franklin. No wait also. I will never stand in line for 4 hours to eat food. That is absurd. Even two hours is too much.
That weird bread again though.
I honestly don't see what the big deal is about Franklin's.  I can't be the only one.
Is this vegan?
I don't understand why you people wait hours in that line to overpay for decent bbq. Please check out Zimmerhansels bbq in Smithville tx, the town im originally from. I bet you paid 50$ for this, which at zimmers would have been around 15$ for all this LOL
Damn, I miss Austin.
Delicious homemade style barbecue and sides, what should I add to it to really make it a perfect meal? Cheap ass shit Walmart white bread...
Austinite calling BS on Austin BBQ. Austin used to be cool. Now its expensive and lame. We used to be able to make movies, go on 6th, and enjoy a comfy living. Now its LA and Portland on meth. I miss my city so much.
I have one issue with this. the bread. IT'S JUST BREAD. DO SOMETHING WITH IT. BAKE SOME HERBS IN IT, TOAST IT, LET IT SOAK UP SOME MEAT JUICE OMGGGGGGGGGGGGGG. everything else looks wonderful, yo.
Seems like a waste of $ if you're not sharing with a family worth of people.  Unless this is a family meal type deal, need clarification.
I see a bottle of BBQ sauce. Hate to break it to you but you did not eat BBQ. You need to go back and try again. 
Sounds good. What is peameal bacon?
Flourless chocolate cake with chicory mousse and candied hibiscus & Cannelés de Bordeaux paired with Kendall Jackson's Grand Reserve Port.

Kendall Jackson has changed their menu (recently?) I've been about 6-7 times in the past 5 years and it's been the same every year at different seasons until now. There are 3 courses and 5 wines but the standout was definitely this dessert course even though I'm not a "port-person". 
Looks great! I'll try to make that this weekend!
That looks perfect. Would you mind to share the recipe?
I'm not a big Paula Deen fan but the recipe was on point http://www.pauladeen.com/bourbon-pecan-pie-aka-douglas-dark-rum-pecan-pie
That looks delicious, but really I'm a bit envious of your beer glasses. I have a Stella glass but not with a gold rim like those!
Is this the one from *Baked*? 
That is obscene. Was this a challenge type thing? 
Just two onion rings?
John candy is that you??
Only two onion rings? Bummer...
What cut is that steak?
Having just eaten 2 rib eye steaks for supper with rosemary roasted potatoes. 

I would destroy this.
Where's the beef?
sexy thumb
Anybody have a guess as to how much calories/fat/cholesterol/protein that plate contains?

EDIT: Thanks for down voting my honest question.
In texas?
Dang, how much did it cost you?
where is this beautiful monstrosity available

OO
Guaranteed to have nightmares before xmas
that's a first! hahah awesome
It looks yummy. I can't unsee the face though! The onion rings look like eyes and the (tomato?) looks like a tongue. It's looking at me! 
This makes me Hungry... 
[removed]
Where is this? I need it in my life. 
Do you have to eat the steak AND all of the trimmings for it to be free?
Sooooo how was your stop in Amarillo?
Do you not like your colon?
OMG IM IN LOVE. I love steak and would so eat that. yummy !!!!!
What's all that weird stuff under the steak?!
Awwwh no after picture?
Obviously not a 72 ounce steak but ok...
Looks more like a 30oz, not to bust your balls. Still a nice cut.
Belgian here, where's the waffle at???
Ahh!! It looks so yumm!! Wish I could have it.
Waffel 
[removed]
Are you adopting?
You can never go wrong with a simple breakfast like this!
Looks amazing 
Just curious but what did you smear over your bread to make it look a little yellow? Is it butter? What did you sprinkle on the bread also?
The bacon is cooked to perfection, not overdone or hard.
[deleted]
Why do posts like this receive any upvotes at all? Might as well post a Hot Pocket.
Lingon?
Nice job.
Love it! 
I need this now!!!
Nice job.
 Noodles. Noodles. Noodles. 
This makes me miss Bennigan's. I used to eat these at least once a month...so damn good
Looks great! Got one tip. Normally when posting pics of food online, you are required to use one, possibly two adjectives for each noun of the target dish. 

Let me show you:

NO: Ham and Turkey melt sandwiched between French toasts and served with jam.

YES: Smoked Wisconsin provolone melted on Hickory smoked ham and rotisserie turkey between two thick-cut slices of buttermilk French toast served with fresh raspberry jam.

All in good fun :)

Here's the recipe video.
https://youtu.be/E59617l2YvY

What sick fuck took your hand in exchange for a sandwich?! 

In all seriousness, looks delicious, OP!
Would the sandwich be very oily, considering that it have been dipped in an egg mixture and left to fry over a pretty large chunk of butter
Am I the only one who eats these with syrup?

Last monte cristo I ordered was more like a goddamn omelette for how much egg they had soaked the bread in. Plus it was just egg. Bread and egg, nothing else that makes it french toast.  This looks amazing by comparison.
That's a pretty good looking grilled cheese!

/s

Seriously, that looks incredible. Why do I browse this subreddit at work when I'm hungry??
I am sorry. It doesn't really look tasty
Tower Cafe in Sacramento has a breakfast and lunch version of this, and they are both amazing.
I was craving a Monte Christo all day... Becoming fat has been delightfully liberating.
Jam?!
I approve.
So damn hard to find them done correctly. 

read:  deep-fried.


(not saying this doesn't look good, just saying: deep...fried...)
I'm sorry, but aren't you supposed to deep fry the whole thing? 
That sounds fabulous 
That looks perfect! 
That's lovely.
I've always wanted to try a monte cristo but just one bite, because that's way too many calories and sugar for me (sugar and I don't get along, sad face).
I hope that's polenta not mashed potatoes 
The meat looks amazing, just a bit too much liquid at the bottom though, not that it would stop me from inhaling it all!
how does this taste??
Wow you got the fancy kind. That's like 1-2 HKD extra!
Yum. I don't get near enough tomato soup. Fiancée hates it 
Recipe?
You've not seen my banana. 
Did it taste bigger?
That's the Ron Jeremy of the banana world.
Nature is crazy, how did it grow to look exactly like Abe Lincoln?
like pie cupcakes basically! lol
And took the photo with a potato.
These look incredible. Recipe, please!
There's always garlic in aioli. So just Parmesan aioli will do.
Still counts as a vegetable in my book! 
i would love to know how you got them so crispy
I am instantly hungry.
Love those!!
Recipe please!
recipe pleaseeew
Recipe for the aioli please!!
"Garlic aïoli"

You have no idea, do you? :p
seared, then oven-braised the short ribs in DOP tomatoes with aromatics and some other stuff for about 6 hours. pulled the meat out, shredded it, and added back to the sauce.

layered with bechamel, fresh pasta sheets, ricotta, parm.

those layers!
Mmm I need this!!
looks so so good
Yesss. Looks great 
Add a piece of toasty buttered bread and that there is the perfect breakfast for me. 
Yesss. Hash. I tried corn beef hash from a fancy hotel buffet in Spokane Wa. And now nobody can beat it. Everything else is trash. It's sad. :/
honestly was it good?
Can you explain what's going on here?
I'm sure it was delicious, but I have a migraine right now and thinking of Buffalo flavored hollandaise is making me want to throw up.
Looks so goood!
So thick, so delicious. 
I've seriously got to step up my deviled egg game...
Was it good?
Why is the bacon wet?
Recipe please c:
That looks orgasmic
U had me at pasta 
YUMMY.......
r/foodporn
As long as you actually cook the chicken through it doesn't matter, however if baking a full chicken your veggies are going to dry out way before the chicken is done. 
You could try sacrificing a cookie cooling rack on top of a regular cookie sheet (or whatever you use to bake with) next time so the juices are below the foods. 
Veggies will taste awesome but most likely will overcook.  You didn't say if whole or pieces 
Well Italian Sodas. Club Soda. Flavored syrup  and half and half. I love them 
I enjoy half and half with my coffee...
Eggnog! It's delicious even without whiskey or rum. Can add vanilla or other flavours, and can make small batches depending on how much half and half you want to use up. I made a cooked version. 
24oz ribeye cooked at 128* for about 110min, then seared on 800* grill for 2min total. Cabernet/Shallot pan sauce made with drippings reserved from bag. 

Bone marrow was roasted at 350* for 10min, then spread with Onion Jam [adaptation of this Hugh Acheson recipe](http://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/caramelized-onion-jam) and back in the oven for another 5min. I would've preferred the bones cut on their long axis, but that wasn't available.

Creamed spinach was pretty basic. Take your pick. 
Dat crust dough.
Omg. ThAt looks amazing. What u put in it 
How do you make the liquid for yours?
looks very good
Holy shit that looks good. 
Where is this from?!
That looks pretty damn good!
Jalapeños and cheese, I knew something was missing

that thick chunk of chicken looks so out of place between the waffles
YUM. Never heard of chorizo gravy. Where would one get this 
Definitely NSF: my eyes
First time I ever heard of such thing. Wow!!
this is clearly porn for the eyes
Goddamnit, now I only have one.
Wow, now show us yours
Looks good. 
Cheese in an Asian cuisine?
Pari Pari? 
I understood half of the title, but I will assume the other half is deliciousness. 
looks like a shell on a slug
Reminds me of Bowser's shell
What's the filling?
What is this exactly? And got a recipe?
YAAAAAAAAS. NAaaan. My favorite bread. 
Recipe? Por favor?
Ketchup on Mac And cheese. People think I'm gross. But I think it's amazing. Can't eat Mac and cheese without it 
Bologna sandwich on white bread with ruffles chips and ketchup also on it.
Brains
Spaghetti squash. I love it and if you prepare it right, and with a good sauce, it's an excellent pasta alternative in my opinion. But so many people just won't get on board. More for me, I guess?
My dad runs a business trying to get people in Britain to eat insects; they are a great source of protein and much more sustainable than other meats. Most people I tell about it just say 'eww', but they're not that bad!
Looks really good 
Looks delicious 
What is this blue thingy on the grass?
OMG! Looks so good
Recipe? Looks so good
Wow! Mouthwatering 

looks awesome, do you eat the golden thing?
You eat the golden part and it's almost like a thin sheet of plastic wrap that melts away the second you lick it.
The person who applied the gold leaf looks like they really didn't give a fuck with that half-assed attempt. 
And how much did it cost 
What does gold taste like? Pennies?
Is it just a sheet of gold leaf? Did it lick off or did you have to eat it like a fruit roll up?

Well your criteria is pretty vague but here's a few of my favorite cheap eat spots:


For Pizza - Juliana's, Prince St Pizza, Emmy Squared, Joe's

For Ramen/Udon - Ippudo, Ramen Lab, Raku

Burgers - Shake Shack, Peter Luger (yeah the steakhouse), Minetta Tavern (not cheap but good)

Tacos - Los Tacos No. 1 in Chelsea Market

Wings - Dan & John's Wings

Chinese - Xian Famous Foods, Lam Zhou Handmade Noodle

Ice cream - il laboratorio del gelato, Ample Hills, Morgenstern

Desserts/Bakeries - Doughnut Plant, Levain Cookies, Milk Bar
You should go to Carnegie Deli. Sandwiches the size of your head. It's a NYC icon and it's closing at the end of the year. I'll be there mid December myself.
Go anywhere. It's a giant city with massive amounts of places to eat  you can eat anything you want. You could travel the culinary world in one afternoon. 
Corn sauce? I'm interested in that! 
Kinda looks like garlic naan
Yaaaaaaas. Garrrrrlic bread
That looks so good 
OMG, please the making off, cooking recipe please *-*
I hope I dream about eating this tonight. 
That's what we call garlic naan! Its beautiful
Noommmmmm. Eating garlic bread is my favorite pasttime
Garlic bread is THE superior form of bread.
yahs😫✊👌
So, is this still in real time? Or were they made yesterday? 
Looks good!
what were in those rolls?
Wow beautiful,  Must of  taken lots of time!! Good job 
That might be the most beautiful cake I have ever seen, you have some serious talent!
Very nice
Ugh, I want a bite of this so bad.  Spice cake is love.
Looks gorgeous and delicious! 
Vanilla, Apple and caramel? Man, it just CANNOT get better than this!!!
That looks so good! I can't get over how amazing the icing roses look.
beautiful cake, lovely job
Looks beautiful and delicious. You are very talented
This looks so good I want to cry!
How long did it take you to make all the roses? This is such a beautiful cake. Really well done!
What a great combination of flavors!

Those astounding roses and branches on that cake are almost gilding the lily since it sounds so perfect to start with.
This looks absolutely gorgeous. How did you make the dark chocolate stems?
That is a damn beautiful cake. I am very impressed. Looks tasty, too. 
Very impressed. Very good deceration. Wish I had that talent. 
Do you eat the roses?
are apple roses just apple skins?
Stunning!  Gosh, it must have been so much work.  How long did it take you?  Is this a hobby or do you bake tasty works of art for a living?
As a cake decorating wannabe, you are a goddess among men. I love this and can't wait to try making it. Thank you so freaking much for posting.  

How specifically did you make the apple roses?
This. Is. Awesome. Coming from a cake decorater, this is truly unique and beautiful. Nice work.
That's Opulent if I ever cared to associate the word with a picture.
Do you make cakes for a living? If you dont, you should
Marscarpone? Were you on an episode of Chopped? Or is it that the creators of that stuff are looking for way to sponsor it?
Recipe ? 
You look like you tryna be a fake ass pizza.

Edit: Just realized it's not that kind of roast. Carry on, nice quiche.
Well done. Even the right kind of quiche pan. Naice
I hate you Sooooooooo much rn!!!!
Mmm looks amazing!! 
the lobster looks uninspiring
how did you make this?
I love mulberries, they're such an underrated fruit. Those look amazing
Pulled beef and rolls for sandwiches/sliders?
You could make roast beef sliders, 

Basically you make a chuck roast(season salt and pepper, sear it, throw in roasting pan or dutch oven, cover with onions, carrots, beef broth, tomato paste, wine, some herbs) bake 325 for 3 hours, shred it, get some condiments peppers, onions, mayo, bbq sauce, cheese, get slider buns. people make their own sandys. 
Ground beef or roast or what?

Beef fajita, you can easily have a pile of beef & veggies, a stack of warm totillas and salsa & sour cream, or make them and wrap them all in foil. If it's ground beef, burritos or enchiladas

Beef & broccoli stir fry

Cheesesteak sandwiches

Beef Wellingtons if you want to be extra fancy
Marinated flank steak. Find a marinade that you like, and marinade overnight, or for at least a few hours. Grill it. Rest. Slice into delicious pieces. 

I've also made this [beef stew](http://norecipes.com/recipe/best-beef-stew) which was delicious. The website that recipe is from has a bunch of other beef recipes if you want to check it out.
You work at a deli that serves Boar's Head. Try the Teriyaki Chicken or the Jerk Chicken next. 
24 month aged prosciutto is my fave, any Italian salami dont like american too much. Also love french triple creme brie, okka from quebec ( yeah canada), spice genoa or if you have any horse heart or deer. Like the guy below me said boar is really good, just go crazy
Try provolone, Genoa salami, and capicola
Pastrami, provolone, sauerkraut,  and a garlic mayo on rye served hot was my go to when I worked the Deli. Honestly glad I'm out of it though 
Take one of the funkiest cheese you can find (Epoisses) and try it. You'll hate it. Then put it on toast, add fig compote or apricot jam. It'll change your life. 
It's kind of funny that switching to a diet of cold cuts and cheese made you feel better - maybe we've been lied to and megadosing nitrates is the secret to immortality.

Anyway, boar's head makes some great ham, which of course goes great with sharp cheddar and/or swiss. My favorite sandwich is bacon, sliced apple, spicy mustard, sharp cheddar, honey ham, and mayo. 
jerk turkey with chipotle gouda and honey mustard made as a melt. turkey with dill havarti, mayo, sweet and spicy mustard, and lettuce. I buy everything Boars Head. 
Recipe: https://youtu.be/ByLcWYfTkTs
why do i have the feeling that this would taste good?
Have you tried Bryon or the Diner? Both are chains and have branches all over London. 
First time on this sub, I've never seen anyone post a mass-quantity smoking like my family does every year. This year we outdid ourselves on total weight so I figured I'd take a couple pics of it. My dad's family is from Kentucky and has been honing in this smoking practice for ~50 years. We do this about 2-3 times a year (Labor Day, Memorial Day, Thanksgiving). Thanksgiving is always the biggest.
Just let me know if you'd like to know about the process. We take the meats off at different intervals. They all turned out delicious this year (per usual).
How many people come to your Thanksgiving feast to justify 150lbs of meat? 
Wow.... this looks incredible. Any way I can marry into your family?

When did you begin this whole process? Monday, lol?
This must smell fantastic. I'd be moseying over if I was a neighbor. I'd like to make a DIY smoker in the spring but not sure where I'd get a grate even half that size. 
Can I come over? I only did Friendsgiving and all of my friends were vegetarians. 
that looks like a good time. 
We should really be friends. Even if I am a little disappointed it's not cold smoked, but oh I wouldn't be complaining.
Looks great!  What kind of wood did you use?
Man... can I come over next thanksgiving?
Looks great.

Since you said you pull meats off at different times how do you hold at temp so they can be served together?
I would die attempting to eat all that.
My fiancée would be in heaven. 
How did you keep the venison from drying? How'd it turn out? 

Venison is so lean, any trouble?
I have a wood fired Santa Maria Style grill that I grill on.  I've been wanting to try to smoke some meats on there but have held back from doing it because I have no cover for the grill.  I can raise and lower the grilling surface and add and move wood to control the heat, but the meat is exposed to the air, sort of like the set up you've got.  Does smoking the meat in open air have any impact on the quality of the meat?  I would like to smoke a pork butt on my Santa Maria Style grill if it will work.  
I may need to invite myself over next year
Heroic!
Sweet Jesus
Are you the coolest person in the world? 
Do you mind coming to Australia and cooking? Will give blow jobs! 
I see a ham on there also!
you can smoke a whole cow with that pit!
looks amazing, a bit excessive for 25 ppl though
Smoking is bad....... M'kay? 
[deleted]
Mustard base is my fav. 
The lighting makes it hard to tell if you're a tomato/creole etouffee-maker or a Cajun non-tomato one. ;) Looks good though.

But damn dude, there's like 4 tablespoons of etouffee on that rice! What gives?
If anyone wants the recipe pm me.  It's out of an old Cajun cookbook
That tater salad!  What eggs!
That's the type of side pic that shows just how amazing results of SV can be!  How long did you cook it for?  I usually don't even think about taking out food from the SV until it's gone for 2+ hours.  Good rule of thumb is put down the timer, go by touch, touch the meat through the bag and if it feels done to your liking take it out, never use a timer!  Amazing picture, I love my Anova and results like this :)
Added a baked sweet potato, some broiled carrots, and a little side of bread. 

Used an anova immersion cooker at 129°, season in bad with salt, pepper, garlic, thyme, and rosemary. Then seared on cast iron on high heat with butter, garlic, and rosemary.  
Is that or is that not TWO SEPARATE LAYERS of bacon?
Bbq sauce
Ultimate hangover cure right there
This looks like a cigar shaped spacecraft from mars.
Chinese. General Tso or lo mein.
Ice cream, because it soothes my throat for a bit and make me feel less miserable, otherwise i just drink a lot of warm honey milk with some hard liquor in it.
Cheese and tomato puree toasties
Chicken sou... oh sorry :-(

Apart from that, there's a very simple broth, very common in Italy when you have a cold, and it's called "brodo vegetale" (vegetables stock, literally):  
- fill a large pan with water  
- dice a potato, a carrot, an onion, cilantro, few cherry tomatoes in the water  
- optionally add zucchini, cauliflower, cabbage, beans, lentils or any other veggies you may like, depending on the season. just keep in mind that you want to end up with a very liquid texture, not a thick soup, when deciding the quantities of each ingredient  
- add salt and olive oil to taste  
- let it simmer for a couple of hours  
- cook very small amounts of tiny pasta formats (or even spaghetti broken into 1/2 inch pieces, my childhood favourite) in the broth itself: 50/60 grams per person should be enough

I like to add few hot pepper flakes to the broth while simmering, to add a little "kick" which is useful for stuffy nose, but maybe a bit irritating in case of sore throat. Serve in a bowl, and grate some fresh cheese before eating.
egg drop soup. 
Italian wedding soup

Gelato 

Vietnamese pho
Mashed potatoes, mild mac and cheese, plain white rice, toast, crackers, yogurt, instant pudding mix or gelatin, bananas, ice cream. If you are feeling really nauseous, try liquids like low acid juice, soymilk (easier on the stomach than dairy milk), or smoothies. I'm sick at least once a month, so I've got this down to a science; the trick is to eat low acid, not too flavorful, easily chewable food that isn't hard to digest. 
Hope you feel better. 

Source: am very sick currently and eating microwave mac and cheese. 
Tomato soup with a grilled cheese, followed by a hot toddy.
pho or wonton soup with a ton of chili oil. it helps so much if you're stuffed up
Pho. The cloves and spices and everything just make everything feel so warm and good. But it has to be made right, otherwise it's just basically weird chicken soup. 
Hot toddies - I add ginger - and anything spicy and/or with garlic. Garlic is supposed to be great for colds and spicy foods clear me out if I'm stuffed up. I like things with strong flavors since we all know it's hard to taste much of anything when you're sick. 
List of what's on the platter?
Photo evidence suggests the most popular item on the board was toothpicks. 
What are those O's? Look like big cheerios...
I would not let a kid anywhere near all of that open food
Wow looks amazing nice selection & presentation!!
Holy cow, honestly so jealous of all of your friends at that party. Great spread!
Very suave 
Dude.. are those pre-shelled pistachios? I'd be on those like stink on a monkey..
That looks like a good thing to have.
[removed]
check  my recipe https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbpV_rt1JHY
Very new to cooking! Tried my hand at two Pinterest recipes. 
Yesssss. Twice baked potatoes. :) 
What a great combo! Looks great! 
Visually it needs a lot of work but I am sure it tastes great. 
Looks like shit mate. Down vote for you Gordon wannabe.
My fiancée will love this. Thanks!
Not gonna lie, the mazzerella sticks should be a bit longer. 
looks good. share recipe 
Is that a quail egg in there you fancy so and so?
Get your fucken native american corn outta ma ramen.

sorry, im just joking

That looks good. Is it a lot like pho? I tried pho and wasn't a fan. 
10/10 product placement. 
How did you crisp the rice?  This bowl does not appear to be a [dolsot](http://ineluctable.org/ieatfood/dolsot_bibimbap/dolsot_bibimbap-01.jpg)
I'm assuming you put that ceramic bowl in the oven to crisp the rice, correct?
What is it and how do you make it?
Is it really bibimbap without gochujang?  Looks pretty and all, but...
your plate would look a lot nicer w/o the ketchup/chilli sauce
Sorry but this is NOT bibimbap.
Not enough hot bean paste and sesame oil
But bibim means to mix. That's just a plate of rice with meat, egg, and veggies. GTFO
10/10 with rice.

I would like to know more. Ingredients? Recipe? 
I'd eat the hell out of that right now.
Never had it. Seems good
Man I wish there was decent tuna available where I live.
you all eat raw tuna?
Needs more tuna. 

Poke is chunks of tuna first. 
I put avocado on everything, but not once have I thought of adding it to posole. This be a game changer!
How do you make the little grey "Homemade" bit at the start of the title?
Thank you! I see a fair amount of pozole pictures on here and yours is the first to actually show pozole. Pozole means hominy. Otherwise it's just a spicy pork soup.
Pozole* cabrón.
Egg roll sushi is my favourite
Where is it from? Looks amazing :o
U had me at spaghetti 
Needs more parmesan
What's the point of the quinoa if you have rice? (Or vice versa)
What is the Spinach stuff? Did it come from a can or did you make it yourself? This looks amazing!
Is it Chamoy?
Trechas?
Yessssss. Ricotta. 
Fuck me with this in my mouth 

Edit: thanks for making this possibly my highest rated comment. But I still don't have this in my mouth so I'll never be happy. 
I love the thought process.  Cheesecake or pecan pie, fuck it, both.
Recipe?
I am allergic to nuts but it would be worth dying for this.
Made this exact recipe for Thanksgiving. Nobody believed I made it. I'm not exactly a good cook. It's that good. 
where were you when I needed you. 
I wish i could make cake too...


...but i end up in some strange thing that floats on liquid
I literally tried pecan pie for the first time yesterday. Truly life changing.
I need a recipe please!!' This looks so amazing.
Looks better than the one on the recipe website.
Had this exact recipe recently and can confirm - it is delicious. And great photo, OP :)
I made this for Thanksgiving. AH-MAZING
i now live in a reality where pie cake is a thing
That looks incredible 
You're cruel.
Not a fan of pecan pie, but I'm willing to make an exception.
It looks like it needed to set up a bit more, but your picture looks so much better than the pictures on the site.
This must have been the single most delicious thing on earth. How did I not hear this combination before?
Difficulty rating?  I rarely make desserts (especially on my own), but I need this in my life.
OH MY FUCK
Is that the devil 
Mouthwatering!!!
That looks amazing
Daaaaaaaaamn
You deliver?
This is beautiful, Op! Thank you for sharing!
This is so good!! I've made this before, but the pecan filling layer turned out to be incredibly thick and made cutting it up a pain. Did you have any issues like this? I'm thinking I may have simmered too long.
Thanks for the recipe! 
Amazing. Looks so good.
I wanna make that!
After one bite I would go into hibernation 
Looks good
Where in the fuck is the recipe???
This must be like heaven 
That's a win right there
Bury me alive in it plz
Hot fucking damn 
This picture makes it look like Moses is parting the cheesecake sea.
usually not into food porn, but there's a tingling sensation in my britches.
I need this. 
Looks YUUUUMMMMM!
Storming the cliffs of Nomandy.
I'm getting fat just looking at it, god damn it!!
Jesus Christ. Recipe please
looked at this from too far away and thought those were cockroaches
You don't mess with perfection, pecan pie is the god of all pies. 
Thanks for all the love, Reddit! I had a great time making this and really enjoy all the comments. The recipe is from this site: http://omgchocolatedesserts.com/pecan-pie-cheesecake/ . I followed it to the letter except I used salted pecans for the topping instead of toasted. Sorry if the link is down- after this pic posted I'm sure the site got a bit more traffic. 
This is exactly what I made for thanksgiving, except I did it upside down. Pecans (and chocolate chips and caramel) on bottom with the cheesecake on top
yummy!! recipe?
I'm so torn, I love pecan pie so damn much it might overcome my hatred of cheese cake. Would bang 
Looks better than mine, bro.
This looks so good but I don't like pecans haha 
All of you guys are such amazing bakers and cooking people. Makes me so badly want to eat all the time (or wish I was good at baking or had time to cook).
Is it as delicious as it looks?
I saw this on Reddit a few days ago and made this on Saturday for a daily dinner, it went over great. It's a delicious recipe and totally worth the effort.
Oh, hell yes.

Ughhhhhhh yesssss
Dammnnnnnnn
recipe please
Give me the recipe!!!!
I know exactly how I would feel after eating one slice of this.
Scrolled by too quickly and the mobile preview looked like rotting teeth. Anyone else? 
One day society will be far enough along that we will see this on the food subreddit, you will hit ctrl-p and a tasty, synthetic, no calorie copy of this will be printed in your home's 3D printer.  
Lets get that recipe then.
I'd get constipated for a week if I ate that. I don't care though. Get me a fork.
I can't upvote this enough. The only thing equal to pecan pie is carrot cake and both are heavenly.
This looks insanely gooooood
Actually the picture is quite terrified me, i saw a thousand of bugs on the cake.....
Recipe please 
/r/foodporn
OMG OMG. I want some sooooooooo bad. I would do anything for a piece :)!!!!!
Tasty !! ❤
Please consider x-posting to /r/DixieFood 
Is that chocolate on top? I hope not. 
Looks like a thick gravy on mashed potatoes and covered in nuts.

How's it taste? I've only ever had cheesecake when it's cold.

Is warm cheesecake better than cold cheesecake?
I thought this was poutine at first.
That looks killer
I hate cheesecake. If you stand in the cake section at the grocery store long enough, you start to get mad a cheesecake. There's strawberry cheesecake, pecan cheesecake,  carmel cheesecake.
  Some one needs to tell the cheesecake, man, just be yourself



I want to swim in this....
HNGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGH
I've never eaten that amount of pecans in my entire life yet :/
oh my.  
Where's the recipe?
I insult you, Oscar. I insult you, to your face!
Photographer also deserves some credit here too. Those focus lines!
UNGG
Kind of makes me wish I liked pecans and cheesecake. Looks great but sadly I dont like either
Yo, thumbnail looked like some really messed up teeth. It made me question which sub I was in.
My two favorite desserts combined! 
I came.
looks delicious 
I want one to eat and one to sleep with.
God damn. 
This looks absolutely delicious!
This makes me seriously reconsider not liking pie. If only to experience this.
Just gained 5lbs looking at it.
I need this every day.
This is the definition of food porn. 
Scrolled past this quickly and it sorta resembled some horrific looking teeth
Care to share your glorious recipe?
Cheesecake or pie?
This picture gave me an erection
I hate my life. 
I want it in and around my mouth..!
That really does looks delicious. 
Holy Christ Jesus fuck can I have the recipe
Just a quarter of that amount of pecans would cost more than $10 here.
oh yes that is super nice
I just got a cavity by looking at it. Dammit
Why do people insist on ruining cheesecake?
This should have a NSFW tag...
Gross
Looks just ok... Not gonna lie. I would probably not eat it.
Too sugary. Too sweet. Too rich.
just when I thought the pumpkin cheesecake was too much...now this
You can keep that waxy devil nut. Takes a nice picture tho.
[removed]
I really thought this was a pile of cockroaches for half a second as I scrolled up on my phone.
You may be on to something with this . cut sugar 30%, add blueberry syrup or orange.
Fffffffffffuuuuuuuu
What's that circle thing on the bottom right? :o
This looks more like poutine
Where in Montreal?
Montréal has some of the most consistently good food of anywhere I've been. Shouldn't be a surprise 
Why wouldn't Montreal have good bbq?  they have good everything else!  
I'd kill for a couple of those beef ribs and a side of mac n cheese right about now.
Me too!!!!! 
Looks like Lattuca, have you tried the brisket?
I love BBQ 
I love the way bbq places like these serve the food. Plus the food is pretty good too
I really like the one I got from Penzeys online.  
Costco has good stuff.
Do u live where there is a winco? Buy it in bulk and we are pleased with it 
Have you ever tried not cutting the mushrooms like that and just taking the stems off and cooking them upside down? The juices collect in the bowl and when you eat them the umami is crazy good. 
is that a lazy version of apple pie?
That's pretty cool but fondant icing just doesn't do it for me.  
that cake slice is like humongous. 


Hey, am I late for the fondant hate train?

In all seriousness, it looks great! 
this girl is amazing! always love watching her!!!
What is the liquid she covers the cake with?
Wait, how did she easily cut the circle out of the fondant after it was already set on the cake? That would surely be a fingered-out hole using just that cutter and some pressure.
Thats a pastry chef. So much different than a chef. 
Can someone please tell me how to make the thing she uses to syrup her cakes?  I want one, but cannot make myself spend 20 bucks on it. 
This gif really *caught* my attention.
Challenge: do it without nasty fondant 
I'm not sure about you but how can anyone eat cake with that much fondant on it?
I misread ball as bowl and expected to see a cake made to look like a bowl of raw fish. 
This is so satisfying 
I feel like I could do this 
Now that's a slice of cake I can thoroughly enjoy :D
Damn. Still looks awesome. The time lapse is cool as well
How does that cake not collapse on itself? 
Thats a huge ass slice of cake
I've never had fondant.  Is it as bad as everyone says? 
I was practically praying that she'd line the circle for the button up with the seam, so I'm satisfied.
❤
The joys of pokemon
Fondant is OK. 
Trying to add a different hate instead of the fondant. I cannot stand when bakeries use simple syrup to "keep the cake moist". If you are a decent baker, your cakes shouldnt need moistening, or all of that extra sugar. 
why not make edible cakes bruh
Nevermind the fondant, it's basically just fucking bread inside! 
I hate the frosting that is this 
fondant icing, groooooss
fondant - just stop it
Anyone else pissed off that it was a poke ball instead of a death star? 

Very cool though regardless. Thumbs up from me.
Those Fps dude
at least they used cake instead of rice krispy treats.
I want a wife like that. 
Fuck fondant.

A what ball?
Not a great pic but I had to be quick before my gusts tore into it.
That looks delicious. Did it have a decent spice to it?
do people put bacon in their mac and cheese?
Yes one of these things is not like the other. I'm broke, hungry and makin' do~
This looks fire. What's in Mexican hot chocolate?
Fried rice is bomb. I can  never make the sauce right thou. What did u season it with?
Yum. Icing on the cake would be to add a mango lassi, raita, & coriander chutney.
I can never understand Indian food, the taste and their presentation.
Lovingly made for me by my gilfriend, who is known in this sub by [these](http://imgur.com/a/feOq3) and [these](http://imgur.com/a/c08PF) insane lunches  
Looks delicious!!
I recently got into breakfast skillets. This looks yummy I gotta give it a try! 
U had me at rice 
Don't you dare try to make it even 30 minutes before consuming because it will brown.
No tomatoes please!
Link for the efficient: /r/cookingforbeginners
As a New Mexican spicy guacamole makes me sad at restaurants. It's supposed to not be spicy to cool your mouth down! But I like to make spicy guac with my chips! 
Room temp guac?! Gross. Does it come with sun warmed tecate?
Dessert: http://imgur.com/a/9V9jK 

Got married  the next day, needless to say had a few issues getting in the suit...
That's for 4? Hahah looks like it's for waaay more. Congratulations to getting married! :D
This place must throw so much food away that people can't finish. What a shame. 
Ingredients: Turducken, garlic mashed potatoes, vegan stuffing, turkey gravy, cheddar cheese on wheat bread with sage compound butter and a side of sliced jellied cranberry sauce. 
Fuck me dead that stuff sits in the gut like botoon 
☝😕...✊😑
ah yes Tayta always makes this 
[removed]
Recipe? They look yummy.
Love these! James Beard (of James Beard Awards fame) has a great recipe online: https://www.jamesbeard.org/recipes/parker-house-rolls

Date back to Parker House in Boston in the 1870s.
Those puffed up perfectly. Looks good too 
Looks delicious! 

Where did you get the chopsticks? 
Ooooh, recipe?
Yummy. Do u have a recipe 
Recipe:


&nbsp;


2 Chicken Tenderloin (about 8 oz.), 1/2" Cubes  
1 Cup Snow Pea, whole  
1 Cup Bok Choy, Chopped  
1 Cup Bean Sprouts, whole  
1 Tbsp. Ginger, minced  
2 Cloves Garlic, minced  
2 Green Onion (white sliced for aromatics, green sliced for garnish)  
Cilantro to Garnish


&nbsp;


Marinade:  
2 Tbsp Rice Vinegar  
2 Tbsp Soy Sauce  
1/2 Cup Water  
3 Chilies, sliced  
1/4 cup Ginger, chopped  
1 Green Onion, chopped


&nbsp;


Sauce:  
1 Tbsp. Rice Vinegar  
1 Tbsp. Soy Sauce  
1 Tbsp. Brown Sugar  
1/2 Cup Stock   
1 Tbsp. Cornstarch

If you want to know the procedure, let me know!

what are bun gao noodles? Rice Vermicilli?
Looks great! Can you explain the dishes please?

Looks like Malaysian Chinese. Was this Jalan Alor?
Ineeddemcrabs!
You had me right up until sweet corn.

I've never heard of corn on a pizza before.
How long does it take to make it at home?
Beautiful 
Is the goat cheese just the small clumps? Is there also mozzarella in there?
I want to unhinge my jaw like a snake and then swan dive on top of that to force it directly into the back of my stomach for maximum comfort-food feeling. 
So what dough recipe did you use?
Why is all the corn in the middle? I mean, I would enjoy eating it for sure, but still.  
/r/pizza
Why did you take the goat's cheese, you heartless person? Leave the goat alone with his/her cheese.
homemade pizza most delicious pleasure I have ever experienced:D
Nobody makes street tacos with a rigid fried shell. 

Street tacos specifically have soft non fried corn tortillas. 

Tacos look great, I am only saying they are not street. 
>seasoned turkey meat. Broccoli, cabbage, carrot slaw topping.

What region are these street tacos from?

edit: they look fine and I'm sure they taste good, but what compelled you to call them "street" tacos?
The place is called B&C Barbeque, in Old Town section of Wichita. I got there after the door opened, and there were ten people ahead of me. It's buffet style, they cook it and serve it until they run out of it, so the hours vary. That potato salad was a great side.
Omg now I want BBQ , so many post of BBQ !! 
It's sad I think the potato salad looks like the best part. 
How come you went with a kids meal?
Recipe for Sweet Potato Crust Quiche

-2 medium sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/8" slices
- 1/2 c sliced onion
- 1 tsp canola oil
- 1 (5oz) bag fresh baby spinach
- 1/2 c 1% milk
- 1/4 tsp salt
- 1/4 tsp pepper
- 1/4 tsp crush red pepper
- 4 large eggs
- 2 large egg whites
- 1/3 c feta cheese

1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F
2. Coat 9" pie pan with cooking spray, layer sweet potatoes in slightly overlapping concentric circles on bottom and up sides of pan, cutting slices in half to fit around the sides. Coat potatoes with cooking spray. Bake in preheated oven for 20 min or until slightly tender. Place on wire rack and increase the oven temp to 375F

3. Heat large nonstick skillet over medium. Add oil and onion, sauté 3 min. Add spinach, sauté 3 min. Remove from heat, cool.

4. Combine milk, eggs, egg whites, salt, pepper and red pepper in medium bowl, stir with whisk. Arrange spinach mixture in crust, pour egg mixture over spinach. Sprinkle with feta. Bake at 375 for 35 min or until egg mixture is set. Let stand 5 min.
This sounds really interesting OP. Mind sharing a recipe?
That's a big quiche
This is beautiful. Beautiful 
Nice job.
I'm 100000% sure that this happened by accident, and by accident I mean 100% intentionally for Karma
2spoopy
Still playing with your food huh? 
Cute!
is the bacon cooked before you throw it in the oven?
How long did you cook these for?
Texan here - these look delicious but I don't get the reference.
Looks delicious 
Yum.  Anything with pasta is a win 
Those are pretty! How did you do that?
These are beautiful why aren't they getting more attention?!?!!
Woah! Those look gorgeous! You did an amazing job on those Agate cookies. I especially love the gold and silver colors you used on the sides. 
There awesome though they kind of look like sea shells but really colorfull 
I've never actually heard of agate cookies before -- these are really pretty! Is this how you did it?

http://alanajonesmann.com/2015/03/diy-agate-cookies/
Wow. Great job 
recipe?🍰
Stumbled on a great technique to cook lamb chops in the pan:  
- Marinate for 1 hour at room temp (i used rosemary, oregano, salt, pepper, oo  
- Fat side down, sear on a medium high pan on the stove top for 3 minutes  
- Sear each flat side for 1 minute  
- Flip to rib (bowed) side down and cover with aluminum foil.  
- Turn off the heat and wait about 5 mins  
  
This yielded a perfect medium rare and I think this is a pretty safe bet for meat thats $26.99/lb.
Looks wonderful 
Is this iskender kebab? It looks similar. 
They look awesome
Beautiful
Looks awesome 
I hate it when chefs put an egg on top of their dish to make it look more high end.

It's so cliche now. I used to watch master chef and like every single person would do that. Same on the professional chef show where 2 famous chefs would battle.

Point being is it annoys me far beyond what it should.
Look really good, though they are a little stingy with the shrimp. 
I throw in extra hot cheetos in my mac and cheese, it tastes so fucking good lol
Homemade... butter, heavy cream,  bacon bits, parmesan,  mozzarella, cheddar 

it's also the mac and cheese I made for the kids at a restaurant I worked at. 
Pretty much any with a crust baked on top
Terry crews makes some 🔥 Mac and cheese 

Sauce: https://youtu.be/3YcdNi9kmhY
I like my homemade mac n cheese. I use regular macaroni noodles, cooked in milk and water, some Velveeta (to make sure all of it is covered with cheese) and at least two other kinds of cheese, for me it's usually Muenster and sharp cheddar. Add in chopped bell peppers simmered in butter and garlic, and actual cooked bacon pieces.

Sometimes I sub in chili on top for the bacon.

EDIT: You can also sub in mozzarella and pepperoni for the cheddar and bacon for a bit of Italian flavor, forgot to mention that. 
Rotini pasta is my new favorite for mac and cheese. It holds all the cheese and it had a nice al dente bite to it.

I use the Velveeta recipe which is just Velveeta and milk and butter.

Serve with seared kielbasa. Yes yes yes.
A Jewish deli in Portland. Forget the name. Maybe somebody else will know. I will look and try to find it. 
Stouffers frozen mac and cheese is my holy grail. 
If you don't mind a bit of cooking I can recommend this
http://thepioneerwoman.com/cooking/fancy-mac-and-cheese/
Use cream cheese cheddar cheese and shredded smoked Gouda ! Best sauce I have ever made 
Aside from homemade, I'm all about Panera mac and cheese or Annie's white cheddar. 
Nice presentation. Also I love anything noodle 
i m SOLD!
That looks delicious! Chunky peppers are my favourite thing in any curry!
Yum curry. I love curry. My fiancées tummy can't take most of it. Lol. So I don't get near enough of it 
Your choice of meat is very fascinating. We usually cook chicken in curry not pork in asia.  
I just this second (after seeing the picture) realized why they're called dill pickles. How about that, 34 and still learning shit.  


Where's the betta fish?
So I feel pretty dumb right now, but I just put together that the dill in dill pickles is from the herb and not a generic brand name or something. Wow.
Those look so good!

Is that container specifically for fermenting things? If so where did  you get it?
What's the difference between fermenting pickles and "pickling" pickles? Taste and method wise?
Can you take a picture per day over the week, and upload them all in a timeline?  
Oh my god.
Dude/ mam you have got to let me know how they turn out.  I have been trying to do this for over a year with no success.  I know that I'm one step away from making some good sour kraut/ kim chi/ komucha/ fermented foods.  I love the store bought stuff but nothing I make tastes as good or is even edible.
I do this a few times a year.

5% salt solution (50 grams of Kosher salt per liter of water)

1 Shitload of peeled garlic

1 Shitload of dillweed

Handful of black peppercorns

Little cucumbers when in season 

I use a big 10 Liter bucket.  Weigh the cukes down with a plate to keep them under water and a tupperware box filled with water on top.  Bucket has a lid.

Whole thing under the sink for 10 days.  Poke at it every few days.

Pickles!  Cheap and cheerful and awesome.
What's your recipe? I keep looking for the perfect one. 
This surprises me a bit, since making pickles is a thing pretty much everyone does here in the Baltics. Find me someone with a basement who does not have a few home-made jars of jam and pickles.
Can't wait to see them upon completion. Have wanted to try this myself for awhile actually.

RemindMe: 1 Week
Make sure you save the juice

You can flick it on your sandwiches for flavor
mouthwatering
These look phenomenal.

Hats off to you sir
Do they have to be refrigerated?
Have they already been going a while? Usually pickles take more like a month than a week
This image has me in a bit of a pickle, but it's no big dill.
Must try this! I have a dill essential oil that smells scrumptious and I will add it🤗
Post this to /r/fermentation and also look around for new ideas!
Remindme! 8 days
A nickel for your pickle....


Recipe?
RemindMe! 7 days
Will be back in a week for your pickle update, pics or didn't happen!
I'm just looking for a little slap and pickle
I hope they turn out lovely. They look like they're going to.
Let us know when Ms. Frizzle and her class show up.

Looks cool!
Remindme! 1 week
I did this with mahi skin and pee. 
There are 33 fermenting dill pickles in that jar. 
If you used vinegar it is possible your garlic will turn blue-green due to a reaction with minute copper traces. It is completely normal and safe to eat. Just wanted to give you a heads up- I freaked out a bit the first time I pickled garlic and that happened.
I tried fermenting pickles once and they came out incredibly mushy and gross. What did I do wrong?
Is that an aquarium?

Oh.
RemindMe! 1 week
ok
I tried this at home but my pickles went brown and mushy, haven't tried them again since, any idea what I did wrong?
I thought this was a really nice aquascaped fish tank.
Enjoy. I did my first fermenting of dill pickles this summer. I cleaned out an old pickle crock and just tried it. I let the first batch go too long and got some hollowed out pickles at the bottom of the crock. The second attempt, at about seven days, was just right. I'm still enjoying the pickles on burgers and in potato salads and other things.

Sadly I didn't think to take pictures. Thanks for posting your work-in-progress.
idk what this is or what its for but it is very satisfying. 
RemindMe! 7 days
Try using squash or zucchini next time. I haven't used cucumbers since.
If you collecting grass I've got some for ya
Have you done this before? Does it taste like store-bought?  What's your recipe?
remindme!! 1 week

remindme! 8 days
Smh, in two weeks you are going to find out that you should have used dill seed not dill weed. Maybe okre too next time
This looks like swamp grass in a jar
I came. 
Nah
Did you...put it on anything?
This looks spectacular! I already have several beers in mind I would pair with this. Well, looks like I'm stopping by the store tomorrow on my way home from work...
Currently salivating, that looks amazing. Enjoy! 
When did you add the peaches? Or rather: for how long?
are those fresh peaches or candied can peaches?
Such a great combination... NOT 
Meat with fruit? Why would you even think about doing this. A sweet fruit with pork. It sounds so good. (Said sarcastically)
No
I would say no 
Definitely not 
you got a recipe for this chicken, sounds right up my alley
That rice is perfect. Good job. Mmmmm
Looks great. Good job.
That looks mighty tasty! Great smoke ring. 
looks amazing
This looks beyond wonderful I think sand which should be great
As usual the center is too gray. You let your smoker get above 212f (boiling point of water). Try again, you will be amazed at the difference when you master low and slow. Same smoke ring and bark, but juicy melt-in-your-mouth pink meat.
Hate to be that guy but that looks a little dry. How tender was the meat? 
Wow, looks great from here.

Another suggestion for next time.  Try separating the point from the flat before cooking.  When they are at about 205 internal pull the flat and wrap in foil and towels and put in cooler.  Cube the point with a little more rub and put back on (in pan) and cook for two more hours at 225/250.

When done you'll have burnt ends for appetizer and can slice the  point which you held warm in the cooler.
OP, it looks amazing but your brisket trimming needs some improvement.  Youtube brisket trimming instructional videos, they always talk about how you want an aerodynamic brisket, without huge ridges and smooth edges so the smoke can properly envelop it.  You clearly have the skills to get the smoke ring and smoke part done properly, if you can trim it up a little better I think you'll be blown away at what comes out!  Regardless, this is a beautiful brisket OP, please do not take my comment above as anything other than constructive criticism, it's a fantastic result nonetheless!
[deleted]
Hey why don't you just burn it
(overcooked)
That looks delicious!
Cute 
Man that picture should be next to pork chop in the dictionary.
been to the Perrys in Pearland, is it of the same food family?  Thats a sexy chop!
So what is it?
Looks good. Just reminds me that all over the world things are different. 
No sauce, cheese, or veggies? So a little calamari covered in bread and sitting on bread?
This is pretty typical in Madrid. There is a 'bar' called El Diamante, and they make the best bocadillos de calamares in the world. Without any sauce or veggies, just the bread and calamari, so soft and delicious.
Looks processed (not a bad thing), or was it actual rings cut from the animal?
All the calamari I ever ate looked like little baby squids with some tiny rings. Those look like onion rings. 
Is the bread breaded?
Onion ring hotdogs 👌
Oh yeah, there is probably a fried chicken embryo on there too.
Perfectly fried egg. Niace
I think whatever bird you had shit on your plate has something wrong with them. :/
Side of potato I see...
Man. I live in a pretty shitty city, and we don't have anything like that. Stuff like this makes my eyes pop outta my head.
Recipe? That's the greatest looking baklava I have ever seen!
"How bout a liittle more baclavaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa"
Looks beautiful 
Yuuuuum. Love it. My fiancée doesn't care for it. So I don't go to the bakeries to get it. So expensive. 
Uuuuuugh, one of the many beautiful things about having a Syrian boyfriend
Did anyone else read balaclava?
Damnnn. I really want to try that. Im not one to cook, but those look amazing, and would look even better with a side of bacon, eggs, etc.
What is the benefit of Baking Soda? Why not just use Baking Powder? 
[deleted]
Oh man, those look so perfect and fluffy!
Now I'm really missing my childhood picking fresh peas from my Gram's garden.... that one really does look perfect!
Peafect 

Had to stop autocorrect for that one
In England we just call them peas
Have you considered getting your pea pod into modelling? It's got a future in children's books, educational programming, etc.
r/oddlysatisfying
So thats a Yy or a YY for the green nad a XX or Xx for the no shrivelled so who know that might not actually be perfect it could be hiding those yellow shrivelled genes.... you should probably eat it to prevent those genes from passing on.
Stupendeous
Its too good looking to be eaten
My mom tells me I'm the most perfect english pea :(
If you ate it how did you take a picture of it? 
Looks like there are 2 significant blemishes. 
nothing good to say about the pod ? only care about peas ? that's vegecist ?
250+ upvotes? Really?
At least it looks super happy to have been killed, roasted and now sliced up.
He's gonna need a bigger bun. 
That's just a pig. Boars have tusks.
'Hahaha, are you cutting me right now?'
Italians. 
The skin is the best part. Nice and crunchy mmmmmmmm
In Italy. I believe he said Florence
Wasn't sure. Thanks for the clarification 
Not fried long enough.
Ooh...you done with the comics?
Tomatoes have so much sugar, you can usually tell when they are over the line by the fermenty smell and they feel like a water balloon about to burst. I bet it was actually under ripe.
How do you make these? They look delicious.
Yas.  Bread 
Well, what are the five ingredients? We need to know!
How do you make those potatoes?!
OP. Please tell me how you made those potato wedges. They look very good.
All this is missing is a cheesy name and the recipe narrated by Patrick Warburton.
This belongs on Bob's Burgers 
Burger has 3 ingredients I don't like and I would still want to eat this thing.  And those wedges are 11/10.

Nice job OP!
I just Came so hard looking at this. Luckily I am sitting in the toilet.  
Cranberry - brie is one of my fav textures. How much mest was on that burger with it? What are the other accoutrements?
Burger ain't my type but those fries thooooooo
love this idea.. looks amazing.
I think it's neat that you used cranberries on a burger, I have never heard of that before. It sounds really good! 

Also, this potato wedges look insanely delicious. 
If I had only read the description I think it sounds odd and unappetizing. However, after seeing the picture, I really want to try it. 
Looks divine! 
Hot damn that looks unreal
I must know the secret to these fries!
Not sure if cranberries work well with burgers
Looks awesome 
Looks gross 
Somewhere in San Francisco, a tourist from Hanoi enjoys an amazing bowl of pho.
Where? We hit that port all the time and this looks amazing! 
Looks good. My dad told me a story about how when he was fighting in Vietnam he got crabs in Da Nang
Did you wash it down with an ice cold Booty Sweat? B/c that's all I can think of when I hear Da Nang
This feels so weird... I was there 3 days ago. It tastes just as good as it looks.
I came close to madness trying to find that burger here in the States, but they just can't get the spices right.
The United States played the long con in Vietnam..
Don't leave your wallet sitting on the table.
daaa-naannng that looks good
If you're heading South, make sure you eat in Ms Vy's restaurant in Hoi An. 
Welp, now it's 8AM and I'm craving a burger.
Looks like every hamburger ever
As in Da Nang, Vietnam? 
Looks like a good burger. 

Side question: what's with the "wooden slate instead of a plate" craze these days? In my opinion, presentation doesn't matter when we're talking about a good burger. A good burger will speak for itself, no need to fancy it up by trying to make me think I'm at some chic eatery. 
North Vietnam won the war,  but here they are, capitalist, while you have a burger, fries, and a Coke.   Cultural victory achieved 
What's so special about it?
Thanks for just posting a well-made but plain old hamburger and fries.  I, for one, have grown weary of this "hamburger porn" trend where everything and everything is thrown on and stacked a mile high, topped off with a fried egg. 
DA-na-NG
That lemonade also looks really refreshing. Seems like a really nice little place :)
Were you stationed in Da Nang? 
Why the hell are you ordering a burger in Vietnam?
Looks bomb.
Was just in Da Nang a couple months ago. Damn I miss it.
Those fries are golden! 
Oh my god...this made the front page...I still have dreams about this burger
Wow! Them fries! 
Give me a bloody plate! I hate this fashion of putting food on wood and in little buckets. 
Man those fries look delicious.
How much does something like this cost in Vietnam? I'm currently living in Shanghai and it would cost a lot here, but I'm wondering how much there
Needs a lot more ketchup...
5500 bumps on this? Wtf is wrong with you people
Has no one ever seen a burger before?
HOW DO THESE SIMPLE LOOKING MEALS ALWAYS GET SO MANY UPVOTES...
Looks very average
Not nearly enough ketchup
Yes! Burger bros! Down that strange little street near the tapas restaurant. 

Me and the mrs made sure we went to a burger joint in every city we went to on our year away and burgers bros in danang was top of our list! So tasty! 
I hate this aluminum fry bucket fad so much. I always dump them out because if I don't they just spill out as I pull on fries from the precariously placed, portion controlled pile.

Looks good though
Looks like some fine Da Ning.
[removed]
I have been there. One of the best burgers I have ever had. 
I love it when places give you fries in a metal cup.
Viva Da Nang. Oh, viva Da Nang! Da Nang me, Da Nang me, why don't they get a rope and hang me? 

*Anyone?*
Wow, a burger!
Congratulations, you ate a hamburger and some chips with tomato ketchup.
Cool, more fucking burgers.
Why does this have 3 thousand upvotes 
Edit: wow almost 6k really haha 
What made it so good? Looks kinda average. Was it just that you had been deprived for a long time and were really wanting a great burger?
Wow looks like every other cheeseburger 
Is it bad that this actually looks better than any of burgers made by the well known burger places ?
that looks pretty basic lol
I'll never understand why these common pics of a burger get so popular in this sub. It's just a simple fucking burger with fries. And a small as fuck meal at that. Not impressive nor unique!
You're in Vietnam. A country with arguably some of the tastiest food ever, and you eat a burger?
How do you know it's so good? Not a bite taken yet you wanker 
"fantastic" lol

bitch please
Oh look, a burger and fries. Let's put this shitpost on the front page. 

{TheDayIUnsubscribed.jpg}
Bold move leaving your wallet on a table in Vietnam.
Is there a subreddit for well plated and prepared meals?


Because r/food is food for fatties.
Meet up with Jordan Pike
Woah black angus dang da nang
Da nang is so beautiful. Hope you had fun! 
Na Trang is still where it's at. 
How long did that ketchup last?
Fantastic burger from Da Nang, going in. 
Is that traditional food in Danang?
What camera/phone was this shot with? Seems remarkably sharp.. All the more delicious to ogle. 
Da Nang me, Da Nang me, I hope they get a rope and hang me! 
Looks da nang good. 
Marshall is that you?
Look tasting goood
Out here in countryside Japan, it's so hard to find a decent burger. I've found two places in the whole prefecture that I consider decent so far. Treasure those places. T_T
There's a famous burger shop  named Phuong's in Hoi An if you're interested ;) 
Had it one month ago! Delicious! Go find Cong Caphe next!

https://www.tripadvisor.com.sg/ShowUserReviews-g293924-d7315576-r345312107-Cong_Caphe-Hanoi.html
I need this burger now!
Not 10 clicks from Da Nang? 
Near hoi an right? I try to stick to traditional in the area bit a burger would be a nice option 
The da nang thang.
I want those fries
i too enjoy nutria burgers
The burger!? Those chips are the real king of the tray. 
Now I'm hungry. -.-
I love the metal wear and wooden platter.  And given what is visible within this picture, very little waste will make it in to the trash when finished.  

This place is great! I remember going a few times and their burgers being sold out!
HIMYM called... Wants its script back. 
If you get it to go do you get the little buckets?
Looks very tasty....
Viva Da Nang!
No matter where your from how can you not appreciate that right there!??
Obligatory lemonade! I guess the chairs were also low? Ahh I miss Vietnam and its food!
Where's da nang 
It actually looks like a burger!! Everything else I ordered in that (awesome) country looked like somebody had seen it once in a book translated from Chinese to French and back to Chinese again before being translated to Vietnamese by an orangutang...
I'm not sure what's braver, eating a burger in Vietnam or leaving your wallet on the table...
Where's the Booty Sweat?!
Go to Tam's Surf shop, she learned to cook herself from Yanks she befriended during the war. Her food is brilliant and cheap.
My girlfriend and I are currently backpacking SE Asia for the next few months and are heading to Da Nang in a few days. While we're trying to avoid western style food in order to get as much exposure to local cuisine as possible, we're definitely going to check this out. Thanks for posting!
That looks so good, curse youuu!!! Lol
Then you went to a ping pong tournament in Ding Dang.
Alpo Chino "Good thing i got this Booty Sweat in Da Nang."
Not bad
Da-Nang that looks good!
Can confirm, eaten there multiple times. Is delicious
If you end up travelling up to Hanoi, stop by Chops if you want to have a great burger.
That is a good looking burger! Good shot.. Looks like a pic for an ad
Burger does look like a winner.

I cant help to notice that you left youre wallet on the table; youre just asking for trouble.

For a similar Burger in Saigon, I recommend Chucks.

Saigon has no shortage of good burgers now though.  


That looks really really tasty! Is food cheaper in Vietnam than the U.S.? Could you give me a comparison to dollars as to what you paid? Here in Colorado, that looks a 10 dollar meal at least. Damnit, now I want a freaking cheeseburger from Da Nang . Thanks Jerk. I'm kidding, but I'm stoned AF and I REALLY WANT one of those now! Medical grade weed and
r/food are a dangerous combo..
Viva Da Nang, vivaaaa Da Nang!
That is just not enough beverage for a burger like that
i may be a little biased (okay maybe a lot) but vietnamese food is one of the best
I love restaurants and joints with a good aesthetic
For some reason I love when ketchup is in the little metal cups. 
How was the ketchup? Last time I was in VN and tried a handful of western joints the ketchup was a bit... off.
Did you wash it down with some booty sweat?
nice wallet
thanks for sharing
How was the log ride?
I'm sure it was delicious, but I'd be willing to bet that patty had some weird gristley bites in it. I've eaten burgers in that part of the world before.  The cows are skinny there, not souped up on hormones like they are in the US. 
Invading armies always leave behind the best food. 
GOOOOOOOD MORING VIETNAM! Viva Da Nang! 
How much did it cost.  
I want
WHERE IS THIS? I'm going to Danang in a couple of weeks!
AY DRINK BOOTY SWEAT, BABY!
Da Nang is Da Shiett!!
Looks very tasty!!
Dude, go to Tam's Pub and Surf Shop! Best burger in Vietnam! 

Tam learned how to make burgers from american soldiers as a little girl and they are delicious! There are still veterans visiting her shop for the burgers... 

Did you drink a [Booty Sweat?](https://youtu.be/W_4qjjSCB4M) NSFW
Every bit of this meal looks utterly amazing
Mk ii. .mm MNM
Ughhhh that looks so good 😩😩😩😩
.v.
Dammmnnnn
Yum 
This looks comparable to Red Robin. 
That looks amazing
Brioche bun, metal tin for fries usually means delicious
I was playing ping pong in ding dang...
Why is the coke skinny? 
Name of the place?
Seems like leaving your wallet on a table in Da Nang is a bad idea.
"Sure is hot out here, thanks goodness for this here booty sweat I got back in da nang."
Water buffalo? 
I wonder what meat it was.....
cool- could we get the pic without any color correction ?
#Tasty!
Burger Bros I assume. They are fabulous, if you are still in Danang you should try Taco Ngon. 
I had a couple relatives visit there once....
yummy
A hamburger and fries... yippee shit.
Haven't seen a fresh burger for a while. Pretty tasty!
Where did u find that I'll be moving to hcmc and would love to have that 
Looks very American 
[Da nang me, Da nang me, why don't they go home and get a rope and hang me!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Erf2iFHG44M&feature=youtu.be&t=18)
Looks pretty danang good. 
Burger Bros?
I was pleasantly surprised at the taste of burgers in Vietnam. Actually better than many us food establishments. 
That's cool, I like this kind of thing. 
Goddd now I'm hungry
What is with all the metal cups for fries at all the burger joints nowadays?
There's an old saying about Asian joints. 'If you don't see any stray dogs or cats around, your probably eating them'
Hey, that sounds like a song Elvis wrote!  Da Nang me, Da Nang me, someone get a rope and hang me!


RIP Robin Williams :c
"small burger" joint or small "burger joint"? :p
Simple, uncomplicated burgers are the best.
Those buns always look good and appealing but end up being way too much bread for me. 
Is that real cheese of velvita crap?
I make my burgers myself and make the best burgers in the world in my opinion of course ,with the best ingredients!!!! Love burgers, it looks good though :)
Does it still have some smoky and jellied gasoline taste we all know and love?
were you playing ping pong in Ding Dang?

I registerd just to comment here. I visited Vietnam earlier this year and visited the same shop. It's Burger Bros, right? They have really awesome burgers, I was in Da Nang for three days and ate there every time!
Id be weary about eating beef anywhere in SE Asia. I had horrrible, death like diarrhea for days. I was shitting water up to 10+ times a day, slept on the bathroom floor in a fetal position, thought I was dying, cried countless times....The pain was unreal. I would rather get shot again than go through those 5+ days of pure torture and agony. 
Did you also pick up some of that Booty Sweat in Da Nang? (There's a Tropic Thunder post elsewhere on the front page)
Man...I'm hungry 
When will a lettuce salad or anything healthy at all make it to the first page?
Did you steal the metal fry cup afterwards? I like to steal little stuff like that.
Is that a tall can of coke?
Da Nang Daniel!
Was this along the stretch of restaurants along the west side of river, just north of the dragon bridge?
How much was it?
Reminds me of going to The Diner in Florence, Italy and getting some incredible cheeseburger/fries/milkshakes.
I'm on keto.  Can you describe to me what it tastes like?
Dang!
Did you wash it down with some booty sweat, you coochless mother fucker? 
Was it burger Bros? My girlfriend took me there for my birthday last year when I was so sick of rice and noodle. It was easily one of the best burgers of my life and definitely the best I had in Asia. 
So we really did leave MIA/POW's behind.  
That looks delicious! Makes me wish I could reach into the screen and take a bite lol
HOW DO YOU MAKE FRIES CRISPY LIKE THIS?
Potato in Vietnam ?! Struck gold there 
Dang nag me dang me why don't you just get a rope and hang me!
Danang that looks good!
How did you know it was fantastic without taking a bite?  Hmmmm...
Danang that looks good 
Great presentation. Looks delicious! 
Looks like a handmade patty, as opposed to the machinemade fake food ones.
I really wish it was easier to make fries like that.
What a beautiful Da Nang. *chew*
Wow. A picture of a fucking burger.
[Me during this....](http://imgur.com/a/uwkso)
Ew fatty foods 
That looks really good lol 
that looks like a frozen patty burger, gross!
Am I the only one who saw this picture and thought, "that's not enough ketchup."?


Can you tell us what makes this burger so special? Otherwise, it just looks like a typical cheeseburger. 
Look at it
My sister had a burger in Vietnam when we visited 15ish years ago. She got food poisoning lol. 
Another good thing to get from there would be the egg coffee. It's topped with a sweet whipped egg cream. They have it at Namu Namu. 
holy shit, I was just there the other night. Have you checked out Taco Ngon over on 2 My Do Dong 8? gotta try their fish with the ginger cabbage.
I had an incredible burger in Hanoi this summer AND the place was playing great music. 
A burger in Da Nang sounds awesome! Just had a bowl of phô in Phoenix, Arizona.
Red Robin?
I call bs. Burgers taste like shit in vietnam. They have zero access to any beef that isnt absolute garbage. 
ship me one 
Little skimpy on the catsup though.
I wander what you eat for lunch and supper. Or is this a small snack. Also "I ate this burger at a small burger joint" where else are you gonna eat a burger at.
looks like someone took a shit in a bun, squished it, and added American cheese. That burger looks like complete dog shit. 
I was a waitress for 10 years.. those ramekins absolutely disgust me, I can never eat out of them..I know whats in the bottom :(

TIL I don't know what an "amazing" or "fantastic" burger looks like. That looks like something I can make myself at home?  Chopmeat on a bun with a slice of cheese and a piece of lettuce? What is amazing about this? 
This sub is as uncultured as it gets. Burger and fries.
Luckily you knew it would be good before you ate it, so you were able to take a picture...
This looks like any normal burger you can get at triple O's or even a normal cafeteria what's the big deal
"I was at a bar in Da Nang."
"Just now?"
Ain't nothing but a Da Nang thang
When backpacking around Vietnam and scraping at the barrel for money I could never bring myself to ordering something like this when comparing it to the price of street food! It looks a real treat!
Damn the last time I was in Da Nang there was zero American joints and that town had a creepy vibe to it. We got outta there early. That ride down the mountain was nuts too, the brakes on our sprinter van was glowing red every time we got out to get some air.
I almost ate a probably subpar burger from Hardee's last night, but they got my order wrong and gave me a grilled chicken instead. This just makes me want it more
Something is really off with that bokeh... The fries on the left are blurrier than the back of the burger itself. 
looks the same as every other cheeseburger i ever seen. its just the photography that makes it seem "fantastic"
That looks very fancy! I wish I could go there and eat something there!
They do American better than America!
Is it Red Robin? It looks like it.
Da Nang was kind of lively but dead at the same time when I was there.
Wow I'm surprised, I was born there but moved to USA as a baby. The first time I went back I tried some American food after getting sick of eating Vietnamese food all day. That was some of the worst American food ever, and I tried it at a few places.  
We're taking pictures of lunch now? What is this, facebook?
Doesnt look that special, just a regular burger patty with some cheese
What's the red stuff in the little dipping container?
[deleted]
I'm more intrigued by that coke in a redbull can
Gotta say it doesn't even look fatty or gross. I envy you. Would love to try that beautiful masterpiece.
Hey I'm gonna be in Vietnam next week. What's the name of this place? I wanna try it out
You have a George cozstanza wallet. It's about to burst. 
Oh man, its 2pm here, Im hungry as hell but i have 2h more at work. This picture....made me even more hungry 😂
> a small burger joint in Da Nang

Ho Chi Minh is even now powering the scientific and technological progress of the Vietnamese people - their research labs are all driven by a dynamo attached to his rapidly spinning corpse.
Is it just perspective or does the coke can look stretched?
Nice pic.  Could you tell us what was amazing about it?  
Dammit I was *just there*.

Where were these burgers?
Damn I had a cheeseburger yesterday!
Just in case you're not aware, do not have seafood there. The ocean in that area is poisoned by a steel refinery since March. No ocean swimming as well.

This link is from March but there have not been any effort to clean the ocean, so be careful: [How bad is the beach and seafood situation in Da Nang?](https://www.tripadvisor.com.sg/ShowTopic-g298085-i10088-k9472462-How_bad_is_the_beach_and_seafood_situation_in_Da_Nang-Da_Nang_Quang_Nam_Province.html)
Every time I read Da Nang, I am reminded of GTA:SA
Sino you go abroad to eat the sale food zs home? Americans are so strange 😄
is it classic cheese burger?
Price?
So... you took a photo of it prior to eating it, in anticipation of it being fantastic?
A Vietnamese joint selling burgers? Never heard that. Usually it's pho, spring rolls, etc. but nots burgers and fries 
Oh no! I ordered a burger in Hue and it looked just as incredible! After 3 weeks I was so tired of eating soup for every meal so this burger was a welcome reprisal. 
The cheese ended up tasting like ass and the meat was made of mutton. The entire thing was inedible. It was so depressing. 

Then I had a three way with two hot Australians. 
And I'm here stateside, surrounded by delicious burger joints and can't have them because my girlfriend is "not a fan" and we always eat together.  
How do you know it's amazing if you haven't eaten it yet
How do you know it is fantastic if there is no bites taken out of it.
Why do small joints and restaurans always try the hardest?
That coke tho 
You ruined it with lettuce, ffs.  The outside of the burger looks a bit dark, bun looks nice though.
You can just tell by looking at a burger when it's going to taste nice. Looks a good un.  

No brioche bun, no burger.
What's the burger joint in and what state or country
Those fries are staring at me and i cant do anything.........Internet why you so cruel WHYYYY
Did you know that kuwait has 33 burger joints half of which are designed by locals 😊
I can go to Freddies Frozen Custard for a better burger than this average joe.
#THAT'S CULTURAL APPROPRIATION! REEEEEE!
It's a fucking burger.
The US thus really did win the Vietnam War. Can't we just stop dropping bombs and let our culture do the work? Carpet bomb the middle east with blue jeans, blockbusters, and Sports Illustrated Swimsuit issues?
Sure it wasn't hot dog?
Good Morning, Vietnam (1987)

Adrian Cronauer (Robin Williams): Good morning, Vietnam! Hey, this is not a test. This is rock and roll. Time to rock it from the delta to the DMZ! Is that me, or does that sound like an Elvis Presley movie? Viva Da Nang. Oh, viva, Da Nang. Da Nang me, Da Nang me. Why don't they get a rope and hang me?"

Sad that's fairly close to how he went out...gone, but not forgotten.
Viva Da Nang.  Viva Da Nang.  Da Nang me.  Da Nang me.  Why don't they get a rope and hang me?
Why the fuck would you waste calories on a mediocre hamburger when you could be eating any number of delicious tropical fruits only found in SE Asia?
[deleted]
If you ate it wouldn't there be a bite in it
Did you take the picture knowing it was going to be awesome? Or do you take pictures of all your food hoping it will be awesome?
"I was playing ping pong in Ding Dang..."
I can't imagine an American actually enjoying standard asian minced beef. I can't even eat in Five Guys London because of the dry and flavourless UK minced beef. Sure, I'll have a grassfed scottish prime steak rather than standard prime USDA but when it comes to minced beef it's a very different situation 
Wow amazing burger! What is that kind of Coke can? It looks tall and slim like redbull
Whoa that's such a tall coke bottle!
That looks like a skinny can of Coke!
i came here for the Robin Williams references, I am disappoint. 
Viva Da Nang
That burger looks like what most burger places advertise.
How is this front page? This literally looks like the burgers you get in 90% of places. Reddit loves pictures with boosted colours i guess. Small things etc 
This is Shake Shack.
Bullshit.. that place caters mostly to tourists and their setup is pretty much like any burger joint in America
Whatever you do, don't play ping pong in ding dang.
What if I told you the meat in that burger isn't what you think it is?
So fresh that meat was barking that morning.
tell me, what seasoning do they use? And also, what type of dog? 
**Somewhere in San Francisco, a tourist from Hanoi enjoys an amazing bowl of pho.**
First French influence and now American. This is testament to the fact that you don't even have to "win" the war in a conventional sense. 
Charlie Burger with Napalm sauce on the side.
Did you get a can of booty sweat with it?
You took a pic before eating it so you intended on sharing prior to knowing whether it would be fantastic or not. Would you still have shared if it wasn't good? 
It's made of ground up cat vulvas
Yeah, well I played ping pong in Ding Dang.
That burger looks disgusting...
**Where? We hit that port all the time and this looks amazing!**
Ewwww communist meat
The fries and burger look dry. 
why do you ate it ? is he evil ?
Was it hamster?  It looks like hamster.
Looks pretty fucking basic to me
Was it made from dog, cat, Rat, or other???
Holy shit that looks so awesome, I would fuck that cheeseburger up to the point it didn't even know what happened!
Shouldn't you try the indigenous food that the locals have to offer?
Upvoted for Adelaide.
EDIT: Buggered the title up. Was actually Coorong Black Angus Scotch Fillet.

Beautiful Medium-Rare off the Rotisserie at The Lion in Adelaide.
What's in the little side dish? Something for the steak or the fries?
Drinking Ochota?
That'll make a turd. 
Am I the only one upset they didn't let it rest before plating?
I think I could eat this every day and be happy
as an adelaidean, I would like to know where this is
I love steak. 
That's a weird lookin' sirloin.

This steak is making love to my eyes...
Looks amazing,yet i'd prefer my fries on a separate plate.
Are you saying that Foster's misled me about the size of steaks in Australia?
Did you attend the day night test match in adelaide?
There for the cricket?
Did you eat the fries first before they got dumb soggy? 
Enjoy your blood soaked fries. Half your meal is disgusting. Steak looks ok.

Sorry it appears to be a red wine jus. So enjoy your soaked fries, still gross
Would you like some frozen French fries with your fresh steak?
Mmm love these!!
What sauce did you use for the bites?
Yum... th that looks so good?
What's the texture like?
Stunning! Amazing and beautiful. Too pretty to eat though! 
So gorgeous! 
How do you do the at with the dough? I always overwork it when I try things like this, do you have a truck to it?
Amazing artistry! 
Absolutely gorgeous whimsy! 
A work of art
Once you see the heart, you can't see anything else. Pretty!
*with
sorry this is so weird to me 
As a Canadian I have never understood the sweet potato marshmellow dish that Americans make at thanksgiving. It's just weird.
Ye Olde Reggie Deluxe!
Chicken and egg sandwich? Also known as the mother and child sandwich.
I want to go to there to eat two biscuits.
One of the few places I am willing to stand in line in the rain for 45 minutes before ordering and then fighting for a table.  All in the name of the perfect hangover cure. 
It'll make a turd.
Oh my fuck
Once was dragged there at 5 am right when they opened just to get a biscuit. 1000% with it
How'd they fit a whole fried chicken in that? 
Looks amazing 
I'm so hungry.
One of the best bfast Sami he's on earth-  requires a healthy addition of aardvark sauce
Holy oh my god
I was just in Portland two days ago, why couldn't I have seen this while I was there :( That looks fantastic. 
I live 20 min from portland. Time to try this
>amazing biscuit sandwich
>
>Portland

His story checks out
OP, go to the Screen Door. It's in Portland and has some of the best southern cooking around.
Did you put any Secret Aardvark (hot sauce) on it? Definitely adds to the flavor.
Try Tasty & Alder in Portland, great biscuits there too.
Totally worth the long lines. The Reggie Deluxe is so delicious! 
Well.. Now I can't stand up for the 10 minutes.
Oh baby I ate there three years ago. I day dream about it often. 
God damn that is beautiful
Another great biscuit breakfast sandwich comes from Grand Central Bakery. Great food, much shorter lines. The biscuit always gets a nice crisp on the outside.
Now if it were traditional sawmill sausage gravy this would be my kryptonite. Minus the cheese.
Going to Portland on Tuesday, have added this place to the itinerary! 
More like amazingly over priced. Thought it would be worth the wait but it was mediocre.
What does a "biscuit" consist of in America? Because in Ireland a biscuit is like a cookie...
the gravy screws it up
I do believe it's properly known as a scone and not a biscuit.
Is that.... breakfast in a scone? Wtf lol
I'm surprised to see biscuits outside of the American south. (I'm from KY.)
I love all the ingredients.  However not all slopped together.  FAIL.
Those chips (?) are thick! And it looks great. It's tartare, btw :D
Bone apple tea!
http://i.imgur.com/FyrCyu2.png
*Ladurée!
If that's fried yucca count me in!
Raw egg, check.
Raw chopped meat, check.
Fries the size of the potato it came from, check.
That'd be tartare, not tar tar, mate
Looks delicious. Oddly I have more of a problem with raw egg than raw beef, something about the texture!
Why didn't they just put dough on the plate with the rest of it?
Ever wonder if fine dining is just laziness in disguise?  Looks like raw hamburger and an egg yolk lol xD 
I already know this is the most beautiful thing I will see all day.
*Laduree
*tartare

jesus
Those are some fancy pants Twinkies
Ok I've figured out I spelled tartare incorrectly haha. Thanks though I honestly had no idea on how to spell it
As I French who live in Texas, Steak Tartare and Carpaccio are missing in my life.
So was this horse steak or beef steak.
This is my wife's favourite dish, and each time I see a steak tar tar, I remember the clip from Mr. Bean :-)  this one looks incredible, btw.
Looks incredible

Laduree is a great place for foodies.    I cant think of too many things they do wrong in there.
In Belgium, they call this *Steak* or *Filet Americain*...

It blows my mind how they arrived at this term.
Isnt france in mad cow territory?
NOPE!
How pretentious
The only thing thats been cooked is the 4 french fries. Did you make this yourself or did you pay someone for this?
Edit. Sorry for being rude. this is obviously very delicious for you. Dont take my words too seriously. 
If you go to Italy and have pizza there, this is not 'rustic', it's just normal!
This picture made my stomach growl.
Anchovies on pizza.  Mmmmmm. 

I always put hot peppers, anchovies and feta, among other things. The best part is everyone else won't take my slices because they think it's disgusting!
Michaelangelo would hate this pizza
looks so nice! when i make homemade pizza i normally add lots of topping such as vegetables or minced meat. i also like simple pizzas with just pesto, cheese and tomato <3
Marinaded in:

Honey, white wine vinegar, olive oil, lemon, garlic, salt & pepper, paprika, ground pimento berries (allspice), fresh parsley & sage.

It's always important to marinade with something acidic to make the meat nice and tender, hence the white wine vinegar. I didn't put in much lemon. 
Is that Joe's CrabShack?
I presume that is with fresh lobster--so why snow crab? Especially a cluster with legs broke off. (as for frozen seafood, shrimp holds up so much better than crab or lobster).   Used to live in Portland, Me., now in Tucson--so yes I would eat that up no matter.
Yup... I'm officially jealous now...
Wtf! Reported for NSFW.
Holy Bejeepus! +1 for the Gaytime. My heart clogged-up just  looking at this thing! 
Omg , where they do that at ? 
Need this!!!!!
/r/memefood
Why not just bake them
i would so totally eat this
Eggs Cochon at Ruby Slipper?
Seriously, why has this got so few up votes? It looks so good. I wanna lick my screen.
Check out who dat cafe so good
Agh there bloody is pretty good there
Where are you
Powdered hollandaise. Yum
Were you drunk as hell when you took this picture? Its 1 beer from being completely upside down
Probably Stanley Restaurant! Fried eggs Benedict looks amazing.
What is on top of the egg on the fried chicken benedict?
Duck fat fries. Omg yum. Or potato confirm, also amazing. Basically anything root. 
Basically use it in place of whatever oils you use to cook on a regular basis = Fall in love with food like never before 
Confit de Canard
Duck fat chicken wings!!
Eggs, mashed potatoes, roasted potatoes, on hot dinner rolls....

Put in your mashed potatoes and it will rock your world. 
Pop corn in duck fat, with truffle salt to season 
Looks amazing 
Where's the turkey 
Nice decoration. 
Nicely done.
That looks like something my grandma would've made. 
I usually just do quick SR/shortening biscuits because I'm lazy and don't keep buttermilk around but I had some left over from thanksgiving cooking and decided to go old school. They turned out great... pretty much just like Bojangles.
What recipe did you use?
This looks interesting! & delicious 
From Odd Duck in Austin, TX
Now that, looks absolutely awesome.  Entrée of the month!  Was it a good chicken, or some Sysco roadkill yardbird?  How about the price?
That owl has seen some shit
Beautiful 
I love the colours used.
Great little eyes on the owls. 
Those plates are beautiful. 
I can see you used oil in the pan instead of butter. Solid choice, gives them that nice crispy ring. 
Close up: http://imgur.com/8Pp47uv
Thumbnail looks like an emoji.
Did you use bisquick i know that its kinda cheating but i really prefer it.
Hidden Mickey much?
Man that bacon looks perfect
I feel like the grapefruit is bitter.
Your plating is beautiful. Also, props to drinking your coffee black.
Those look like hoecakes! 
No knife in photo.  How you cutting these?  
These look amazing. I have to try this oil trick! 
My parents have similar plates. They are from my great grand mother. Super fragile!

Pancakes make me hungry ...
How was the bacon cooked? It looks fantastic! 
Calling bs on the best. They set up the picture to be posted and it happened to be the best? Ok wait, looked at the closeup. Those pancakes look great! 
Try sour cream pancakes...they'll change your life. It'll be shorter, but worth it.
.........How are you alive.
Recipe pls op
You did a fantastic job! Mouthwatering 
beautiful!
looks absolutely delicious! i'll definitely have to try making something similar soon :) 
Can you make this for my birthday too?
I love this cake. Elegant yet simple. 
Why are you just assuming that the cake is gay
This cake looks a little bit like a lie. 
That s amazing! I struggle so much in cake decorating! you did an awesome job!
Recipe please! It looks awesome.
Roll out puff pastry, spread with pesto,mayo, hummus, olive paste or anything spready, leaving a 2cm gap round edges. Cover with halved tomatoes and spinach and bake for 20 mins or so. Or steam spinach and use that as the spready stuff, maybe with a bit of grated nutmeg or parmesan.
Omelet, quiche, sautéed spinach with tomatoes, dip, 
smoothie, salsa
Make a pesto sauce, blister the tomatoes, mix it all in with some pasta. Add shrimp too, or chicken. Whatever you're into.
This looks amazing. How did you prepare the steak?
This is the lunch portion of the pork chop.  It comes with some homemade applesauce, and mashed potatoes.  It's only available at lunch, and the location nearest to me is only open on Fridays.  This video shows the dinner chop.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JMrMOdFt7rg
ohh we've been wanting to go for this!  Which one did you go to?
I made fun of my dad for getting a pork chop at a steak house. Then I had a bite. I've ordered it every single time after that.
I can't see how it would be.  IIRC salmon isn't hugely high in mercury.  The rest of it is just high fat.  If you feel great, I wouldn't be too concerned.  Just make sure you get an appropriate amount of vitamins as your diet sounds limited and prone to deficits. 
WHERE?!
D-luxe Burger in Disney Springs at WDW.
That sounds so good right now. Might even grab a burger right before sleep ;D
Please tell us where to find this burger
Looks like a Disney park, but the question is, which one? 
From what I can see, I presume it's Luxe Burger in Springfield?
Interesting combination with the curry + chorizo ... sounds bomb!
It looks like the bear is being birthed.
Looks like an anus.
So what's the Orange ball on top
Modern Japanese food culture.
Looks too awesome to eat...


Still would eat anyways 
Not a fan of IPA's, but those rolls look delicious. Almost makes the 25 hour drive worth it! :\^)
These rolls look so classy.
Where at in nawlins? 
Jeeze, were you able to finish? 
Fancy!!
What kind of beer? 
LoL ofcourse you can substitute almost anything for beef, I never ate beef for most of my life due to religious reasons. So it was very common to switch up and make our own style of food. We used lamb, deer, horse sometimes ( I'm Canadian so we eat horse here), goat turkey.... you name it. So I"m sure yours will turn out great :) Cheers
I would think either would be good. Never used those but I've had chili with sausage and deer. Those were good
Ground turkey can be used to replace ground beef. 
Oh yeah ground turkey works very well 
Good to use a decent beef stock to get some flavour flav in there. 
Yes, I do it all the time in both chili and spag sauce, love it!
Ground turkey is a really a good substitute. My fiancée doesn't care for ground turkey and when I put it in my sphagetti sauce he was like. This is turkey?? There was no difffeence. And he is picky. 
Delicious 
Recipe?
Looks Lovely, is that cheese or egg?
Very nice
Wow that looks delicious, what's the broth made from?
Did you make the noodles??
That looks awesome. 
just wanted to share, this is laksa/curry noodles of Ipoh:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdnwcjJEq48
Oh my god... That looks amazing!!!
It'll make a turd. 
Its bloody expensive to get down there, when scientists do get down there they are generally more interested how they interact and learning, rather than if they taste good deep fried in batter. 
Depends, are we talking mesopelagic, bathypelagic, abyssopelagic or hadopelagic?

If mesopelagic: pretty much how any regular fish would taste like, in fact, some are regular fish.

If bathypelagic and abyssopelagic: not much to eat, probably a bit like sulfur, and has the consitency of jelly due to several environmental factors.

If hadopelagic: there are not any fish that deep down i think.

In the case of a giant squid, probably like eating a tire(i think some people got a piece of one and ate it)


but as the other coment said, it is generally not worth it due to the extreme expenses involved and the small yield in comparison. 

No, no, no, no, no, no, no......
[The Luther Burger!](https://youtu.be/HffOj--p9bU?t=9s])
I ate heart disease
This was a jim gaffigan joke.
I must know. Where is this from? I need this in my life. 
I'd eat that
I need this!!
I KNOW REDS WHEN I SEE IT!

This is actually my favorite restaurant!

Been wanting to try it, was it any good?

Place around me does this, except it also has peanut butter on it 
[Your dog wants a word with you...](http://c8.alamy.com/comp/EKCNY5/elizabethan-collar-around-german-shepherd-dogs-head-to-prevent-scratching-EKCNY5.jpg)
There was a place at my university called Fat Sandwich that did this and yes it's as amazing as it sounds.
Luther
I was expecting something more spherical and dangly. 
That'll make a turd. 
"Let me get a cheddar burger"

(Immediately runs over little girl while in a pot induced stupor)
they're so HAPPY!
I've never tried pickled egg !! What does it taste like??
How do you make them?
A side of mediterranean pickles would've sealed the deal. Very delicious nonetheless. 
Richmond is IN the house. Great shout-out for a city on the rise! (And got props this summer from Travel & Leisure magazine for having one of *world's* must-visit boutique hotels & gourmand-loving restaurants: Quirk on Broad.  Way to support the home team, OP!
Holy. Crap. The first time I tried wood pigeon was in Scotland and I was skeptical. IT WAS THE BEST THING I'VE EVER EATEN. This photo looks amazing. I'm very, very jealous. 😊👍🏾
Yeah,wood pigeon 
Pigeon like that grey bird ? 
It'll make a turd. 
What the hell else would you cook the pigeon in other than a pan? Ffs. If you cook it on a rock, that's noteworthy. But calling something pan fried is a bunch of nonsense. 
Looks bakery-window-worthy....
Looks like this sourdough will always be optional... since there's no KNEAD for it!!

 :D
Let Us Gather Round The God Of Bread Poot
Flour yeast water salt?
Beautiful 
Ugh, sourdough, you have my heart <3

I've been trying homemade breads lately, testing with the knead and the no-knead. This looks so good I'll have to try it next!
Recipe please !
Mississippi doing it up big
Eat at Jia in the Beau Rivage. My cousin is the head chef there. If you want something other than seafood. If not, ignore this comment.
Sushi Zanmai?
Looks delicious!
Salmon roe is the best. 
The whole thing is unique and creative 
This is the best plate I have personally seen thus far on Reddit 
That'll make turds.
What's in the garlic dipping sauce?  I love dipping sauce lol
You forgot to cook your egg. 
They do have some good food. I could go for some oysters right now 
Where?
You have a big appetite. We can relate.
Adana looks delicious
Omg , heaven in on plate !! Where are the dips and the bread ? The sides ? Love this 
Looks boring. Bet you wish you live in America.
An amazing tradition
They look amazingly awesome 
Do you make your own gingerbread or buy sets, some of the shapes seem to be different 
Your family is very talented
The one with the candy cane roof
Do you end it in an argument duel with guns to see who gets to pet the new white polar bear cub at the zoo you donated lots of money too?
This brings me back to kindergarten. Yum :9
I see you have a tiny house hipster in the family.
The best part is that all of these are done at the same time. No one has time to prep, and no one has more time than anyone else!
Double the bourbon, now you have my full attention!
Recipe?
You had me at..."double." ;)
Lacquered? 
Where was this, I want now. 
Looks awesome 
Not trying to be rude but umm.. 
Is that spit on ur pizza or? 
That pizza looks dry as a stone 
Gotta admire your courage
Yup, thats an Italian pizza alright, you can tell by the spit on your pizza. 
Beautiful! I want to try it
looks soooo nice! how did you do it? i would like the recipe :3
A blue and a brie? Decent. But with a *beer*? Have you never had the palate orgy that *is* red wine and stinky cheese? Heretic! 

*Edited* because I don't words as good as I wine and cheese.
From where 
Better than porn 
If she's not spoken for, might I have a go at courting your friend's cheese platter? Sure looks lovely.
R.I.P. Don Vito 
Ah, reminds me of the time I went to Italy and had the option to try Viagra flavored gelato. I don't know why, but I chose lemon flavor instead.
Ah yes, blended up smurfs are delightful 
What does it taste like 
The real question is: did it dye your tongue blue like eating real smurfs? 
..not that I'd know anything about that, of course
An Ice Cream store I worked at in Highschool offered Smurf flavored ice cream.  It was a blue raspberry sherbet with a marshmallow nose and two candy eyes.  It was wildly popular with kids. 
I want to try Don Vito
Actually quite usual flavor in Germany and Czechia 
"that's going to be $1344.87, sir"

"Would you like to pay with credit card or food stamps?"
I just surprised that they only gave you half of a Brussel sprout.  
Looks pretentious, was probably expensive 
Looks like you at a lamb chop! 
Looks amazing I need to eat that!!
I'm sure it tasted amazing- c'mon it's the Ritz, they are always on point. My gripe is the tortured, unnaturally forced plating. Just no.
I thought that was a frog on the bottom right of the plate.
Bruhhhh
Goodness. It looks like it came right out of a professional bakery. Great job.
That looks fantastic, great job
Challah!
Challah at me!!
Thanks guys! I was hesitant to try a more complicated braid, but I will next time.  
Beautiful enough to have knees created by a food stylist! (And my mouth is watering...)
Love it. My mouth is watering 
Late by a couple days but Shabbat shalom
Looks delicious
that is a wonderful idea. 
Mouth-watering even via photo. I can smell the delicate citrus aroma from here...
The colors and textures in this photo are fantastic! What was the best part about it?
My favorite!!!
isn't paella always with seafood ?
Paella? That's a mini dish of "rice with things"
Why is 99% of this photo put of focus? It looks absolutely terrible. What a shame because from what I can make out, the paella looks good.
Bison is so lean - did the ribeye cut have any fat/marbling?
Wow that is really RARE
Are they made from plantains? What's the recipe?
I first heard of this when I read the Chronicles of Narnia as a kid.  Still never tried it.
TOO NARNIA
1. Narnia reigns. 2. Turkish delight no slough, either. Ask Edmund. 
Them shits is hella good
I love them !!!!
So good. The rose ones are even better with pistachio inside. 
Catfish is sooooo good
so cool - i want one
Fried perfectly golden brown... nice! What veggies do you have in there?
Its Delicious......
That looks great! Recipe?
That looks amazing - I tried my first apple pie yesterday, it turned out way too watery -- next time I will have to boil the apples... I don't know what to do with soggy apple pie now, though. 
I know it was probably delicious but how many miles do you have to run to work that off?
Sounds delicious 
Did you eat the potato you shot this with too?
I call dibs on the skin, all of it.
Wow! Fantastic, gosh that looks so good.  About broke my computer trying to get a spoon into that!
Dumb question, but what's an over-baked bean?
It'd be right back to bed for me after a breakfast like that!
But why did you put it all in the beans?!
Beets are great , try candied beets with some pickled radish. one of my fave and kinda fun to make. Also I buy fresh beets with the leafs still attached, they taste similar to collared greens or kale. just be creative with it and make it a challenge, tell your self " I"m going figure out how to make this taste good to me".
Also beet juice is good in cocktails, soup and just to drink, gratz on starting up a garden from one fellow gardener to another. 
Please tell me how!!
Its not a cubano then, its  just a vegan sandwich
Recipe?
Veganism ftw
Tiny table...Champs Diner? (:
This looks delicious..
Make sure it's extra virgin. Look for one that says "early harvest" for strong-tasting, pungent oil. Even better if they advertise the harvest date. A better quality oil is great in that it adds flavor in and of itself - to salads, cooking, anything. Lower quality oil tastes like nothing and is often adulterated with other oils, has a greasier feel, and fewer health benefits. As fresh as you can get it, the better. A really good quality olive oil might make you cough when you taste it straight-up. Expect to pay at least $20. Like wine, really good quality is worth it. Imported olive oils are really nice but you might get fresher oil and more information about the batch if you can get something from a farm in California. 
https://youtu.be/yClh8jUEkKE

That guy knows his olive oil... Find some extra Virgin from Italy. 
Villa capelli
Try a local artisan store should be good, or buy her two bottles. One of extra virgin from a distinct region ( Sicily, Naples ect...) then buy her one Nuevo etxra virgin
I don't know the recipes by heart because I only ever do dessert and you can find those recipes anywhere but Christmas is usually:

Cold curry shrimp in a salad with a garlic oil dressing as a starter;

Follow that up with a tomato and cream soup with cognac and black pepper;

Then we usually have either pigeon vol-au-vent with fries, grilled pheasant with baked potatoes or venison with root vegetables and rosemary potato wedges and salmon steak with a herb crust or honey lime chicken and mashed potatoes for my aunt that doesn't eat game;

Then either I make tiramisu or triple chocolate cake (dark chocolate cake, milk chocolate filling, white chocolate mousse and 3 kinds of chocolate shavings on top) for dessert;

Finish that off with any coffee (I like Irish coffee) accompanied with a slice of bread pudding with whipped cream and a nap and that's Christmas in a nutshell.
One dessert I love to make is pomegranate layered with yogurt and honey. Also on the pomegranate note, I make a gorgeous salad with dark greens like spinach, pomegranate, walnuts, and feta. 
Looks delicious, what is it?
Looks delicious,  but the yolk should always be runny
I'm drooling over here!!! Looks amazing. 
[deleted]
Thats a little too wet for my hangover
Here in Eastern Canada our Thanksgiving leftovers are more like potato, cabbage, and turnip, which make a nice hash when you fry it in a pan (akin to the UK's *bubble and squeak*), or used to ticken up a pot of turkey soup. Not sure if the green beans and sweet potatoes will work for either.


You could make a hell of a casserole out of all that you have listed above! Yummy! Throw it together with maybe some cream of mushroom soup and top with the the breeding and bake it! 

Edit: can't type...stupid mobile. 
potato pancakes! creamed turkey on toast, casseroles. so many great leftover meals to be made 
I wrapped shredded turkey,  mashed,  and stuffing in crest rolls. Baked, then dipped in gravy and they were awesome. 
Looks delicious  
Wtf is that ketchup?
Those are green beans? It looks like asparagus to me!
Good stuff!  I take it the chops are cut to check for doneness?  Invest in a meat thermometer (if you can) so then you don't have to cut them and lose juices to check!
That sauce makes it. 
Sorry but that ketchup makes that plate look gross
Green beans? You best be trolling. How does someone burn green beans?! 
this dish would have been awesome without the ketchup man. seriously though? ketchup with rice? 
Otherwise it looks good, try not to burn those beans next time, trust me, they are more tasty when they are not cripsy with a bit of sog.
I didn't come for the lolz 
What's watermelon rind like?
Doode or doodette, please share!
Wow! Really clean jars and appetizing!  
Show me your insides!!!
Did anyone else read this as "Chocolate Overlord Cake" first?  I, for one, welcome them.
Could I get the recipe?
Recipe for those looking for it:

* cookies

* sugar

step1: place half the cookies and half the sugar in the blender. 

Step2: use this as the cake and top with remaining sugar and cookies. 
Can I just.. like.. have that cake? Like just send it to me? I need it. Thx
That looks like it would be hard to serve.
[Written recipe for those who don't want to watch the video.](https://howtocakeit.com/blogs/cakes/chocolate-chip-cookie-mega-cake-with-cookie-butter-buttercream-eggless-cookie-dough)
Please please give us the recipe!!! I have to make this for Christmas no matter what.
Yolanda Gampp made this cake design. 
Upvote for the relevant username!
For anyone that is curious. OP's cake is pretty much this [YouTuber's cake](https://youtu.be/4zoWoAiK3wQ) (not sure about the filling though) so enjoy! :)
I think I might have gained 10 lbs by looking at that, and probably need a bib to catch my drool
My grand kids would really like this.
Am I the only one that thinks this would be sweet and sugary to the point that it just wouldn't taste very good?
/r/shutupandtakemymoney 
I'd marry this cake
How do you cut it without the cookies smashing the cake apart?
There's a bakery in Winnipeg, Manitoba called Baked Expectations that makes a cake like this. It's delicious. 
i read that as 'cookie overlord cake'...
Looks like heaven and a death sentence at the same time...well then again that's half the food on this sub :P
I approve 

My teeth hurt just looking at it, but damn does it look delicious. I'd eat the shit out of that cake.
After scrolling through the comments, apparently I'm the only person who thinks this looks pretty gross.
I wanna make an oreo overload cake

But I can't cook/bake/follow instructions :(
My daughter always says she loves me more than a cake with cookies under the cake and cookies on top. I show her this, Today I find out she has been lying to me all this time. 
Marry me?
Holy christ
I want this in my kitchen now, maybe two so I don't need to share. 
I have been eating right and exercising for 3 months while developing some self control in my food consumption. I would have to eat that whole fucking cake. I think that the photo alone may send me into a food spiral. 
This must be /u/whyweworkout...
i hate you :( so hungry right now fuck
Looks like cook get bored and just put the cookie dough around cake.

*what the hell they can eat it raw anyway!*
I'm a cookie guy and not much of a cake guy. Now I don't know what to think.
Saw title, thought sounds neat. [Then I opened the image.](http://i.imgur.com/a8R1gHp.gif) 
i can get fat on this
I think you mean *doughverload* amirite
I've scrolled by this several times today which made me sad I didn't have it, followed by eating chocolate pie as a condolence prize. Congrats. Hope it was delicious 
Oh my gerd!  My inner fat kid just squealed with cravings! 
Username DEFINITELY checks out...
I need this now!!!
Come on OP you cant post this and not give a recipe 
This cake would make a virgin go to hell.
Daiabetus
Is it safe to eat raw cookie dough like that?
I took this picture into the bathroom 2 minutes ago, am now having a cigarette.
Oh my God, please share recipe, please, please, please!
Want...Need...
Selfishly I would sneeze on that, making it only mine to devour.
At first glance I thought it was a massive cookie sandwich. Is it ice cream or frosting?
This looks amazing! Damn! I need the recipe so that my mom can try this! And I must see the innards!
I'm drooling just looking at it.
This is my new favorite food
A worthy tribute for National Cake Day.
Would kill for this cake.
LEEEEEROOOY!!
When I first looked at it, I thought it was a bunch of puppy's
I want this right the fuck now Jesus Christ
I think I'm in love
How long did that take to make?
lol I'm hard
If I ate that thing there would be nothing left but the middle of the cake.    (And then probably nothing left at all after that.)
I wanna eat that all at once.
Well I think that's a fitting title for sucha cake
"who put their hand in the cookie cake" 
Would
oh MY GOD :O

Give me the recipe, I wanna do it for christmas! :D Please!
[!!!](http://www.slate.com/content/dam/slate/articles/life/low_concept/2012/06/120607_LC_COOKIE_MONSTER.jpg.CROP.promovar-mediumlarge.jpg)
It kinda looks like an epic scene from a clay animation. Mouth-watering, nonetheless.
I want to lunge my fist through the screen, grab it, and slam my head directly into it, suffocate, then die a happy death.
I want to get inside you. Then have you inside me. 
Get inside of me
I need to see the inside.  r/picsthatendtoosoon
I'll kill for this cake
Where can I buy this ?
[Just hook it to my veins!](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=m4xIy1rlJKs)
how you even cut that?   with an obsidian chefs knife?
Are those Wegmans cookies? They look like Wegmans cookies. 
Looks sooo good. Going to have to try something like that soon~
This is amazing!!
Do you need a visa, cake? I am single and willing to marry for your citizenship.
That looks really good. my goodness. 
I like cookies but I really love this cake! Yum!
omg
Get In My Belly!
[removed]
Not savoury but I'd still eat it.
[removed]
That must be incredibly delicious! I feel like Cookie Monster.
That's what it would look like comin out the other end too!
2 please. One spoon. 
This looks delicious!
*Hunger for cookies intensifies.*
Yummy for days, I've got a refrigerator
But...why...so...much....cookies? 
biscuits...

nice, but chocolate chips should be replaced with cookie dough bites.
Epic Mealtime.
Seeing stuff like this makes me sad. Probably not for any reason you may think, but because my girlfriend forgot my birthday, and would probably never ever even think of making something like this for me.
Cookie Doughverload Cake
It looks better in the thumbnail
looks so delicious!!!!!!
Hey OP it's my birthday on Tuesday, want to make me one? 😇 
is that even edible
Cookie Overlord Cake 

FTFY
Dibeetus
Wow amazing work
can you give me the recipe please?
Recipe?!
I want that in my face right now 
OP I want to fuck your cake.
I'm just going to pretend I never saw this or I may not be able to leave my house again without a wheelchair.
Looks good but impossible to eat properly. Presentation < function
Where would one start eating this? Better question would be. When to stop?
Chocolate chip cookie very important to me...it means whole lot to me...om nom nom nom.
Oh sweet Jesus, I am in love.
God damn
This is porn for my tummy
This looks delicious and like it's a pain in the ass to cut :/
This is beautiful! I would buy one in a minute.
Crazy. Someone is proud of something they made and posted it. "Gross"; fucking Jesus, people
Jesus Christ 
*After seeing the cake:*

"Dude..."

*After seeing the inside of the cake:*

"**Dude...**"
im at a loss for words
Thought this said "giant cookie overlord cake". Was about to bow down to our new overlord. 
Am I the only one that thinks this looks gross? It's too much
Username checks out. Also please marry me so we can have his ever day. 
Life just got a little brighter on my cake day! 😍👏
Honestly nothing on the internet has made my mouth water as much as this has
I think at some point we're going to hit a point where eating a slice of cake is just instant death
I could use one of these right about now.
I'll take mine to go, thanks!
dough on the bottom looks FUCKING RAW
Yaaaasss....
Shut up and take my pancreas 
That looks disgusting
The birth of diabetous
Is that raw cookie-dough?  With raw eggs?  Sitting out at room temperature? 
That thing will make you 10kg heavier.

Beautiful, but a pain to cut and either the slices will be paper thin or we're all getting fat. 
Sorry but I read [HumanMade] when I glanced at the title .
cookiezi
Homemade : Delicious Hear attack

Stills gets an upvote
I need this 
That looks sooooo delicious.
Omg this looks so delicious. I think my boyfriend would ask me to marry him on the spot. Receipe pretty please??? 
Drool
Mmm... yummy!
r/confusedboners 
Jesus fucking Christ on a popsicle stick!
is it bad that i've never tried cookie dough before?
LooKs GREAT...
I have never seen food so appetizing in my life. I can can almost smell the tasty smells.
It looks like OP got the idea from YouTuber Yolanda Gamp, from How To Cake It. Yolanda made a cake that looked exactly like this. You should check out her channel!
Looks awesome, is that ice cream in the middle? 
It's my birthday... please send with Xbox One attachment. Thanks :) 💜
could have called it Cookie Doughverload Cake 

i want it too.
That is one sweet cuppin cake!
This post made me buy the things I was missing to make this. Thank you. 
I mean i guess its okay..
Are those leaves fake?
Maximum Overcookie
This looks like a lot of cookie. 
Dear god whoever makes this can have me right now.
OMG yes! I would eat the shit out of that! 🐸🐸🐸
Where that recipe at?
Cavity on a platter! Lmbo Sad part is, I would really eat some of that!
mother. of .god.
Humans don't deserve such a beautiful thing. 
Are you a culinary wizard? 
I'd no longer be afraid of sudden death if this was put in front of me.
Heaven exists!
I'd fucks with that
Overload? That's not enough cookie for me!

Mary me.
I read that as Cookie Overlord Cake.   

Lol
I hate the title. There is never enough cookies. 
RemindMe! 872 hours
that's one preeeetty cake
'Merica
that dough on the bottom is not good to eat, you can get sick from the raw egg.. I know it gives me the shits when I eat dough
Downvoting this. The presentation could be a lot better. If it doesn't look good, it probably doesn't taste that great either. I'm not impressed.  
Totally fat free too! Win win. 
thats how you get ants.
I can feel my arteries clogging
Recipe or it didn't happen 
I was thinking more like pancreas overload.
Dude, that's from How to Cake it. You do realize that right?
>overload

Can confirm.
To eat that you would be fat. But if u were that fat you would be too lazy to make it, let alone try and eat that thing. Looks just as hard to eat as make.
I'm sure it tastes good but it doesn't look very appealing, especially the blobs around the base. 
Salmonella
DO NOT CONSUME RAW COOKIE DOUGH
What is faina?
Mensho Tokyo in San Francisco. Worth the lineup. 
Wow. I didn't realize lamb ramen was a thing. Looks amaze balls. 
What is the recipe? I must make this!
I would inhale that.
Love ramen!!!!!!
Looks so delicious!
I need to find a ramen shop where I live, I'm missing out. 
Japanese food that I don't irrationally hate for absolutely no reason at all? Sign me up!
Ricy Spamb Lamen
No thank you 
It isn't r/food without ramen being posted every minute, and everyone circle-jerking about it in the comments lmao
Ramen
Recipe plz, looks soooooo good!
Spinach or basil?
Good mozz, fresh sauce, fennel sausage, calabrian chili, basil. Killer good.
IKEA is having an employee gingerbread contest. This would totally win with the Scandinavian patterns! 
That looks like really delicate work. Did you assemble it... gingerly?
This is beautiful! 
Beautiful
Beautiful
Whoa. Kind of reminds me of henna.
Gingerbread houses instantly give me some holiday spirit 
I've paddled (canoe) headwaters like this. You view the same scenery for HOURS and seem to make no progress.
very pretty and actually looks edible
It looks great. It will look even better when I rip off the roof tiles and eat it as well. It looks delicious. >:D
Wow! I love it, I wish I could taste it but then I also don't want to taste it as it's so well decorated.
Where do you get the scratch from?
[removed]
The frosting looks suspiciously like tooth paste

Looks amazing tho
Very pretty!
Looks beautiful 
Oh man.  Anywhere I can find the cupcake recipe?
This looks amazing! I'll have to check it out next time I'm in SLC, thx!!
Need this!!!
But those are circles. 
This reminds me of iZombie..
Will you describe taste and texture?
Just cut around the prions
This looks delicious, how is it made?
Does it taste like chicken?
now I know that lamb brains are the size of a large lemon or small potato.
It'll make a turd. 

I've heard the term shit for brains but never thought about shitting brains.
Whoops! I broke the rules the first time and didn't add a tag. My bad! 

[Alton's recipe](http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/alton-brown/eggnog-recipe2.amp.html?client=safari) aka the best recipe. I'm on glass number 2. 
I am from Philly and that monstrosity is not a Philly Cheesesteak.


Oh man, I remember going to that fast food place when I visited L.A for a month (I'm from Norway). I had an oreo milkshake and it was the best milkshake I've ever had. I'm both sad and happy that we don't have this where I'm from
I imagine that your butt completely exploded 27 1/2 minutes after eating that combination of food. It would be a delicious feast though!
Oh this sub is for crappy fast food now? Hold on I've got a picture of my subway somewhere..,.
It looks like an albino hedgehog
Looks beautiful how was it? 
Wo genau ?
Sir those aren't poached eggs well atleast a bad attempt a good tip is get small bowl and use a small sheet of cling film to surround the interior of the bowl and obiviously allow the cling flim to hang outside the bowel. Add some olive oil crack your egg in the cling film then twist it at the end so you have a nice ball at the end then boil and done.
Please tell me you got that in Annandale.
꽃게탕이다!! 꺄악
How does one go about eating the crab? I've wanted to try this sort of thing but don't know how to approach the crustaceans 
Omg yes. 
Fuck to the yay! Looks epic 🐸
Yo, I got that exact same portable stove!
Recipe and cooking instructions? 
So I had this while stationed in SK. It was amazing and really one of the best seafood stews ever had. Every restaurant is slightly different, but the best one by the base I was stationed at had it so spicy that I would sweat so bad it felt good.
Omg those orange fat on that crabshell on the top one makes me drool
how much is it?
was this in korea? or a koreatown somewhere?
That's looking gooooood
Oh holyyyy shit that looks so good. 
Looks like the world's most difficult dish to consume, I pass. 
This honestly looks like some sort of alien dish in some sort of sci-fi game world like Mass Effect hahaha! However, I'd still totally munch down on this, looks crazy interesting.
Jesus I'm suddenly famished.
I miss doners so bad, a gyro is just not the same. Best ones in Germany that i found - & I tried A LOT of different ones - the Mannheim hauptbahnhoff & Omer's Doners in Darmstadt. I have gone back to visit just to eat at these places. Have yet to try a Donair, though I believe they're strictly Canadian..
Looks delicious 
That döner looks on point. Makes me miss Berlin. 
Where?
Delectable, although my southern ass would have to add bacon.
Holy crap so sweet!
Looks delicious. What are the yellow bits?

Agree with /u/Odyle, I think bacon would've gone nicely with it. Not for the memes, but for the contrasting tastes and to counter balance the sweetness. I know the pretzels are there, but I struggle when things are too sweet personally.
Are those beets on top?
X-post from /r/pizza. One thing I will change is the placement of the wood in the oven. I spread it all around the outside ring after it got going and it kept the entire oven hot. Next time I plan to push it to one side to have a little more control of temperature zones. I think this will cut down on the burnt crusts
Some awesome looking pizzas. Great job!
Soaked in Rum I hope 
To me that's just a normal sized pancake.
Oversized pancakes are the best
http://imgur.com/hbtwFQr
lol
Alton's is the closest I've gotten to perfect: http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/alton-brown/clam-chowder-recipe.html

If you use canned cherry neck clams you'll get a better chowder, just drain them, reserve the liquid and clean them, they're dirty bastards. I still haven't found a perfect recipe, but I'm a west coast boy. Also, no points, she was Italian and the only recipe for fish stew I could give you would not be what you're looking for. :(
Start by making a roux. (Melt some butter. Mix in flour. Stir as it cooks til golden colored.)
To cook your clams, rinse them very very well, and put them in a pot with some water. Cook them until they pop open. Then take them out of the shells. Save about a cup of the liquid used to cook them.
Add a few cups of whole milk once the roux is golden, and the liquid from the clams too. Stir and let cook until thick. Season with salt and pepper.
Sweat some onions, add some garlic and cook slightly, then add to the soup. Add some slightly undercooked potatoes in big chunks, and the clams. Let it cook together on a medium heat until it is hot and creamy and bubbly.
You can also add cooked bacon if you like that.

This recipe is straight from my GREAT grandmother.
Chinese buffet?
No chocolate. That's my kind of cannoli. 

Edit: Never mind, I see it now. I prefer candied citron in my filling. 
Very nice, What was the marinade?  Also it might be the lighting but that looks fairly pink for pork? 
That looks delicious but it looks like a loin not a tenderloin,  different cut.
Ecola Seafood? 
Crabbing is closed from Tillamook Bay to California because of diodic acid (spelling could be off). I'm sure Cannon Beach is safe though. 
Did you eat it warm or chilled? The reason I ask is that I used to travel for work and had never had Dungeness crab. I'd had plenty of snow crab and it was always served warm. 

So I'm in San Francisco at a pretty high-end restaurant and the first thing I see on the menu is dungeness crab, so I order it. I was surprised when it arrived cold but it was very delicious. 
Or what? 
I love these. In the summer my friend and I walked down to the pier about half a block away and throw down the traps. Had a feast almost daily of crab.
Nice! We were in Cannon Beach a few days ago. Love that area
This is making me hungry. 
Ecola Seafood! I love NWWP in Astoria as well.
Grew up crabbing in Netarts Bay every August. Such an awesome place
I've done that. I'm from Hawaii and love going out there to the coast every year. My wife and I love going to Kelly's Marina which I think is only a 40 min drive from Cannon beach, and renting a boat and catching crabs then eating it there with some good beer.
The crabby oyster in seaside is another good one. Also if you want awesome coffee check out seaside coffee house. 
My favorite crab by far. 
Hi
OR what?
That looks Tasty.
It really looks good 
Holy crap! Where is that from? Looks amazing!! 
all ya need is a cold glass of milk and we having a mouthgasm
He's a lucky man!! ;)
Recipe?
That looks fucking majestic.
Yum! What's on the inside?
You're awesome 
*drools*
Mouthwatering!!!!!!
:O sweet baby jesus yummm!
Sheeeee-ittttttttt
Mother of God. 
marry me
I'd be a side manhoe to whoever can make this 
Beautiful xD
this look pretty fantastic awesome
Cute! Please show after cooking. I might get some of these 
Has science gone too far?
What is the purpose of that waffle? 
We're going to need an after pic, chief.
Butterflied AND Butter-fied.
My brain was *desperately* trying to reconcile "butter-fied," "butter fried," and "butterflied" all at once.
This is how I make them. Just with a lot more butter and usually some cayenne.
Looks awesomely insane!!! 
Oo wee! These looks great, OP.
How long did you put them in the oven for and at what temp? 
Looks delicious, but damn, I got heartburn just by looking at that
A tomato sauce based salad recipe? I'd sure love to help, but that doesn't make much sense. More info? 
Are they porterhouse steaks? 
I take it you are not from socal.
Would eat
Could you describe the steps to make these? I've been wanting to make these for so long lol
Dip them in remoulade and yum
What the hey is a fried pickle when it's at home....
Try using pancake batter with paprika and garlic powder
I don't like pickles 😐
Wow, really well done.  
Potato quality picture 

What's inside , sorry don't know what's a napoleon cake 
Where is the carne? You say it's in there but I'm like where?
That looks delicious. How long did it take to make?
Ever since I started baking 3 years ago, I have been making my own birthday cake.  This is last years: http://i.imgur.com/lsRhy1J.jpg , and the year before: http://i.imgur.com/DSw0FVf.jpg 
Looks delicious 
This is insanely good. I don't know why you don't have more upvotes. 
It'll make a turd. 
Your puppy looks sad
~~God~~ Dog is watching.
Perfect for someone that's on a budget like myself, who is a college student. Thanks for sharing!
Dipped in gravy..... MMMMMM GRAVY 👉👌
Are you the cook at Downton Abbey?
Needs less LATTUCE
You shouldn't make a habit of eating lattuce
Smells good. Save me a heel!
You even put it on a proper cooling rack. Looks good. 
nice, I never tried this recipe 
I will one day
Recipe please!
Damn that's a lot of meat! Glad they didn't put it on a roof slate!
Recipe?? Me and my SO are trying to find a good recipe! 
I need that!!!
Unless you have a Tandoor at home, it's not naan
[deleted]
Just made typical homecooked version of the most popular dish eaten in my home state of Rajasthan, India.

It includes Daal(lentil stew), Baati(dough ball cooked on open fire and covered in ghee) and lahsun ki chutney(garlic chutney).

Open pit fire is fueled by cow dung cakes which is common in most rural households in India. Otherwise, a simple gravy based chuntey and stew.
Also, roasted some chillies in the fire-pit(Jagra) to an amazing charred taste.

Recipe is at the end of gallery.
Looks so good!! Do you happen to have a recipe to share?
I think the brownies are too cakey 
Omg these look delicious! 
They look a little off-colored.... probably tasted good though.
And the recipe please?! 
This looks like a muffin :P
Never had a souffle, however that looks very taste.
Recipe pls ?
Looks like a mug brownie. Is that white chocolate in the middle on top?
The soup/broth looks really nice. What are the vegetables you put inside of it?
I hate curry but this is a beautifully composed and exposed photo. Looks like fine dining. 
Could you please share the recipe?
Sounds yummy!
Quick run in to a grocery store and buy a carrot
Freshii
I like a booster juice now and then 
Grilled salads. Lettuce wrapped burgers. Always options.
Salad without sauce and meat(or crumb)
None
It really depends on the options available. Choose grilled or baked foods over fried foods, ask for dressing on the side for salads, and if you're craving a dessert or something sweet, a small ice cream cone is a better option than something like a Dairy Queen Blizzard.
Ooh, what flavors? They look beautiful!
Homemade!!!!! Looks awesome 
Are you adopting? 
Where did you get the gift boxes from? That is such a fantastic idea :)
A pallet? Am I reading this right? You need a pallet of chocolate covered pretzels. Where the hell am I supposed…what is this? A drum of grape jam? Is that like a drum like they ship oil in. Is that...look at this one. A desk of Cheez Its? A desk...where are you getting these units of measurement from?" 
2 15 and a half oz cans of whatever. 

It's 14 and 1/2 or 15 and 1/2

1 and 1/4 packet taco seasoning
It's poorly formatted, but they are indicating the size of the cans that you are supposed to buy. Two (15½-oz) cans of kidney beans, two (15½-oz) cans of pinto beans, one (15½-oz) can of niblet corn, etc.
Hello. I went to a friend's house and she made this, I really liked it so she sent me this photo. I don't understand these measurements, and neither did she. Can someone please explaine this to me?
Insane!!
2 lbs ground beef
2 cups chopped onions
2 cans (15 1/2oz) kidney beans
2 cans (15 1/2oz) pinto beans
1 can (15 1/2oz) niblet corn (drained)
1 can (14 1/2oz) Del Monte Mexican tomatoes
1 can (14 1/2oz) diced tomatoes
1 can (14 1/2oz) Del Monte tomatoes with Chilies
2 cans (4 1/2oz) Diced green chilies
1 small can black olives drained and sliced
1/2 cup green olives slice
1 package (1 oz) Hidden Valley Original Ranch dressing mix
1 package (1 1/4oz) taco seasoning mix
Corn chips
Sour cream
Grated cheese
It's just pure insanity 
I make similar soup but my recipe is a little simpler! Here you go :) http://www.cookingclassy.com/taco-soup/
Yeah, pretty simple. Looks like it was a del Monte recipe given that is the brand recommend. The amounts in oz are generally the amount of x in a can (look at a can of corn or tomato sauce....) 
So it's basically telling you how many of what size cans you need of each.
Forgive me-- is the gnocchi leftover or did you use leftover mashed potatoes to make the gnocchi? If so I'm super intrigued! Recipe?
Looks amazing! Do you have a recipe? I've always wanted to make my own gnocchi but have no idea where to start - other than with potatoes, obviously.
do you eat that and feel full?
Put some hash browns in there and it's a wrap.
This is so beautiful and looks so amazing I want to die
All that for one meal fuck doing the dishes if you live in Japan .
What was in the Onigiri?

I also want the recipe for said onigiri.

Heavenly.. I would so enjoy that. I love Japanese cuisine.
This was posted earlier by a guy whose girlfriend made it for him
When I lived in Japan for my youth exchange program, a frequent breakfast that I would have would be salmon and tamagoyaki, obviously with rice and miso soup. I miss the food every day of my life, it was all *so* *good.*
God I miss Japan. Having meals laid out so nicely was such a pleasure. 
That looks like an incredible meal!
I wish I could eat this everyday

I miss his kind of meal so much D: it's divine and look so neat.
Also, really Nice car bowl, it's so cute !
That looks so good, i am surprised you had the restraint to take the picture.
That miso looks like magic. 
[deleted]
that looks amazing
Yes please.  Whose cooking and when and where???
Wheres the other half of the sliced tomato #9???
I'll never understand how people can eat so much food. 
[deleted]
We had the family down to our farm yesterday (Friday) to indulge in some of the foods we produce on our homestead. This album details just about everything we ate, as well as how a lot of it was made. All of the animals were raised and processed on our property by myself and my wife. Most of the vegetables used were grown here, too. I didn't end up getting pictures of the pickles and condiments we made, but there wasn't a whole lot more that isn't pictured here.
looks ok
Time and place next year?
How's does a fucking cookie cake have 10x the likes that this has? The amount of work put into this one picture is amazing. Hopefully the local butcher is open.
Absolutely incredible!  Absolutely incredible!  Probably the most amazing (non- commercial kitchen) documentary on food I've ever seen.  I can't decide which was best, the mortadella or the head cheese.  You keep on doing it right!
I am more impressed with this than any food documentary I've seen. I remember your last post and the same thing happened this time: about 1/4 through the pics and I get blown away by the knowledge, skill, and work that goes into all of this... And then the pictures keep going and going and going. I'm in a bit of a rough patch and as weird as this might sound, you inspire me to live life to the fullest instead of spending half of it on the couch.
Genuinely curious - when you raise the animals, do you build any attachment to them that makes you feel sad about killing and eating them? 
(I'm a city boy who doesn't really know how this works)
Everything looks amazing. It's pretty incredible you put in so much work for just one meal. How many people did this feed? And can we get pics of your farm and kitchen?
I remember Sticks! I remember how excited you were for that prosciutto so I'm glad to see it turned out amazing. 
I remember sticks and the other pigs from your post last year! Glad to see the craftsmanship continue 
This post is amazing, the amount of love and effort you put into this is astounding. You can really feel the respect for the animal, using every part, the know how really transpires. Congratulations, and looking forward to more posts from you!
I know a lot of charcuterie boards show up here, but when all the ingredients are home made its some next level stuff.  The effort put in to raising, butchering and preparing all the animals must  be so rewarding. Really awesome! 


I reaaaally would love to try some of that duck pepperoni, dear lord that looks good!  Do you have a favorite?
This is the most impressive post I've seen in r/food and it only has 53 upvotes. I was about to unsubscribe from this sub because of all the garbage that gets posted here, and am glad I didn't or I wouldn't've ever seen this post. Thank you OP for restoring my faith
This looks amazing, and I love all the detail you went into along with the photos. Congratulations on one of the best things I've seen on r/food in ages!
Very cool. I am so jealous right now.
I'm so jealous right now 
PLEASE POST MORE IN THE FUTURE!  I loved this post. Sincerely the best I've seen on this sub. 
Thanks for sharing. Really amazing work, and to share the how to and detail with us is above and beyond. Thank you.
This is one of the best homemade posts I've ever seen on here. Amazing work using many parts of the animal and less tradtional animals as well.

I feel many don't appreciate this type of stuff, get freaked out by things like head cheese, which pisses me off. Love to see people like you who appreciate the entire animal and realize how good it is.
That's just amazing.
Amazing! This right here is the stuff this board should be made of. Fantastic job. You and your wife should be very proud. 

I want that prosciutto. 
That's great! Normally I dislike seeing charcuterie boards on here (got tired of them from the craze a few years ago) but knowing that this is quite literally farm to table is awesome. :) 
Thank you for sharing! I really appreciate your respect and care for your animals. I think a pig would be lucky to live on your farm. Kind of like those Wagyu cows. 
Not shitting on you OP, but if I see the word charcuterie one more fucking time on reddit....  
BTW, shit looks absolutely delicious.
I'm not even a fan of charcuterie and I always love your posts. Amazing!
This is amazing!!!!! Looks so good and all the work that went into it!!!
Send me your leftovers.    You never see this in the northeast.
I prefer table-to-farm charcuterie. Give em a taste of their own medicine, I always say
Is all of this a work in progress throughout the year?  Because if this was all in preparation for your one meal, whew.  It looks fantastic.  I was looking at your corn and leeks and wishing I had some land.  :D
This is amazing! Definitely inspires me to be more self-sustainable.  Bravo, OP!
i read the whole album and i'm starving.
What kind of knives do you have?

Really enjoyed looking through the pictures and reading the comments with them. Thank you
This makes me want to cook so much more. Amazing job! 
Amazing. I like people who care for the food they consume. It shows through in your talent as a cook and the fantastic presentation.
I hate to say- I exited from the post because of jealousy and hunger before I looked through it all.
Can you adopt me?
Woah
damn. should start selling. i would be buying.
I felt in love.
This is a truly incredible post. I love this so much. The effort involved in the creation of the food and even in the post itself is impressive. So beautiful, and I have no doubt it was all delicious. 
My jaw was literally hanging open the whole album.  Fantastic!  Send me some of that terrine, btw.  Do you ever make rillettes?  That's one of my favorite ways of preserving fowl.  (no farm, unfortunately).

Thanks so much for sharing!  
Lovely album, thank you for sharing. Really interesting, and every photo was beautifully taken and displayed.  

I can't believe how many things you grow on your farm! Are the vegetables just in a small hobby garden or do have multiple fields with multiple crops for sale?
This is all very impressive. It all looks fantastic.
Amazing. Tell me about what you did with the heart? It's a great organ meat, but I struggle with doing stuff with it effectively (beef heart, typically).
genuinely impressed at the consumption of the animal. kuddos
Would have loved to pair these delicious culinary bites with several of my home brews.  Beautiful.  👍🏻
I really appreciate the time you took to make this post. The descriptions you wrote were so informative and interesting. I learned a lot and got off to some food porn. Thanks!

edit: seriously, if you wrote a book, I'd buy it.
Can I be your friend? I'll fly all the way from Sydney next year.
Unbelievable. I want to uproot my family and bring them to work your land and learn everything you know. I am very impressed.

Totally serious about that first thing, by the way.
Looks awesome. Since you used Troegs, I feel like you are in PA. I also feel like year or two (or more) ago I saw someone post their butchering/meat curing shed from PA and it was pretty great. Perhaps you are the same one. Nice work.
we're not worthy
Very impressive OP. Thank you for sharing.
Fucking hell. Op want me to drown in my own saliva me think.
i want to buy this ;O;
just beautiful. At first I didn't catch the board is a swine. Is there a tail?
....Damson
I love this! The second plate on bottom looks a lot like some n'juda I had earlier. Have you ever tried to make that?
As a small child visiting my grandparents' working family farm we had meals that were pure farm to table.  I did not appreciate that until your post. Thank you. 
I'm somehow reminded of Hannibal
I hope you choked on your food and started hating meat. In that case, send it to me and I will expose of it properly.
was casually looking through porn, came across this thread.. still maintained an erection through all the pictures. 
This is the millionth damn post I've seen about "charcuterie" lately. What's the big deal? It's literally just cured meats on a tray. BFD.
I know you said plain... but go subtle and Greek with some coriander and honey! 
Okay -- I made this one for the first time last week (and I've never made a cheesecake) and it was divine. The base recipe should work fine for just a "plain cheesecake" though. The recipe instructions don't say when to add the heavy cream, so I added it on step #8 and it worked out fine. It is super dense and delicious though! Just stop at step #10 and go ahead and add to the crust then. I will say, I let mine cook for the 85, then turned off the oven and cracked the door for a full 30 minutes before I took it out. Hopefully this will work for you!! http://www.willcookforsmiles.com/2016/09/spider-web-cheesecake-white-chocolate-peanut-butter-cheesecake.html
A lot of effort but my favorite:
http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/alton-brown/sour-cream-cheesecake-recipe.html

Don't be put off by the sour cream, it really makes for a good cheesecake. I prefer an oreo crust, but it's still fantastic with gram cracker. Tips? Make sure you have a good spring form pan, and use a water bath (on the rack below) to help it set and keep it from cracking. Also, do not open the oven until the time is up.
Add some Mascarpone for a little bit of amazing
Check out Millie's if you come out west to Pittsburgh. 
Always interesting to see the difference in portion size across countries. I'm from the US and I feel that would be a kids meal here!
* For the Gnocchi followed [this](https://youtu.be/mOKBV-0Lts8)
* For the sauce followed [this](http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/tyler-florence/shrimp-scampi-with-linguini-recipe2.html)
I so need to make that 
Finally someone actually formed the pasta correctly.
Triple decker would be 4 slices of bread.  Not 3 like a standard double decker.
Toast that bread, my friend. Then you're clubbing. 
By the beard of Zeus...
Looks amazing. The club is the most perfect of all sandwiches.
usa on a plate.
It's beautiful....
Uh... you're just eating boiled water chestnuts? Usually we stir fry those things. They don't have much flavor themselves, so we add them as a crisp texture to something with sauce to accompany it. They also go good in soup noodles, especially those with a ton of various toppings in it.
[Related polandball](http://i.imgur.com/Fav0jMO.png)
Bara 14 upvotes? Dessa jänkare
I'm assuming some type of bread is involved. But I am not really able to make out the middle. Looks interesting though!
This är guld!
Det är inte bara en maträtt, utan en nationalskatt! 
It looks like one of those pictures from a vintage cookbook. Except I can make out most of the ingredients and I would totally eat it. 
Den ser moist och fin ut. Här kommer en upvote.
I love seafood, but I don't know what to make of this. Don't get me wrong I'll try it but it's description isn't very enticing.
Caviar or the top?
Smörgåstårta or smörgåstorta 
Do you hate your colon?
steak looks virtually raw inside though
That ain't cajun 
Like five pounds of meat and three waffle fries.
Am I the only one that hates sausages cooked like that? They're way too under for me
Where is this from though?
ever heard of the meat sweats?
Sounds great, looks meh.
/r/WeWantPlates 
Nice combination of food
Whats hanger steak?
What am i even doing with my life?
Get me some chicken and waffle fries for free!
That's like 3 meals....
Is this from a buffet, at an entrée choice?  Now that's some chow!  Chimichurri bottom left?  Can I ask what that cost?  The meal of the month!
That hanger looks amazing dude 
Good place.
Nice looking. What did you use for batter?
That is mouth watering...I keep going back to the picture. I have never been able to fry chicken. I need to add it to my bucket list 
And I see the cowardly lion!
y'all take pictures of food the way I take pictures of weed 
That looks so pretty.
I can feel the crunch.
Don't take this the wrong way, but I want to be inside of it, and it to be inside of me
Rested 45 min, was so tender and moist. 
Can we agree that this needs an NSFW tag, cause', Damn. 
Brisket done right! Nice smoke ring!! Mmmmm that looks tasty!!!
No. Where did you see that it was required?
I like it, just feels more organised and you can at least take some context from a post (where it's from, etc)
1. Find food you like to eat.
2. Make it from scratch.
3. Bring to work.
I would eat any thing at work, even if it looked so unappetizing at home. I just brought a whole peeled carrot one day and ate it. I don't want my stale bag of pretzel sticks at home, but I eat them at work. If I actually brought something good to work, like mixed nuts or pieces of gruyere, I would finish it by 10am. 

If you're looking for a meal, just make your dinner the night before and put some on your plate and some directly into your tupperware for the next day.
Good food. Nuts and dried fruit go a long way. Kinda expensive, but so good and healthy! The energy boost is insane.
Hummus with pita chips.
* Egg: 7/10
* Egg over Rice: 10/10
I made fried rice for dinner the other night, but I mix the egg in with the rice while it's frying to give it bulk and more flavor. Either way... YUM!
This is exactly the kind of thing id make

so nice

Delicious 
What is the deal with putting eggs on everything?  I don't get it please explain.
Made by my dear old mum for my 24th birthday :)
Sounds like Sum Dim gud
Dim Sum tasty looking cake you got there!
This looks delicious and adorable! :) 
Nice 👍
I had the yellow dim sum in the past and they are delicious. Happy Birthday!
That's one hell of a cake and Dim Sum!
That looks delicious and dim sum!
Damn, son.
I want one, recipe?
recipe please
you can post a "homemade" pic and not give us a recipe.  Have a heart!

Edit: if you look at ops posting history, recipe is there
Yum!  Homemade hostess fruit pies!
Nice job.
Sweet Jebus give us the recipe OP. 
Oh lordé, could I pretty please have your crepe recipe? They look so nice and fluffy!!! :)
Nice crepes, but I think when most people see that food is *with* other foods, they expect those foods to be incorporated into or onto the first food, not just hanging out in the background.
looks delicious but more nouveau than traditional
Looks wonderful 
wow that Bird looks good but the beer looks even better 
Here is the beer. It's a Honey Brown!

http://haliburtonhighlandsbrewing.ca/our-beer/

You should rearrange your pictures so the finished product is first. Looks fantastic!
Looks delicious
The plate looks manufactured. I can only give this effort a B-.
Is that really real food?!
Could you please explain Apple butter?
Wtf is 'apple butter'? 
Oooooooooooooooooooo
Could you share your apple butter recipe?
I thought that was scrapple and was therefore disappointed. 
it looks like it could contribute to an awesome bowel movement.

good work!
Them eggs looks fowl and burnt underneath 
[deleted]
You made it almost all by yourself. You are so much better than anything else. 
Those eggs look great. Really yellow
Gross
Wow!!! 
Pizza rolls and Doritos
Alcohol
Try watching sales for a turkey (if you're planning on making one) and freezing it.

Are there any "must haves" or favorites you already know you're going to be including?
Go for a standing rib roast.

That's always a good way to eat meat.
A nice joint of beef from the butchers, Roast potatoes in goose fat, sprouts done in bacon cubes and chestnuts, roast parsnips in goose fat, pigs in blankets, carrot and swede mash amd stuffing.

A ribeye roast to be more specific
Pizza and a cheese, veggie, and meat tray. Cut the pizza into bite sizes and serve everyone in buffet appetizer dinner style.  Invest the rest in decent wine and beer. 
A bunch of different fish
What's the recipe?
I thought it was sprinkles on mashed potatoes before I read it. 
Good job !! 
Looks like $2.50 worth of...
This looks incredible. Might I also suggest sprinkling a little zaatar or sumac. I love those on hummus!
Hummus is God's gift to hipsters, and Satan's gift to carrots
How on earth did you manage to eat *all that*??
I see 2 kinds of charcuterie.  Stuff like this shouldn't qualify as a charcuterie board.  
Is that black spotted disc some dragonfruit? Stuff's delicious.
Where is the charcuterie?
Are those giant cashews in the bottom left? Either way, good shit.
I like their Soppressata pizza.
YUM!!! Your leftovers look way better than my original meal. 
This would be perfect if you take away the cranberry sauce.  Is there gravy on this sandwich?  Tell me there is, even if it is a lie. 
8 oz cream cheese (softened)
1/4 cup confectionary sugar 
1 cup peanut butter 
Cream together about 4 mins 

12 oz heavy cream 
Whisk in separate bowl til stiff peaks form, then fold into cream cheese/PB mixture fill pie crust & chill for 3 hours or overnight before topping with whipped cream or ganache or just eating it

crust 
-2 cups chocolate graham crackers puréed into dust
 -1/4 cup brown sugar 
 -4oz of butter melted 
mix all together and bake 8 mins at 350F. Cool before filling! 
That looks magical.
Thank you for the recipe!!! It looks AMAZING! Nice job!
I'm so making this. Thanks for the recipe.
* Melt a couple of tablespoons of butter in a frying pan.  
* Add 1 sliced banana and 5 sliced dried figs (remove the stalks).  
* Add a tablespoon or 2 of brown sugar (I find the darker the better).  
* Stir it up a bit.  
* Sprinkle on cinnamon and stir again.  
* Move banana and figs to 1 side of the pan.  
* Add a sllice of bread to pan, soaking up any juices.  
* Turn bread and do other side. (I move the banana/fig to expose more juices).  
* Pile the banana and fig onto the bread.  
* Pour on some maple syrup.  
* Add a dollop of ice-cream and let it melt a bit.  
your peanut sauce looks VERY white 

what did you put in it ? blanched almonds ? 
Man, that looks so good. What is the white noodle like stuff? I've never actually seen that before.
Dolmades are my favorite. 
What is the dried fruit above the olives?
Damn. I needed this at my thanksgiving.
Where in this lovely state are you?
That's like a mozzarella string cheese with black seed
French fries (cooked)
Shredded cheese of choice
Pork
Sauce
Ranch drizzle
Chives
My version of BBQ loaded fries
I'm a big fan of pulled pork quesadillas. If the rub isn't too strong, you could also make Cubans out of it.
Nachos!
Make some nachos with that it would be delicious
You can cook some dried apricots until soft and mix them with your barbecue sauce. Now put all of that with some cheese between two slices of bread and make an amazing melt.
edit: you can just use any bbq sauce.
Taquitos or flautas. Over season them because they lose some frying.
Make some sweet potato and butternut soup, spiked with paprika and add pulled pork on top of it.
Can you explain that a little bit for me ?
The inside. http://imgur.com/bnsHoIR http://imgur.com/wEJy22T
What is torta di mele 
u should probably cook that stuff
Brown your meat and potatoes, so they taste like something. 
Omg I need to eat this!!!!! Please send the recipe !!!!!
Recipe please!!
Hubba, hubba! Homemade lemon meringue, now you're speaking my language! 
Delicious!!!! I need one in my life!!!!
Mmm i love Liberty. Which one did you go to? 
Did they forage for the wild arugula or is that a specific type of arugula instead of an adjective?
What makes Arugula wild?
Does the Napa come with a side of belittling attitude?
Looks like too much arugula for my taste.
I need one!!!!
bread is just soo good _/(ツ)\_


Looks good.
How many times to perfect it? 
Still working on a starter. Will not give up. 
I would use this bread to mop up the slops from my beef strog for sure.  Looks great.
if you're a novice in sourdough, don't insist on adding "starter". just use dry instant yeast and let it rice for 12 + hours in refrigiator and then shape it and let it rise again in room temp and then bake it. that's enough. comes out just as good. i don't get these obsession with 'starter' shit. 
Looks very nice. Tomorrow I'm baking my version of sourdough. And it's very different. I'll post a pic. 
You gotta crumb shot, friend? 
Sugar feeds the yeast. Salt halts it. Always add salt last. 
Talk about how flat she is.
filled with a turkey filled with a duck filled with...
Mmm I need to eat this!!!
No one has mentioned it here yet, so you're welcome. Challah makes the best French toast bread. Seriously, do it
Looks just like finnish pullapitko
Looks amazing! Shabbat Shalom!
Looks fantastic. Are you able to provide the recipe?-would love to give it a go!
Challah at your boy!
Beautiful 
Chala head chala
Gonna need the recipe please and thank you
Look amazing and yummyyy
Wow, great work. I tried making challah last month and it didn't end up nearly as good as yours
Beautiful!
Challah Murphy!
I'm a culinary student too (still in high school), this looks delicious and way more advanced than anything I can do. 
I would pour concrete in my eye sockets for some of that calamari!  >:D
Those shrimp look incredible, what's in that batter?
Well done!👍
Well done. 

Halfway through I thought this was leading to one of those "things I make when my wife is gone" posts and I was like damn OP is a harsh motherfucker.
Here's the recipe: https://www.chefiso.com/p/white-chocolate-eclairs-recipe/
Delicious, not deadly.
Very sexy 
Wow!
Excellent idea for decoration. I'm sure mine would be fit for "nailed it"
This belongs here r/mildlypenis
I have no idea how to make quinoa, and my husband is begging me to make, please tell how you made them.
You know what "seasoning" I would have added?

Meat.
I'm sure it's delicious, but my arteries are clenching just looking at it.
Hmm.. I didn't know fries and sour cream were typical of Thanksgiving.
REEEEEEEEE 
How did you make the ice cubes?
Those penguins are fucked.
This is adorable. One day I hope to get into cake baking like that. Just have to start ;)
That's dark man. Also adorable.  
Looks like Pingu themed cake. Great job!
Als has the best beef in the country. No...the universe. 
Damn. What's all in there?
Flakey af
Oooooh my favorite dessert. This reminded me when I first tried this 3 years ago in Turkey. This is gorgeous. Can you send me the recipe?
Looks great! Try it with pistachios next time, awesome!
What is it? It looks amazing.
Random story:

Living in Beijing for 4mth, back in 2005, I got a craving for Mexican food, and I didn't have access to a kitchen sooo.... I found two places, in the entirety of Beijing, that at least /claimed/  to serve Mexican. One I have blotted the name from memory, I ordered mole and got a fudge enchilada. The other, I'm pretty sure was in Wudaokou, and was basically terrible TexMex from a not-even-Texan... but damn did they have some good Tortilla Soup....

Odd recollections. 
I too would've eaten them all. 
I don't get it, but Europe has insane bakeries. 
[deleted]
Super good yogurt store.
Have you ever made your own yogurt? 
I can't tell you which stores would carry this (probably Whole Foods) but Siggi's plain yogurt is amazing. Incredibly creamy and stick-to-the-spoon thick. I use it as a savory side dish with garlic and dill, as a replacement for sour cream in Mexican dishes, on its own, topped with pomegranate and honey, the list goes on. 
I would love to help, but love in Egypt, and by the way here in Egypt they sell everywhere those creamy yogurts, there is no such thing as jelly yogurt.
Recipe: http://www.twopeasandtheirpod.com/homemade-soft-pretzel-bites/

Inspiration: https://www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/5ewfqg/homemade_sourdough_pretzel_bites_with_jalapeno/

Cheese dip has no recipe but is a basic roux with over 8 oz cheese using an aged cheddar, sharp white cheddar, and parmesan.
Join us, good sir or madam, at /r/KnightsOfPineapple
The presentation is beautiful, And I would kill for some of that Honey Chicken and Rice. >:DDDD
Recipe? Please 
Damn it's cooked perfectly!!!! What time should I come over for leftovers????
Oh man, I'm extremely jealous. I've been craving a rib roast & that looks perfect. Congratulations on a job well done, not well done, but well done...
is it delicious to eat?
Mind sharing your technique for cooking? Looks perfect.
Majestic AF.
Nice job.
Must of been awesome!!!!!
It's got basically everything I love. If you like sun-dried tomatoes you should add some next time - take it to the next level :) Now I'm hungry...
So hungry! I'd add a sunny side up to one of the breads
Take my up vote while my mouth waters.
recipe?
This looms so good! I want to eat this picture! Can I have the recipe for both?
Those look amazing!!!
#FoodPorn
Gimme a fuckin recipe or the kid gets it!
this looks fucking delicious 
I know how to pronounce it,  I ordered fucking Jalapeno
Jalapeno beer and cheese a.k.a the holy trifecta
Is the cheese supposed to be that watery looking? Don't know much about beer-cheese dips
These pretzels are making me thirsty !!
Sourdough and pretzel, you my friend are showing off.
I work at Auntie Annes, we had beer cheese and we had Jalapeño pretzel bites.  
Where is the recipe?
Recipe or link to similar? I need these in my life. 
Did someone say recipe? Me want recipe
I made some the other day. They tasted great but I couldn't get the brown top :(. Any tips?
Is this oven baked, I've done a pretty good fried version but haven't managed it in the oven, looks good!
Other countries have significantly more tomatoes
Fried pickle chips like this are delicious. Fried pickle spears are a formula for sadness and pain. They never seem to bite off cleanly and you wind up with a chin full of blazing hot pickle spear and a handful of empty breading.
Jesus.
Omg I need that 
Like baumkuchen with pastry dough, nice!
Looks good! I'd sub tomatoes for the bell peppers though. But whatever you like! Thanks for giving me ideas!
Double smoked BBQ bacon, Gruyere cheese, Jalapenos, Red onions, ACE rosemary bun
Looks delicious!  For the patty, did you season it with anything special?
Would like to see it cut in half
Seems kinda dry. Any sauce that goes with it?
Mmm looks delicious!!!
Looks amazing
What do you use for the "pork"? Also, how's the texture of said pork?
Vegan pork, interesting.
[deleted]
If you are curious about the recipe I can provide you the link to it via private message :) Or you can check it out on our channel on Youtube called The Tasty Vegan. I won't post the link here so it isn't considered spam. 
Vegan Pork? 
Vegan sweet and sour pork? How does that work? are there pigs made out of vegetable these days?

Vegans are against eating meat but apparently not against the idea of eating meat. Dude, if you have to pretend that you are eating meat to have a good meal, then you should just stop being a vegan.
you had me at Pumpkin Caramel... 
Looks great! Do you have the recipe handy, by chance?
How do you make that into little sausages?
RECIPE?

Gross. Way too much sugar for sweet potatoes.
Did they use a smoker?
Why do you cross hatch the bacon?  I find it much neater to run the same way but overlap? 
I approve this Turkey 
Bacon flannel is very fashionable
Looks great, follow up pic request, I don't suppose you got a picture of the inside after it was cut before everyone ate it??
Why would you want 30 year old cake?
Gratefully appreciated if would you share the recipe.
Eyyyyyffff 
cheesecake recipe was online...not sure which site but can obtain link if needed.

Candied almonds were water, sugar, cinnamon, and almonds boiled then reduced until liquid was out, spread on parchment and placed in low oven until dried and crisp. Will come out a little like brittle, so make sure they are separated on baking sheet. Whole almonds on top, fine ground almonds on side of cake.

Honey drizzle was about 1/2 c water, 1/2 cup wildflower honey, and a splash of torani vanilla syrup. Bring to boil then reduce til some liquid out. Cool in fridge. 

Florettes: slice bosc pear thin from bottom to top. Drizzle with lemon juice. Grease muffin tin with a little butter, then make a glue with some butter and honey drizzle on pears. Arrange like flower in tin and bake for 1/2 hour then cool in fridge. The glue didnt firm up on two, so she used four that retained shape. Dot with a cranberry. She regretted not having some mint leave for garnish, but overall was excellent.


I want to be her husband, too.
I would end up snapping my neck after how hard I would slam my face into that. 
Sooo READY YUM
Chicken feet? God soooooo good
I <3 chicken feet!
The green beans look interesting.
your asian americans were so preoccupied with whether they could do something, they didnt stop to think if they should.
Recipe:  
   

**Ingredients:**  
1 can of unsweetened coconut milk  
3 tbsp of red curry paste  
1 tbsp of fish sauce  
2 tbsp of sugar  
3 fresh basil leaves  
1/2 cup of Snow Pea pods
12-18 baby carrots  
1 small can of bamboo shoots  
1/2 lb of shrimp  
For spice, I used some Cayenne, but it didn't cut it, so I added in some habanero hot sauce. Make it as spicy as you want.
  
     

**Instructions:**  

* Cut carrots into spears (cut in half longwise, then cut each in half longwise again). Cut Bamboo shoots longwise to make spears (2-3 cuts). Cut Snow Peas in half if they're a bit large. Cut up Basil leaves into pieces (if you like basil, cut into bigger strips, if not, cut smaller)

* Put the coconut milk in your pan. Stir it a bit if it's separated to get it re-coagulated. Heat on medium until simmering.

* Add in curry paste. Stir until combined. Add in fish sauce/hot spices or sauce.

* Add in sugar in small bits while stirring. You can add in a little less if you don't like it too sweet.

* Add in carrots first. Simmer for a couple minutes. Add in broccoli if raw. Add in shrimp if raw. If both are cooked already, simmer carrots by themselves for 6 minutes. 

* Continue cooking until you reach a desired consistency (I reduced it a bit to make it a bit thicker). Add in Basil towards the end. Taste test every so often to see if it needs anything. Cooking longer just helps the flavor.

* Serve with steamed rice. 
Wow, that looks amazing! 

I had never heard of Ottolenghi's before; their website is now boomarked. Thanks!
Looks super delicious,  i need this!!
I read that as roast elephant. Relieved and disappointed in similar quantities that it's just tasty looking aubergine
Did you sub bulgur for the pomegranate seeds?
Basically, I used the carcass/turkey bones along with leftover scraps and herbs to make a really delicious bone broth, then doctored the bowl up with turkey meat and cranberry sauce!

Full post and recipe is here, if you're interested: http://theinsatiably.com/way-use-thanksgiving-leftovers-turkey-ramen-bone-broth/
Share recipe? :)
Really any twice baked mac n cheese is amazing to me.  That looks awesome.  I love shallow dishes because you get a great surface to mac ratio.
Looks awesome 
But then you become a disappointment when your significant other sees you naked.
What about 5 cheese?
Looks delish.  Bacon would make it more so.
This looks worthy of a NAM.
This looks great. Baked mac n cheese is one of my favorite dishes. Took me years to find a recipe I was happy with.
Nice non-stick dish you have there. 
[deleted]
Why is homemade in the title area twice. 
Anyone else notice that it's just pasta, with cheese melted onto it?
Nightmare to wash up I bet. 
That is one fine looking plate of pasta!
You know the routine...post recipe 
That is so sexy. Great pic, great looking dish.
Recipe? 
Hey Hardywood. RVA in the house. Their gingerbread stout is out now.
It looks delicious, but I would have to have something without the sweet added in. I have a toothache thinking about it. One thing to be thankful for is the ability to make yourself a good meal. It's astounding how many people would have no idea how to put together a meal if it isn't take out or frozen.
That squash is a thing of beauty. Well done OP!
looks yummy! hope you had that talenti gelato too! 
[deleted]
Fucking genius, OP.

Now send me one.
Recipe for the dough? 
This looks super yummy, I'm jealous!
- Uses leftovers
- "From scratch"

Hmmmm.

Just kidding man, looks great. What would you do differently next time?
Is that fresh sage I see? Well played
Looks delicious!
You're an inspiration OP. Thanks! http://i.imgur.com/uk7dCd9.jpg http://i.imgur.com/6M1CqND.jpg 
Cranberry sauce can die.
That's the only pic you're sharing?

Give us a cross section, dag nabit!
Mouthwatering!!!!
Recipe?
I never have had ceviche with tostadas and hot sauce. Is it good?
I love ceviche
I don't think it counts if you used krab.
Almost a burrito at that point haha. Where did you get it?
I can feelthe delicious grease exuding through my phone, 10/10.
>..amateur chicken..

so Egg alfredo??
But it delicious 
Beautiful 
Beautiful!!!
[deleted]
Why are leaves such a huge trend this year? 
Looks wonderful! What all do you have as your pie filling?
This is gorgeous!! Great job, I'm jealous! :)
That is beautiful.
Looks delicious and sounds perfect for making a good food pun
Brits call it eggs benedict too.
[removed]
Very pretty!
Looks really good
I find it very hard to believe this was your first time making it and the cake doesnt have a single crack. What witchcraft is this
The cheesecake looks amazing and I would love to try it. Cheesecake just might be the best part about Thanksgiving
looks so pretty! do you mind sharing the recipe? x.x 
OMG this looks awesome I love cheesecake and fruit 😊
Cheesecake is everything !! 
you my friend are doing it right on thanksgiving 
Yo them strawberries are a little uneven on the right side. You better get that shit out of here or I will smack you in the fucking mouth.
This is from a Whitetail deer my wife harvested in Wyoming. I have never prepared, or even tried this dish. I'm hooked. 
[deleted]
Wow great design - you must have a steady hand!
Stunning! 
Normally I just haphazardly ice jelly beans all over my gingerbread. Might try something more refined like this next time as it's so beautiful! 
Thanks! It's getting better. If I'm being totally honest this is round 2 for the season. I had done a similar design earlier but the patterns weren't quite as detailed (a finer tip for my icing really helped). I'm finding the more i do it, the easier it gets. 
Thanks for all the love. I'll try and post the finished product when it's done!
[finished product](https://imgur.com/gallery/UdIop) 
A Manchester egg is essentially a scotch egg but the egg is pickled and wrapped in a mix of black pudding and sausage meat before being coated in breadcrumbs and fried. Perfect with a beer! 
this is very near where i live! I can also recommend the chilli crackers 
I absolutely love the Pilcrow! The sandwiches they sell are supplied by [Pollen Bakery](http://pollenbakery.com/) and are probably the most delicious sandwiches I've ever tasted.
That's cool. 
Looks pretty good. 
This looks insanely amazing. I shall dream about it! 
[**TURKEY**](http://i.imgur.com/lLS4xae.jpg)

[**SPREAD**](http://i.imgur.com/8nTvuKp.jpg)

I probably messed up the whole title and/or where things go but you get the idea. I hope.

I'm new. Sorry.
Mmmm looks delicious 
Now I really want to make scones. I think I will now 
Recipe, or it didn't really happen. (Also collecting biscuit recipes)
Feta as garnish and extra saltiness.
I want this turkey. 
Turkey was brined in red wine, oranges, cinnamon, cloves, rosemary, and bay leaves (with salt and brown sugar), for 24hrs. Thursday morning it was placed into a aluminum baking pan with 2 Budweisers, and a stick of butter. Water was poured into the steaming pan (its a Weber) to increase humidity and shield from direct heat. It was basted every hour to hour and a half (between glasses of really good scotch). I kept the smoker at or around 235*F for 10 hours with lump charcoal and Oregon White Oak chips, that I shaved/chipped myself and soaked in beer the night before. When it was done, the breast was perfectly moist and the thigh meat fell apart. It was amazing, and I know what I'm doing next thanksgiving.

Edit: I forgot that I put garlic and ginger powder in the brine, as well. 
It's beautiful
Bake to 420 lmaooo
It looks... just like any other cooked turkey.
Wow your mcdonalds doesn't even remotely resemble American mcdonalds. Ours is so much worse. 
Get a to-go box for me, k? (With Fanta plz.)
If you go after midnight it's not much different. The packaging might be a step up but the presentation was more standard shit fare. 
Im wondering if this was at a mcdonalds in a touristy area?

I live just outside of seoul and visit often and my mcdonalds always resembles North American mcdonalds (paper wrapped, squished bun) haha.
This looks like it's from a super fancy restaurant... not a MCD. Super impressive.
These are fucking delicious. I need one now
When I was younger I ate one of those in one sitting while on vacation in Sedona and threw up on the sidewalk. 
People with thumbs that do that and elbows that hyper extend make me feel uncomfortable. 
Tomorrow's front page - 

[I ate] Deep fried half point Reese Cup.  



....brb buying deep fryer and half pound Reese cups.

Edit- pound* cause I'm an idiot and apparently scant proofread posts
How did you feel afterwards?
it is looking like a baby's shoe
How did you manage to focus on the wall behind you? And then look at it and not think to take another picture of it in focus
These are back?
I could see myself eating that when I was a kid, now I'd probably feel the high blood pressure halfway through.
"Reese's" - It spells it on the label for you
Now sleep.
Those are so damn good.  So soft and creamy in the middle with a nice outer shell. Ton of calories but best thing I've ate in a long time.  So worth it. 
Noice.
Looks amazing, but rice pilaf instead of fries? No can do.  
Cape Cod is my favorite place in the world!
Meh
Weak
Oh man, I love New England seafood restaurant rice pilaf. 
I'm wondering if anyone has a batter recipe close to it.  Those shrimp look delicious.  I've never tasted these, but I'm sure they are the best shrimp I've never had.
I personally prefer sir crickets because they have sweet potato fries and they're open all year round
You can't beat seafood off the cape! 
Looks delicious!
That does not look like a fisherman, OP. 
This isn't receiving nearly as much upvotes as it should. So you can have mine.
More like carbohydrate platter 
it looks really good.
What are they? Looks like a bunch of deep-fried stuff, so assuming it's tasty
They look great, but your oven definitely has a cold spot.
[I did too](http://imgur.com/dxFhor8)
Reciplease?
Pass the butter, pronto!
These look delicious! Yes recipe please. 
This looks excellent
Looks like the poo my dog had this morning 
I also find myself eating the Brezn from the blue truck especially when I am drunk and the sun is still up. The prices are quite high sadly but I hope you had a nice time in Salzburg :)
That sounds like a gross combination, chocolate and apple? 
You're right if my dogs shit looks like that then it should taste good right? Hold on let me try
Bachelor?
Sauce?
Chips?
Cheesus Christ!
I can eat one by myself! Looks delicious 
Euuuurghhhhh those look beautiful
Whoa. How much did you spend on cheese alone?
How many people are you intending to feed with that.
What ingredients makes your hash browns spicy?
If you want it to eat it on its own, cut it longitudinally into segments and sprinkle black salt or pepper. No need to take the skin off. Atleast that's how we eat it in the subcontinent.
Usually, with your mouth.... 
[deleted]
That looks revolting
Is that for human consumption?
Featuring poor lighting. This stuff is tasty, but it's SO annoying to eat. I'm guessing commercial marshmallow treats have additives to prevent a sticky mess and better texture.
/r/misleadingthumbnails spoiled hamburger meat. 

Bet it tastes good though. 
I tried this with boo berry alone and it looked the same. Thick and impossible. 
Made this with Oreo-Os for thanksgiving, the little pan was gone in less than 20sec.
This goes more on /r/cumtribute
"No this is just ectoplasm from the ghost. Did you see that ghost?"
that looks incredible
Jaffa cakes ? 
Yams
Yams, which is what some Americans call sweet potatoes. True yams are starchy, like regular potatoes. 
'Sweet potato'... oooh
I pretty sure it's Sweet potato 
Yams are sweet potatoes...
This looks delicious! 
Bravo! Them feets look perfect, quite a feat!
recipe? they look amazing
Nice! However, as a tile-setter, that yellow tile is driving me insane. 
I volunteer to taste test! 
Melt 2 tablespoons of butter in a pan


Add a cup of chopped onions


Add a cup of chopped carrots and peas
(I omitted peas since I'm not a fan)

Add a cup of mushrooms, sautée and season as needed


Add 3 cups of chopped leftover turkey


Add a half cup of chicken stock, let it absorb



Add a cup of your leftover gravy



Add a half a cup of heavy cream



Let it simmer and allow the liquids to reduce


Remove from heat and add to a greased casserole pan



Cover with mashed potatoes and shredded sharp cheddar



Broil until golden brown 

Recipe:

Waffle bread pudding 

8 waffle sections
1 3/4 cup milk
3 eggs
1/2 cup sugar
1 tsp vanilla extract 

Grease an 8"x8" pan.
Preheat your oven to 350 deg F.
Cut waffles into relatively bite-sized pieces and spread in the pan. 
Blend everything else together and pour over the waffle bits - try to make sure you cover everything relatively evenly.
Let stand for 5 or 10 minutes to let it all soak up.
Bake until the center is set and the edges start to brown and pull away from the sides. Depends on your oven, but plan on at least 20 to 25 minutes.

I used Eggo home style waffles for this one to save a bit of time, but any waffle will work (try it with maple-bacon waffles!).

I serve it warm or cold, it's delicious either way!

I am feeling it! What else is in there?
Yummy! May i know what ingredients are used to make this? I want to try this at my home.
What is the recipe? We wanna try this at home.
I prefer my potato salad to not be wet, though.
But did you put any shrimp in there?
Looks amazing 
I love that it says shrimp twice. Ain't foolin around!
Gotta have potato salad with gumbo. It's a must!
Nice detail
This item is mouth-watering. May i know recipe details of this item?
Pretty! 
Did Snow White give you leasons? that's beautiful
Some egg wash would have given that a nice golden color. Just a tip.
Nice work making the leaves look good after being baked!
I wasn't invited, even though I would have definitely shared.
That looks great!
Recipe?
Very nice, I love it! 
Beautiful!!
A good mix of professional and homemade looking! I bet it tasted as good as it looks.
[Apple pie](http://cdn.earthporm.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/creative-pie-ideas-crust-food-art-16__605.jpg)

Edit: Quality pie OP, keep up the good work.

 *Internet high five* 
Mmmmm. Just like warm apple pie.
And now you're going to cook it, right?
You need higher temp on your stove or longer bake. That dough looks undercooked.

Higher temp would be better.
 that looks amazing. we're friends now.
Looks great.
The dough is pretty pale, i hope it just looks a bit raw.
Another house divided by pepperoni. 50% cheer, 50% go for olives.
Fuck olives. 
Looks delicious love Arabic food!!!!
For Saturday night dinner. It wasn't that bad, and I'll admit that the pita bread was slightly charred.
Did someone say peanut butter?

In reality tho, pretzels work great with PB
I add peanut butter to oatmeal
Celery stick.  Apple slice.
Saltine crackers, pretzel chips, use a bar of chocolate as dipper, 

I second apples! 

Going to try PB in oatmeal tomorrow 
No you are not a special snowflake for liking peanut butter.
Definitely Sonic. It's sooooo good, it's funny how they have to call it "rainbow candy" due to copyright issues.
I thought I was in /r/unstirredpaint for a moment.
Sonics?
At Weenie hut Jr like whats nerdy about this?
Gross. 
Love nerds 
You know what, this looks like a galaxy from the distance. This is an amazing food art i should say because it looks delicious and creative.
Clearly this is just a sonic beverage and nothing special... shit post
This shit is foul
I bet it was delicious 
Upvote for King's Hawaiian Rolls!  I use it for most of my sandwiches (an unbroken pair of them makes a great hot dog roll).
I found you again Mr. J.

-Father Bear
"moistmaker" is the gravy-soaked slice of bread in the middle of the sandwich, not the sandwich name itself.
Eli5 the difference between hazelnut spread and nutella?
Wish you had taken a better picture so we could see how they look or maybe whats inside
You eat the stuff of dreams...
While scrolling through quickly this looked like chocolate lizards basking on doughnut rocks. 
I cant say specifically what the next "thing" might be, or even if i agree 100% with your premises ( because i havent seen it to the extent you may have), but if you are talking America, and how things develop here, it will be something pretty common in another culture but homogenized to meet the generic American "taste."  that is what chorizo symbolizes: a rather common ingredient, exotic enough, but then levelled-down to gain traction, popularity, and suitability for The American Palate. The same thing that Huy Fong did with Sriracha...so on that tip, i would venture something like "bang bang" variants ( which is basically sriracha and ranch dressing). 
I think lab grown meat is eventually going to not only be popular, but the norm. The meat industry as it is, combined with world population growth, is unsustainable. And there's already a growth in awareness of factory farm conditions and environmental impact. But at the same time people *want* meat. The whole world isn't about to go vegan. All it'll take is the funding.

More short-term:  Indian food. Sooner or later the US is gonna have the Indian food equivalent of Taco Bell or PF Changs. 

Even shorter term: it'll be a condiment like how Dijon mustard, Mexican salsa or Sriracha blew up. I'd put my money on something "molecular gastronomic."  Jarred spherical juices and vinegars. Or maybe a convenient off-the-shelf foamer.

Or maybe it'll just be pickled beans. 
Fermentation, pro and prebiotics and feeding your microbiome. I read [this] (http://www.theepochtimes.com/n3/1934126-the-next-food-fad-is-coming-feed-your-microbiome/) article a few months ago. Nestle and Danone are putting lots of money into microbiome research ...feed your gut!!!
Lettuce 
Recipe?
 It looks great

Give me strength..
Was it good?
RISE IS THE BEST PLACE TO EAT ON EARTH
Rise? Please be Rise.
Why **the fuck** would you put *''Fried chicken, mac & cheese, and bacon biscuit''* in a scone? That just sounds absolutely revolting.
Ingredients:

* 1/2 cup leftover poultry of choice, chopped into 1/4 inch cubes. 
* 4 eggs
* 3/4 cup milk
* 2 cups cubed bread
* 2 Tbsp butter
* 3/4 cup minced onion
* 1/2 cup diced tomato
* Salt, Pepper, poultry seasoning

Steps:

0. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Grease 4 mini loaf pans.

1. Melt butter over low-medium heat. Add onion and cook until translucent. Add a little bit of pepper, salt and poultry seasoning. 

2. Meanwhile, combine bread, tomatoes, and meat in a bowl. 

3. In another bowl, beat eggs with milk until mixed.

4. Combine onion butter with bread mixture. Stir and leave until cool. 

5. Combine milk mixture with bread mixture. Stir until combined. 

6. Evenly scoop into loaf pans. Bake for 15 minutes. 

7. Remove from pan, let cool and enjoy!

Why do I look at this stuff at 3 in the morning...

I want to see it's insides!! 
I am fatter just from looking at this. Not that I'm complaining...
How did you make the almond merengue?
Seriously I gasped a little. Nice cake!!
Holy...

This actually makes me a little sad, because I can't bake for shit, and then I see this and it makes me wanna cry, because 1, it's so goddamn beautiful, and 2, because I'll never be able to make something that awesome.
I feel like getting a ring and proposing to this cake. Make little cakebabies, and eat them.
That's beautiful! I wouldn't dare to eat that for two reasons:

1. It's too gorgeus to be eaten.

2. I would eat it all by myself and die of a sugar overdose.
Oh my lord
Oh man...do want!

Great job, OP!
Looks incredible!
/r/foodporn
Love to see steps or a recepie. Great looking cake. Hats off. 
Yummy
aww yummy 
I need this!! Amazing!!
Any photos of what the inside looks like?
Damn that looks good, I wanna jam a stick through the middle and walk around a campground eating it all.
Is that Guy Fieri? 

https://imgur.com/gallery/84N9f
Where that recipe at, my homie 
i agree with your meringue. you should name your meringue "an almond wave".
Ooooooooh!!!!! Yummmmmy! 
I need this in my life 
That looks inconvenient to eat, probably taste like heaven tho.

Nice work 
Beautiful, I love merengue cakes!
You cake looks like it's on fire.
Am I the only one who sees a fox at the bottom of the meringue?
Are we allowed to ask for recipes in this sub? 
I'd cut my foot off to eat this
Cross section pic or gtfo
I'm diabetic and just looking at this picture caused me to need my right foot amputated.  Enjoy your delicious cakes, non-diabetics.
Recipe....  Please....  I beg of you!! 
This is gorgeous! Excellent work.
It's.... so beautiful. *single tear*
Had me at S'mores then lost me at Almond Meringue (cause I'm allergic.) Looks delicious though!

10/10 would attempt to eat and possibly die because of it.
Thought it said [Homemade] S'toners cake first seeing this. Scrolled back to it eventually to refresh and just realized it said S'mores.

I was more than welcoming to the first title.
Am I the only one who feels like that back right piece of chocolate looks like the Tardis?
PLEASE share the recipe!! 😍😍😍
What a gorgeous mess! 
Things like this almost make me believe in God
http://www.thegunnysack.com/smores-cake/
My jaw is dropped 
The thumbnail of this looks like a cubist bust of Elvis.
Omg this is just faboulous!!!! Did you take a receipe some where or you just did this at the top of your head? I would very much like to try to do it if you would share the receipe :) awesome work !!!!  
Might be good, but the outside is horrendous 
*drool*
I just died and went into sweet diabetic heaven!
Dude, it's like 8:30 in the morning here, I had breakfast an hour ago and was fine. Now I'm not, want cake! Looks amazing!
Looks too good to eat
fck that is good
aaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!
I got diabetes just looking at it.
i need this incredible!
OMG,I feel so hungry!
So why did I look this...
Reminds me of something from Chuck Palahniuk's Damned series. Which is supposed to be a compliment :))
I think I just died from diabetes.  
Holy hell that looks delicious I want to make it! OP, is there a recipe you can give us?
That looks f'in incredible...
Good job on making your cake!  I totally like s'mores and chocolate on a cake! :)
What are they white layers made of? Looks unbelievable by the way!
Holy Centre of the Milky Way
I'm literally gonna die.
This is why I'm fat.
Looks better than sex ever does 

I'm  feeling pretty shitty atm and a slice of this looks like it would be marvelous. 
That looks amazing! I want it in my belly now!
OMFG 
I'm seriously drooling here. Nice work OP. 
looks like someone worked hard to made a cake, then you came with a bunch of s'omres and threw it on top.

looks great
That looks ridiculously good!
Shit like this should have a subreddit of its own. This isn't food.
Looks gorgeous! Do you happen to have the recipe to share it?
Oh my god just gimme
Yammy!
Holy crap I'm sick just looking at it.

As in sweets make me sick, not as in that doesn't look delicious. 
I need this, now
OMG... Its totally delicious. 
I'm sick of these Redditers trying to get that free, s'mores gold.
This reminded me that there's some leftover cake from thanksgiving dinner. I give you my thanks!

Edit: And sweet potato pie
daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Sweet
Oh WOW! Stunning! 

Did you use a recipe?
You can eat food anytime,
Wrong page to click when high. Bruh
Ohmuhgerd  
Even the day after thanksgiving that looks incredible!
This a very serious cake. Looks delicous and I bet it tastes delicious.
Dear god, get the fuck in my mouth
😱😩
Fuck me up
Where all these types of foods at at my Thanksgiving? Whenever I have to go to my relative's house, it's freakin' party trays from the grocery store and nasty crap.
Can I get the recipe? This looks absolutely amazing!
Damn. Sign me up for that.
Sauce?
Recipe?
[One Word](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/37/1e/14/371e143eb23a5abc70ce6406f9831d00.jpg)
Guy fieri 
Damn. And I thought the Altoid I just ate was a treat
/r/dbz
I love how the meringue doesn't cover the entire cake so that enough of the top of the s'mores part can be seen.
I want to stick my face directly into it.
Recipe?!
I feel like the far side of this cake would just be mouthfuls of icing
Omg this scrumptious cake looks so good , just look at the Hershey's, whipped cream, caramel, marvelous vanilla and the dark chocolate liquid that witall taste like the best thing you've ever had when you combine it!
*woah*
I need the recipe.
Omgomgomg there is now a hole inside my soul that can only be filled with this cake.
I want this inside me
argh my arteries!
If I know I am a weak person who almost is addicted to chocolate and cakes and everything sweet, why am I on this subreddit?
Feed Me
I shivered. Looks amazing.
That looks so fukin good.
recipe?
OP you are welcome at my house thanksgiving 2k17
My 4yo is currently crying hysterically because I showed her this picture and she literally grabbed my phone and threw it at her mouth to demonstrate how badly she wanted the cake. I can't stop laughing. I might not be a great parent...
that's not real
I'm speechless
Welcome to a 70s "keys" party..
Recipe: http://www.orsiskitchen.com/Recipe/Horseradish-ham-roll-in-jelly#/

My version is made with stuffed olive and homemade horseradish cream and decorated with eggs and carrot.
So it's is gelatin?  Can you explain to this American what it tasted like; I've never seen anything like this?
Very pretty! How does it taste? 
American here and I too am very confused about this. 
Looks good, but I never will understand why some people don´t mix the pasta with the sauce.
This is my favourite meal since early childhood.  My mother would make it several times a month and I now make it and eat it often.
Work on your presentation
Really nice work on the apples, but what happened to the crust there?
Textures, colors and shapes seem so perfect. I'm sure this would be the yummiest pot pies. I wish i could eat them.
What a great idea! You've inspired me to do the same with our leftovers :) 
Reminds me of something...
Martha Stewart would be so proud!
Very nice!
Why are all these fancy designed pies using the crust (worst part of a pie)?  Its like sure 'nice design' but now there is more crust, and a poorer crust to tasty pie filling ratio.  Why not make designs in the pumpkin?  Or instead of an additive crust application, do a subtractive design by removing crust in the shapes of leaves and various fall ornamentations.  

Nice looking pie, by the way.
Pretty, but the leaves kinda look like frogs. 
[Recipe, New York Times](http://cooking.nytimes.com/recipes/1017817-cranberry-curd-tart)
It looks great. Nice job. 
This loooks sooo yummy
Bookmarked. That color is amazing!
...and poorly sliced avocado?
Used to make this all the time, and after seeing this pic I don't know why I stopped.
If you look at the FAQ on the Corelle website they list their dish as safe up to 350 degrees with some disclaimers. Attachments are listed as being safe to 248(foot, handle???) which seems like a oddly specific temperature. So assuming your dishes are fairly standard Corelle I think you are fine. I would personally stay below 350 just to be safer. I like to purchase plates from a restaurant supply place because I know they will be quite durable. One thing to keep in mind for ceramic or glass items is thermal shock which is where you suddenly change the temperature like say take a 350 degree glass pan and drop some ice water onto it. That kind of thing can result in sudden cracking to the point that the pan falls apart or even flying glass(very bad). 
You run the risk of cracking it, and if it doesn't crack then there's either other effects or it's oven safe ceramic ware
Last dinner before inducing labor?
I will have to try this. I am vegetarian but love cheese so it will be nice to see if it tastes just the same.
Oof. I'll take mine with a scoop of vanilla ice cream, please. 
Moist
Smoke a bowl and it magically becomes a one person po boy. 
Where's the other three people's meals? 
You must be the same person that puts serving suggestions on frozen foods.
Needs more shrimp. Way too neat for a proper shrimp poboy. 
That's a normal hero?
I would try that. But I'm not sharing with the other 3 people.
It looks like your cat is sneaking up on it...
Any chance you're willing to share the recipe?
This is a normal sized 12 inch po'boy in New Orleans...I can get a 32" hot sausage po'boy at the gas station down the street for 8 bucks....
Recipe here:
http://honestlyyum.com/14928/hasselback-potato-gratin/
This is so beautiful. I can never get hasselbeck potatoes this thin without the tops of them burning.
Go Bucks!!!
This place is one of my favorite sushi spots!!! Go for happy hour (beginning and end of night) for half priced appetizers - like this one. The sauce alone is worth it!!







Looks good
Holy fuck that looks good
Where's the moist maker?
The best use of leftovers!
a bit of cheese in there and I'd be all over it
Damn, now that's how you use leftovers
Mmm- also great pics & step-by-step!
Recipe?
we need burger fuel worldwide.  since you're in NZ,  don't miss ferg burger in queenstown if you're going there.  and post a pic here..
I'm only moved to NZ a few months ago, How was it? Where did you go?
That looks delicious and scrumptious!
When someone makes Peroni with chocolate inside come get me
Recipe?
Not trying to shit on your pierogi parade, but the dough looks more empanada-ish. How did you cook it?
What's that bread called again?

Ciabatta burger = ciaburger
Smoked or flamed grilled for that authentic charcoal taste
What temp do you smoke it at? What temp do you cook it to? 
Goodness that looks delicious! The texture from the photo looks cakey? (which I love). The icing sugar is making me drool too.
Looks amazing! Recipe?
Looks cakey and moist!
[removed]
God I wish I could get whitebait here in America. Fond memories of the few times I've had it across the pond.
Oooooooh, like what? Minnows? Just curious
nice one !
why, just why lol
Did you have a favourite?
I am in love!! Where did you have this? Please tell. 
Delicious 
Beautiful looks awesome 
The colors! I could devour this for a meal/snack every day. Sake... my favorite.
I've never been one for traditional cinnamon Apple pie recipes,  this one is cinnamon free, rich and carmelly without being overly sweet.  Its surprisingly simple and relatively foolproof.

Also, in my personal opinion butter based pie crust is the way to go.  Every single time.

http://allrecipes.com/recipe/12682/apple-pie-by-grandma-ople/


very nice!!  I think your lattice is very well done.  It looks delicious and the carmel sauce looks heavenly!

Recipe [here](http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/alton-brown/baklava-recipe.html), definitely watch the Good Eats episode if you can.

Pistachios, blanched almonds and walnuts laid every 10 sheets of filo and spritzed with rose water 3 times for a total of 30 sheets of filo, and drizzled with an orange blossom honey syrup. 

[Bonus pics from our mediterranean-themed Thanksgiving feast](http://imgur.com/a/tSX1K)
Best one I've seen here lately. So damn flaky. Mmm
Failed miserably trying to make this. At least I recorded every mistake I made so I hope next time it comes out better 
:F
Is there a reason why so many baklawas are getting posted on this sub lately?
That looks so good 
Good Times
Recipe...pleaase
The reason I called this a failed attempt is because the pork are usually cut smaller in this dish. It's either my knife sucks or I don't know how to cut through pork skin, but I couldn't manage to cut it small enough before I got fed up with hanger
And radish. 
What is America's obsession with avocado?
Well, 2AM is technically the day after.  For me
What's in it?
Pozole has hominy.  Where is your hominy?  I make mine with pork and hominy and I usually make verde not red.  You shred cabbage and slice radishes thin for add ins, but you gotta have the hominy!
Its Delicious.....
Cranberry Apple pie I made today for our second Thanksgiving. Certainly not the prettiest crust ever, but it's perfectly flakey and so delicious. I'm on mobile now, but if anyone wants the recipe I can add it later on the PC.
Looks delicious! But how are cranberries? I've never had them before.

Well this seems a very creative and delicious item. By the way, where did you eat this?
Looks delicious I need this 
I need this in my life
I need this. I've been having an insatiable need for desserts as of this past month. This looks absolutely delicious right now.
Looks Phonomenal. I havent had goid pho in a couple years. I must remedy this.
crab stick...CRAB STICK.
If you enjoy sushi, there is a amazing restaurant just for that with many other things named San Su over in East Lansing. I would highly recommend the place. It's my favorite restaurant. 
Where is that from!!? I don't live too far :)
Jesus Christ that's an embarrassing chirashi. 
Pretty cheap ingredients used... Ebi, Kani, Tai... the salmon looks good, but only one piece of eel, surf clam, and tako... pretty lame! And the random lettuce leaf & cucumber slices are just for color. Disappointing chirashi bowl! But thanks for sharing -  still looks delicious!
how are there no drippings or anything in the pan?
I had never heard of spatchcocked turkey until a week or two ago. I was extremely intrigued. How did it turn out? Would you do it again or cook it the traditional method?  I need to know because I'm hosting thanksgiving at my house next year 
Tried it on the grill a couple of months ago.  Came out awesome!
Brandi's World Famous?
That doesn't look like Varsity's slaw dog, but is it?
Arghh, I'm so poor!
Would it be possible to get the recipes for the kale and bacon, cranberry slaw, and saugsage stuffing from you? Im cooking for a friendsgiving sunday, and that looks amazing! "Drool"
That looks fantastic!
Why are the egg yolks different colors? Are they different kinds of eggs?
Looks like SUPER fresh eggs based on the yolk. Gorgeous photo!
Oh! I can almost taste that delicious orange yolk egg!  I love those.  Great breakfast
Locked because of trolls
I've never heard of a biscuit board before... But now I have the urge to throw one together and watch hours of TV.
Yum! What's in the top right corner? More butter? Some sort of cheese spread? 
Hold on.  I'm gonna make some gravy and I'll be right over. 
If there's a heaven, this is what they serve. 
I wasn't very good at biscuits so I made then once or twice a weekend for a few months. Now I'm pretty good at it but I really did eat way too many biscuits in that period of time.
[removed]
OMW
That's one of the more pleasant things I've seen. Looks delicious op
No apple butter? For shame!
Uh, I never got the invite..  What the hell! 
That looks delicious, can I come to your house? 
[removed]
Be right there.  Save me some.  
Biscuit recipe pleaasseeeee 
Damn! It looks good. 
It's the simple things that can bring the greatest pleasures!
r/keto is jealous
Awesome idea
We simply must hang out more often!
Wow now this is what I'm talking about...
[removed]
Nicely done-looks delicious.   Well off to work I go.  Lol. Happy thanksgiving. 😊 
I'm watching the parade right now and I NEED these! Looks great!
Oh sweet savory Jesus that's the smartest thing I've seen all day.
[removed]
Looks so yummy. Can it be possible to make them without oven?
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
board board when?
I want to eat that right now, good job
Looks amazing!
recipe please

This is no food. This is art. So pretty! What filling did you use?
Would love a recipe! :)
Thanksgiving dinner is great and all, but it's how to use the leftovers that I most look forward to. Each year I make Kentucky Hot Browns: savory French toast topped with sliced turkey breast, grilled tomatoes, a Mornay sauce (made with white cheddar and parmesan), bacon, and chives. So so bad for you, but so so good.
That just seems like too much of the same texture :( but looks tasty!!
Does the rice crumble while eating it? 
Recipe?
How did you incorporate the caramel? :)
2 questions what type of caramel did you buy also how many cookies does the recipe yield in your estimation not the recipes 
Mmm I need one 
Hell yeah! 
So how do you make salted caramel for cookies? Always wondered. 
Jesus christ
I've never seen such chunky cookies!
Oh lord have mercy on my soul
Adding salt that contributes to the flavor of something so sweet makes me gag. Regardless, these still look delicious.
Wait, you are entering a chili cook-off, and you use taco seasoning?
I'd like to met those judges.  You've got a lot of sweet stuff and bacon added.  Maybe a good belt of tabasco/hot sauce for balance.  Freshly ground black pepper.  Also, some smoked or Hungarian paprika to make yours different than the competitors.  Good luck.
Need lots of cumin. 
are those pigs in a blanket in one of the pictures?
Wow, I want to try it. Do you literally just put the mashed potatoes in a waffle iron?
Mashed potato waffles are a thing? This is what it must feel like to find out god really does exist.
I had Mashed Potatoes at a restaurant and decided to try it at home. The recipe was phenomenal!!! I added more heavy cream and butter because I like mine a little more whipped. I also added sea salt and grinder pepper. I sautéed some shrimp with butter and red whine and added parsley and topped it on the garlic mashed potatoes. The picture was such a help. These are the best Mashed Potatoes ever!!! Thank you
That looks way creative, and way unappetizing.


Who wants all that stuff on top? This is a damn ham, not a piece of toast. It looks like a swamp on there.
Rum Ham?
Egg Roll wrappers stuffed with mashed potatoes, stuffing, and shredded turkey. Dipped in either gravy or cranberry sauce. 
[delicious](https://imgur.com/gallery/ykmy2) 
Brilliant. 
Recipe? It looks gorgeous! Are those long ribbons of veg, made with a peeler? What did it look like when you sliced it up?
That's crazy good! 
That's whatsup. 
Never heard of a veggie tart before
Now this is something new! I hope it is as tasty as it looks :)
you people are lucky 
Wow looks good and really good looking. How to give this look ? What is your secret ?:)
Did you put cheese in the layers and if so what kind? 
Gorgeous! I saw this on Pinterest a few years ago and made one. I was disappointed with mine (the taste - it was also pretty). How did yours taste and would you share your secret if it was delicious?
wow looks amazing. you can definitely see the hardwork you put into this. thx for sharing! 
Very creative! Wonderful!!
https://imgur.com/a/UDK9E

Had leftover pie crust. Made it. Will consume tomorrow at family dinner.
Does anyone else think that it looks like a bunch of fruit roll ups?
Really!, beautifully made
Looks sweet.
looks great and all, but is that a hair?
Dice pears.  Put in a sauce pan with sugar.  Pour in red wine.  Reduce.  Taste.  Add lemon if you want.
Chocolate sauce and orange sorbet
Brownieeeeeees!!!!!
Flourless chocolate cake and Chantilly cream to lighten it up :)
Why sprinkles?
I boil different kinds of beans and then freeze them for later
I don't know if this is what you're after - but I was bought a book called 'nosh for students'  and it's a real lifesaver 

- my go to meal is normally chilli con carne because it's simple and only uses one pot - you can find recipes for it anywhere 
Rice,
Sounds like you need more veggies. Canned might not taste great, but they're pretty cheap and better than nothing. Doctor them up with stuff like fresh garlic and onions which can be kept unrefridgerated and won't spoil quickly. 
Very gorgeous!
i'm too poor for duck
omg that looks soooooo gooood i love duck its so under used. In Canada here its pretty prevalent but lots of other places be missing out. gratz from toronto :)
DUCK Y U SO GOOD
