Version 3.6.0 of praw is outdated. Version 4.0.0 was released 1 day ago.
I met Bernie twice after speeches in Iowa and Wisconsin. At the second speech, he took a picture with my friend for her birthday. He was genuinely happy for her and wished her a happy birthday. 

He took 2 pieces of paper I handed him. I said, "I wrote this to explain about why I have been working for you Bernie...its about my family". He took it from me, put it in his suitcoat and said, "I will read this." I believe him. 

I had tried to post the essay here but it got deleted. It was about the need for universal healthcare...how any of us can lose *everything* at any moment because of one medical issue. This is what happened to my family. Bernie took 2 minutes out of his extremely busy life to read about my family's struggle, about the healthcare struggle most of us face. 

I am a Berniecrat forever. 
I'm not an American citizen so I was watching the primaries closely from afar. My favourite part of the campaign is witnessing a politician espousing what it is to be human in his demeanour and policies, and leading a movement based on his gut on what is right for the country. And then watching millions of people catch on to what his believes in a year after, setting them off in anger to change America. The establishment would like to think they have won and you have lost, and it ends there. But believe me, Bernie and his supporters (who have become a family) have won in so many ways. He's started a real revolution and put heart back into politics. And that will go on. 
His initial announcement of his presidency on a quick break from his day at the Senate when he says, "I haven't got a lot of time here." (or something like that) I had been sitting at my TV waiting for his announcement because I was soooo excited that he was going to run. I also loved how he was shooting hoops in the gym while waiting for results from some of the primaries. Finally, the little finch that landed on Bernie's podium and his response. But mostly, I'll remember that us fighting for him and him fighting for us will never leave my heart. Thanks you, Bernie and Jane. Thank you.  Signed, Not me... US!
Thank You Bernie. You inspired me and gave me a reason to care about our political process after 30 years of just voting how I was told. I am liberated and aware now, eyes wide open, and it would not have happened without your run. I was at two of your rallies, one in a large city, and one in our little town, when you came to talk with us in such a smaller setting. I brought my tween children and I am so happy that you were their first exposure to politics and governence. I will never lose my sense of outrage, that will keep me fighting, and I will never lose my sense of hope, that together, we can make a difference. Thank You, for every person you talked to, every rally, press appearance and meeting that you inspired others to see that they were a part of our government, too. I am proud of what has been accomplished, and what will continue to grow from your inspiration. Thank You, for my children's future.
It's difficult to pick a "best" moment when you've been following someone's career for over 20 years. I've been a fan of Bernie's since the early 90's when I first became interested in Single Payer/Medicare For All healthcare.  Bernie was the only one who believed that everyone had a right to a quality, affordable, publicly run, healthcare system. 99% of the people in the US thought it was a crazy idea...but not me - and definitely not Bernie. So, I guess you could say he had me at, "Medicare for All."

Thank you, Bernie...for helping everyone finally understand that healthcare is a right and not a privilege. Thank you for opening our eyes to so many injustices in our system, our government and in our lives. Most of all, thank you for helping empower us to action. 

When most people in their 70's are settling into a quiet retirement, you, Jane, and your family have given us your all. Your honesty, integrity, respect, kindness and humility has sparked and inspired generations of Americans. The legacy you'll leave is greater than any policy or Presidential library. Bernie, we are your legacy.

It's been an honor to volunteer and support you and our cause during the past seventeen months. I look forward to seeing you in "Our Revolution." 

...to be continued!

Picture I created after Tulsi's nomination speech: http://i.imgur.com/n8XYzK7.jpg

I am so proud of all the folks on the floor. 

I am so proud of all the volunteers. 

I am so proud of Weaver. 

I am so proud of all the mods and the digital team. 

I am humbled by the people of Vermont - Thank you for giving us Bernie. Thank you for showing us so much hope. 

I havent met any of you. Yet, I feel like I am not alone,  that I have a family that cares, about me, about our country. 

I was doing fine until I saw a young lady in tears, on the floor. What an image to remember this life experience. What an image to blame it on invisible onions. Politicians send and hide emails. Leaders bring people to tears when they speak. I am sure I am not the only one with lump in my throat and tear in my eye 

What an enormous privilege it is to be among such caring people. 

What a great campaign. 

What a great leader. 

What a great experience of a lifetime. 

It was heart breaking to see so many people with tears. Our people deserve better. Our country deserves better.

If you have not done so - do check out [this interview](http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/features/jane-sanders-why-bernie-voters-shouldnt-get-over-it-w431428) in Rolling Stone with Jane has been therapeutic for me.  

As far as Jane/Bernie - what a power couple. What an immense privilege to witness leaders who care. I think every generation witnesses their own leaders for their own time, I think this power couple is our times. I will never forgive the DNC for what they did to the Sanders campaign and indirectly to the American people.

BERNIE - THANK YOU FROM THE BOTTOM OF MY HEART.
Bernie has been a hero to me for years. I work in government and politics, and I really look up to him. I got to meet him and say hello when he came to my city!  I stood next to Jane during the speech and chatted with her.  

I'll never forget it. 
Bring back /r/BernieSanders someday.
We love you, Bernie. We love you like our own family. We love your authenticity, your decency, your tenacity, your willingness to lead by example. We loved your campaign and being a part of it. With your campaign ended, we now have nowhere left for that love to go and we are profoundly hurting and hoping there might be someone to champion your causes as you so emphatically did. 

However, no one else will ever be *you.* This country will never have a candidate like you again. We will never have a candidate with the combination of the following credentials: your thirty years of advocacy on righteous issues to authenticate your true positions, your independence from either Party, thus your freedom from their influence *and* your fundraising method; the only decent such method: from individuals one small donation at a time, such that you were beholden only to those individuals and not wealthy campaign contributors.

I offer [this](https://youtu.be/XSRUmRYrRLY) in remembrance of your campaign and may it ever remind us of the love we share with you. You have changed my life, Bernie Sanders. It has been a painful change; a pain caused by an increased awareness of things that I would rather be unaware of. However, that is truth. You spoke that truth to power, and thus I now know power and its influence over my life and the lives of everyone around the world. I hope that I might someday live up to a fraction of your greatness in challenging that power and play my role, however infinitesimally small, to make this a better world for all.
Best moment for me was going to a rally in Miami the night of the Michigan primary. Felt so encouraged by seeing Bernie and Tulsi, and I still do. Driving out of the parking garage that night I heard on tyt that he was winning in the early count. You couldn't hear over all the beeping horns of the Bernie supporters who were hearing the same info. 

Thank you Bernie. I will never be the same again and neither will the country...because of you. 

AND BY THE WAY this shit isn't over people. It's up to you to make sure our progress continues into the future. 
when, specifically,  are you planning to shut the sub down?  
  
**edit: Midnight tomorrow.  <3 you all.  "never lose your sense of outrage"**  
  
2nd edit: regarding the topic, early on I revealed that I had no debit card, and therefore no way to help us break 1 mil on ActBlue.  another Berner sent me a message with a $10 donation made in my name.  I can't begin to express my gratitude for such a gesture
Edit:  I forgot two!  1) At first the campaign seemed like a surreal online phenomenon.  I'm middle aged in a red state and knew no other supporters IRL at the time. I distinctly remember the moment when it became real: an early rally in CA (the first one I had seen), watching it on someone'e shitty periscope stream because no MSM was covering it.  I remember thinking Yes, my god,  this is real!

2) seeing the America Ad for the first time the morning it came out.  Wow. I watched it a million times.

I don't know why I'm putting myself through this (reading this thread), I've been crying (sentimental, not sad) on and off all week.  I had been a Bernie fan for years, knew him only as the senator from VT who did guest spots on some progressive show I used to catch years ago (maybe as far back as the Air America days?)  I always thought "too bad that guy isnt running for president" because I just liked the way he talked.  That is saying something because I was  republican at the time.  When I found out "that radio guy" was named Bernie Sanders and he was running for president?  Yes please!  I read an article that mentioned this sub, so I joined Reddit last summer just to be here and was initially suspicious  of all the hardheaded millennial energy (no offense).   I gave $100 to a stranger on this sub who was going to canvas in Iowa, which was very unlike my cynical self.  I was pretty sure it was a scam but then the kid I helped was in a picture on a front page story in AOL news or something about people traveling to canvass for Bernie.  That was awesome..  

All the epic obvious epic stuff has been covered so Ill add my own little joys.  Volunteering with great people locally in WV, and online.  So much cohesive energy and focus everywhere, I will be grieving the loss of that for a while.   It was amazing to connect with supporters all across the state recruiting people online to run for county delegate (most Bernie supporters were completely new to the process, had no idea about any of this but really came through!), attending the state convention and meeting those people IRL, then being so proud of those new friends watching them  represent us and Bernie in Philly this week.  Voting in our primary was way more of a rush than I expected and Bernie winning our primary in a Yuge way was awesome.  Michigan!!!    Volunteering on the Facebank team was great.  Little things that I will remember are Co-opting the Hillary hashtags (#ImSoEstablishment was a particularly memorable day, the BSDMS, Maddie's Dollar, "here comes Bernie" (still makes me laugh).  This last year and a half has been absolutely magic.  I miss the good old days when Bernie was a real possibility and Trump was just a joke.  sigh
Favorite memories of the campaign? Here goes...

PERSONAL:

1. Getting chased off someone's property by dogs while canvassing in rural NH. That was an adventure.

2. Canvassing in Deerfield, NH the day before the NH primary. After finishing the turf, I hung around and waited for my friends who weren't finished to return, and the atmosphere was amazing. The local HQ was a house/factory combo where the family made handmade shoes by traditional methods. Everything looked rustic and there were people milling about with just this great vibe. Low-key, everyone was tired, but you could feel the optimism and commitment in the air. It was a great time to reflect.

3. Canvassing East Boston on Super Tuesday. One of the people we contacted on our list was an eighteen-year-old girl who had forgotten having registered to vote. When we pointed out that she was listed as a registered Democrat, she hurried off to vote (for the first time!).

4. The rallies in Kenner, LA and Boston. Especially Kenner. It was a beautiful summer day in July, most people still didn't know who Bernie was but 5,000 people still showed up in suburban Louisiana for the rally.

EDIT: I still have the sign I took home from that rally (one of the ones with the white background from earlier in the campaign). It's still sitting on my desk and always will.

GENERAL:

1. The night of the Michigan primary. God, that was a nail-biter. They were virtually tied right out of the gate with the first returns and stayed that way pretty much all night. (And we were expected to get buried! We beat the polls by something like *25 points!*). Spent the entire night here on this sub and I've never enjoyed being on Reddit more.

2. Jeff Weaver's press conference when the DNC pulled access to voter records. Holy crap, was that fun. What could've been a time of worry or despair turned intense and energizing fast.

3. Coyote Girl 2016!!! To this day I wonder if she ever learned that she was briefly a celebrity on the Sanders sub.

4. Killer Mike! I discovered him because of the campaign. Loved the [Talking shop interview,](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCnrQZbqIQU) in which we were treated to Bernie saying "bomb shit."

5. The rallies, in general. The surreal experience of planning my rally-day evenings around listening to an old man give the same long-winded speech over and over, and still looking forward to it like it was a new episode of my favorite TV show.

EDIT: 6. How could I forget - the "America" ad!

There's probably more and I'm probably going to kick myself later when I remember something else, but that's off the top of my head.

It's been great being a part of this sub, and I'm glad you were all here with me.
Thank you Bernie for bringing single-payer universal health care to the national conversation as a registered nurse and a family nurse practitioner student. Thank you for mentioning fair trade, for standing up for native americans, addressing removing $$$ from politics, and chaining yourself to a black woman in protest of segregation. You gave a voice to a generation that will reverberate for many years to come. THANK YOU THANK YOU
Birdie Sanders was the most iconic moment of this campaign. I just watched that video again and teared up realizing that this run is really over.

Personal best moment was standing outside Key Arena for five hours in the pouring rain with two friends waiting to get in to hear Bernie give the same speech I'd seen him give a dozen times in videos. It was worth every second.

This campaign may be over, but the mission must continue. Fight for progressive values, vote progressives in down-ballot races, and keep fighting even after teh election is over.

The struggle continues.
As a German looking mostly at things from far away my favorite moments were fighting on the internet (:D) but actually it was the Michigan victory. That made me believe (like reeeeeeaaaally believe) in a victory. Second favorite moments were reading the live threads, all of them. A lot of good memories rading stuff here, allthough not posting much.

Amd that is why the sub should stay:

I see the reasoning that those who really do want to make a change will come over to r/political_revolution. But the average joe who wants to look up whats new, who has yet to become engaged in the process will lose the plattform that may eventually get him there.

Coming from a country where left movements always f*ck themselves over by becoming exclusive (usually in a different, more political standpoint way, though) you just take power from your movement away by taking away a platform known to the "casual political interested person".

This is why I really wish the mods here would reconsider and not close this sub. Give the moderation to someone else if you feel it is too much work to keep the Trump Trolls out. But don't take away your platform for "Casual" Political revolution supporters.

I have tons of moments that I will hold dear to my heart....the first debate...the live thread of the Iowa caucus, Bernie's victory speech in New Hampshire, going to vote on Super Tuesday, the landslide victories in WA, AK, and HI...and many others. I can't pick one. This has been a incredible journey.
Bernie, you're one in a million. Thank you for your consistent message in every rally. I'm hoping it's burned on the consciousness of every single person who listened and invested their time and their $27 bucks. I'm hoping you will continue to be a galvanizing force so that your message will move forward.
Favorite moments of the campaign?

* Supporting an honest politician that has spent his whole life fighting for the same issues. Bernie has always been progressive, American politics just now caught up to him.

* ["Where was he when I was trying to get healthcare?"](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3489825/Hillary-Clinton-blasted-asking-Bernie-Sanders-campaigned-health-care-93-94-picture-standing-right-emerges.html)

* [Birdie Sanders](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhezYYiTUm0)

* [#WhichHillary](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/brian-hanley/anti-hillary-clinton-hash_b_9322034.html)

* All of the debates that I watched when I should of been studying.

* Reading the articles that came out when he launched his campaign, and wondering if he would be another fringe candidate (he wasn't).

* Watching Hillary and her ~~CTR shills~~ totally not paid supporters have an aneurysm every time Bernie won a debate, polled well, won a primary.

Above everything else, it was finally being able to believe in a candidate. My friends, who've never given politics a passing thought for most of their lives, were for Bernie. We felt the bern because he brought the heat. Bernie lit a fire under this generation, and the main issues of our campaign will not go away. The voters who got burned this year will be voting age four years from now...and four years after that...and four years after that...etc. Progressives and Berniecrats will only become *more* common as we move forward, and that makes me smile. Bernie started the revolution, and it will continue long after our surrogate grandfather has passed.

Lose the battle, win the war.

Here's to [Bernie](http://images.hngn.com/data/images/full/119484/bernie-sanders-los-angeles-rally.png).
The Santa Monica election night rally was one of the most amazing nights of my life. There was so much energy in the room, everyone was so friendly towards one another. The race was essentially over but it was like for that night we were all family and had all been through so much together. We also got to confront the media a bit - that "CNN sucks" chant right to their cameras felt damn good.  When Bernie said he was taking it to the convention.... I hope I never forget that night.

Thank you Bernie for giving us all hope. For showing us that there are people in Washington who care about us, who are honest, and who will fight for us. Thank you for showing us that we have a voice and that when we put our minds to it, we can make a difference. So many of us were in no way involved in politics before this, but I don't think any of us will soon forget the lessons you have taught us. This campaign didn't end the way we wanted it to, but we came so close and are just beginning to discover our power. On to the Politcal Revolution. 
As an international volunteer, I've loved being able to be part of Bernie's revolution. No other political campaign has been quite as personally affecting. Having never been a political activist in my life, for this man I've phonebanked, Facebanked, encouraged others to do likewise, stayed up till the wee hours to watch every single primary, spread his message to friends on this side of the pond, and even made a Bernie video ([My Shot](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdIl90NCjFo)).

Although I'm looking forward to the next stage of the revolution, I have a feeling there'll still be a few surprises in the presidential race in the coming weeks and months.

I walk away from this sub with a greater understanding of the ongoing systemic corruption in US politics, the knowledge that a progressive movement is being built, and a bona fide political hero. For that, I thank you all.

 #ForeverSanders
Thank you, Bernie. After many years of being disgusted with politics and politicians, I got involved again because of you and your message. 

My best memory was taking my 14 year old daughter to see Bernie speak in Charlotte, NC. We got there early and stood right in front of the stage. I'm not sure who enjoyed it more, honestly. 

This is not necessarily a best memory, but something that has stayed with me since it happened. I was canvassing back in December in a very poor area of Rock Hill. Many of the houses were vacant, the population was transient, the roads were a mess and there was standing water everywhere from a recent storm. I remember trying to find a certain house and looking up and down the street only to realize I was standing in front of an empty lot full of trash and broken furniture, and then I saw the cement slab that the house must have stood on at one time. I probably had 45 houses on my list and only 2 people spoke to me. Some of these people were home but they weren't going to open their doors. One guy was standing outside his house smoking a joint and talking on his phone. I walked up to him and offered him a brochure, telling him Bernie was fighting for $15 minimum wage, healthcare for all and legalized marijuana. He looked surprised and took the brochure. But mostly I remember thinking that I should be demoralized at the poverty and the living conditions but I wasn't. All I could think was that these people had power, latent power. If they all marched down to city hall and demanded the city do something about the trash and huge, water-filled pot holes or called the local newspaper, they could get so much accomplished. But most people don't care because they have no reason to believe elected officials give a shit about them. So people don't get involved and they don't vote, and while it is regrettable it is understandable. This is why the political revolution must continue. I consider myself lucky to have been a part of Bernie's campaign and I will continue to fight for local progressive candidates.
Thank you, Bernie Sanders. It was a wonderful journey. It's not over. 

I'll never forget watching that little bird land on his podium in Oregon via livestream. His humility, kindness, and passion for humanity has inspired so much in me. I am eternally grateful.

Thank you to this wonderful subreddit. I'll miss this place. 
It strikes me that shutting down this sub because Hillary is the nominee, is a lot like shutting down a "Dont go to war" group because war is officially declared. Starting over from scratch is always harder.

Anyway... no one with authority is going to listen to me. 

Love you Berners. 

My favourite moment was when Bernie won New Hampshire by 22 points. For one glorious day the establishment's eyes widened in horror and they thought the game was over. That was the first day I believed it was all possible. It gave me so much hope for the world. 


I volunteered for the huge Los Angeles rally, just seeing people come into the arena in droves made me so happy. It was non stop, I couldn't believe so many people put up with Monday evening rush hour traffic smack in the middle of Los Angeles to hear Bernie speak, this is my favorite memory of the Political Revolution.  Thank you for all you do for us, Bernie.  Continue your good work in the Senate, it makes me feel good to know there's one guy in the Senate of the United States that truly cares for all of us.

Addendum: Thanks to all my fellow Bernie supporters here who stayed up until the wee hours of the morning waiting for the primary results from Washington,  Alaska,  and Hawaii. It was great to share that evening with you all, when Bernie won all three in a landslide.  It was like a S4P slumber party...thanks fellow Bernie supporters, keep your chins up, we have work to do to make this world a better place. Love to you all. Don't give up!
I can't really think of a specific moment that sticks out as a specific high point, really - there were a lot of them. I didn't volunteer, so I can't say that I ran into anyone in the course of doing that. (I stuck with financial contributions, really, an area that I was more comfortable doing.)

However, the big thing that sticks with me as a result of the campaign is what Bernie was able to do to *the entire field of politics*. A lot of us have been very, very cynical, having the belief that to get anywhere in politics, you have to lie, cheat, and sell out to the powers that be, and that as a result, we wouldn't get any good politicians. (I never bought Obama's "hope" and "change", for what it's worth, and never voted for him - voted for a fourth-party candidate in 2008 (while I was still in my libertarian phase, and I had voted for Ron Paul in the primary - yeah, I regret that on multiple levels), voted for Jill Stein in 2012.) Some of us outright believed that the best approach was to burn the whole system down, and try to rebuild in the aftermath, for that matter. (I'll admit that that approach hasn't completely left my views as a valid one, but it's no longer the *only* valid one for me.)

Bernie is living proof that a good politician, one who actually gives a damn about us, and is only beholden *to* us, could actually exist in this system. He's a candidate that didn't have to focus group the most palatable answer to an unexpected question, or bullshit one to get a reporter off his back - he could just deliver an honest answer that reflected his general views, because of the remarkable consistency in those views. He kept steering the campaign to the issues, not the horse race, because the issues are what actually matters. And, he kept his word many, many times in this campaign (even when we disagreed with that decision, and even if it was at the detriment of the campaign). He literally reinstilled faith in politics in me, and I suspect others, too.

Over the years, I've found that my personal politics have been moving further and further left, to the point where I'd identify my political views as more socialist than even Bernie - I do think that some of the means of production should actually be owned by the people, and I support policies such as universal basic income (which I actually think will be necessary in the coming age of automation - and I'm also for automation replacing tedious jobs, because human effort can be better used elsewhere). But, my political views, before this presidential election cycle, were off the scale insane to Americans. Bernie, however, managed to present socialism - a watered down version, sure, but still far more socialist than anything that had been seriously offered before - on the national stage, The result was that us socialists that had been silenced into choosing between a neoliberal who tosses us some civil rights cookies every now and then, and a fascist, suddenly had a voice, and it suddenly became apparent how numerous we really were. The Overton window got widened much further to the left, even as the Republican dumpster fire was widening it to the right.

And, finally, now we've seen that we're not insane for wanting an honest politician, we're not insane for wanting more socialist policies than the Democrats want to offer us... and it's alright that we're hungry for more. And, ultimately, this is how Bernie's revolution will continue on - now that we've gotten a taste of what we want, proof that what we want does exist, we know we can fight to get it, and where it doesn't exist, we can *make* it - the apparatus to do so is being established, both directly by Bernie, and by the many, many people who volunteered both inside and outside of his presidential campaign.

We won't lose our sense of outrage, and now, we have a way to use that outrage productively, if we choose to do so.

Thank you, Bernie Sanders, for being the politician that we needed.
Favorite moments: Michigan victory, Birdie Sanders, volunteering as a Text For Bernie-er, seeing him at a rally in my hometown, "HERE COMES BERNIE!!!", "whisper of a dream...", casting my vote for him on June 7, his speech on the night of June 7 saying he was still taking it to the Convention, watching his brother Larry cast his vote on behalf of Democrats Abroad. Good times, I'll never forget 'em.
Many people have already touched on my favorite moments; so I will talk about my favorite moment of the race. After a few tough losses and a few razor thin losses; Finally late march came. Sanders won 1 state...then 2...then 3.... finally 8 out of 9 primary/caucuses. I was living high for those weeks; dispelling the "electability" narrative. Heck, even the news had to get off of their pro-Clinton narrative and make a half inflated article about  Sanders string of wins.
Exactly last year when Bernie was surging in the polls coming from nothing. There was a video called Feel The Bern, and it was hopeful and the whole situation just made me cry. I was so happy to feel that we actually stood a chance, that I actually stood a chance and that someone was fighting for me. The bleak future didn't seem so bleak anymore, there was finally a glimpse of light, a glimpse of hope that things were going to get better for me. Being a poor Hispanic, who's entering college having worries about how I was going to live with no healthcare, it made me feel happy that Bernie actually stood a chance.
I heard Bernie speak in Raleigh, NC. My favorite moment was how he ended his speech saying "Love trumps hate." Such a simple formulation of the value that drives all of the policy goals he had laid out in the previous hour. 

His tireless energy, and the tireless energy of ALL OF YOU IN THIS SUB, were a huge inspiration to me. I called, I donated, I converted friends and relatives, I marched in Philly. Love really does trump hate and I love y'all. 
Thank you, Bernie! Thank you, Jane! I am 63 years old and feel reborn thanks to what Bernie has done for us ... all he and Jane sacrificed ... and all that all my new Bernie family has done over the last 17 months. My spouse and I are celebrating and pledging to continue the fight by mailing our forms to leave the Democratic Party today. Love to all! #DemExit
I'm a sentimental person, so I just want to say thanks. To everyone here. I've gotten to know many of you, and I will miss having our stomping grounds. 

Many people have opinions on how the sub evolved, how it was run, and how it's ending. Today, I'm not concerned with those things. Today, I'm remembering phonebanking competitions, late-nights chatting watching polls come in (DON'T FREAK OUT!), and most importantly, supporting and uplifting eachother when things got tough - **that's what I will remember**, and I hope you do too.

Our emotions run the gamut: Angry, sad, beaten...hopeful, inspired, motivated. Take time, outside of ALL the terrible news that's been thrown in our faces, to remember your fire. Don't let your burn go out. It may simmer, but don't ever lose your spark. *Don't lose your sense of outrage*.

I'm very proud to have put so much of my life and energy into this campaign, and honored to have done it with all of you.

-v&g

*"When millions of Americans stand together, there is nothing we can't achieve"*
I volunteered by phone banking NY. I was pounding the Streets in California. I kinda fell into helping a LOT with Bernies visit to Fresno, lol. Of all this I remember talking to a man named Jim in Brooklyn. It was a wrong number but we talked over 45 minutes and he was old. He told me Bernie had no chance and I said he will get the votes. He said doesn't matter the system is rigged. I told him I'd call him back when Bernie was nominated. I don't get to call him back. He was an amazing man... And he was right. I learned a hard lesson from a complete stranger on the other side of the country. If your chained from the start no matter how good you are you just never have a chance. #HillNo
I have to say I have always kept an eye on politics, but never was very active until I stumbled upon Bernie. 

I came to this sub almost a year ago and it transformed my view of our country, and of our Democracy. 

Bernie was truly a man of the people, and someone who honestly wanted to fight for us to have better lives. This man was what every politician should be, and will go down in history as someone who fought the establishment. Bernie and all of his hard work has touched me, and made me realize the fights we have to bring to really get this country to be the greatest it can.

All of the happenings in his campaign will remain with me forever. Birdie, his adverts and his events. The sheer amount of love and inspiration he brought forth from people. Seeing people crying at the DNC really shook me to the core. He is truly the best candidate we could have ever had, and money and corruption ruined our chance. 

We will never get another man like Bernie Sanders, and I truly wish he had been given his chance. The people wanted him, I was inspired by him, and those of us here will continue to fight Our Revolution for in his wake. Because he truly did spark a revolution, and it's one he's counting on us to continue.

I will never not see a picture of Birdie, or hear Simon and Garfunkel's America and not tear up. Hell, it brings tears to my eyes just writing this post. I truly feel a huge amount of emotion in that this is the last goodbye to his presidential campaign. 

But I will continue to fight and continue to spread his ideas and message. I will not let Bernie's spark die, and I will continue to be a Berniecrat forever. 

Thank you Senator Sanders for really fighting for us, and showing that we have the power to make the establishment quake. I hope we can make you proud.
I miss Bernie's rallies. I was so happy when his campaign finally came to California and there was basically a rally every weekend.  My boyfriend and I would drag ourselves awake in the early morning just to drive two hours and then stand in line for five hours just to be able to stand in front and get good pictures.  Granted, I found myself zoning out in the middle of the speech most of the time, and ended up trying really hard to stifle my yawns so nobody would see.  That didn't work all the time though, as I remember one time where I made eye contact with one of the secret service guys mid-yawn..  

But one of my more fond rally memories was when I was on a trip with my boyfriend and his family to New York at the end of June.  It was at the end of a long day and I was just in the hotel room browsing through this reddit, actually, when I saw a post about Bernie in New York. I clicked on the thread and it turned out that he was going to hold a rally, not more than a few minutes walk from where we were staying. Needless to say my boyfriend and I ditched his family for the day to go see Bernie one last time, one of my best memories from that trip. 

Nina Turner was there to introduce Bernie and she opened with this Theodore Roosevelt quote:

It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs, who comes short again and again, because there is no effort without error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to do the deeds; who knows great enthusiasms, the great devotions; who spends himself in a worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement, and who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat. 

It was such an emotional moment, since it was after the last of the primaries and we didn't do as well as we hoped, but hearing Nina apply Roosevelt's speech to Bernie just made things feel a little bit better and a little more hopeful.
The Washington Square Park rally. I was there and I will NEVER forget it. So much more than just a rally. A true coming together moment for the progressive movement.
My favorite memory was going to BerniePB.com and watching all of the lasers (including the ones from Europe) pew pew California until 7:58 pm.

So long and thanks for the laughs. :)
seeing that tireless old man with wild hair and waving arms yelling in a brooklyn accent:
###***"THIS CAAAMPAAAIGN IS ABOUT..."*** <3
Please... don't close this sub.... 

Please.
It's weird, cuz this sub and this campaign has been such a huge part of my life for the past five months. 

My favorite part has been meeting all the amazing people who have become active in politics because of this movement, and who continually inspire me to remain involved as well. They're the reason I'm not quitting after tonight. 
Thank you Bernie, and thank you to all the people I met here. I know it's kinda whatever and a lot of people will say something similar, but you are all wonderful and you made me very happy and have changed my life. ;) Gonna miss you and this sub~ And one more big thank you to Bernie. 
My favorite moment was going to the March for Bernie in Baltimore, MD. The energy was amazing and I met a lot of great people. I uploaded a bunch of videos here on Youtube:

https://www.youtube.com/user/whispersradio/

Watched a bit tonight and got me a bit nostalgic and sad over what could have been.




There are so many favorite moments of the campaign I could write a book. Being able to talk with thousands of people across the country was incredible, 2 conversations stand out now as symbolic: One was with a quick-talking passionate cab driver from queens ny who told me Bernie doesn't just have their votes, he has their hearts for life, their whole community was voting for him and is so thankful for him. 2nd was with a quiet thoughtful guy from Indiana, said politicians just lie and don't care about us the people, didn't know who Bernie was, and within 5 minutes he was committed to early vote the next day with his kid who he rarely got to spend time with. The rest of my favorite conversations are scrawled onto my pile of notes from phonebanking.

Other things: the NH win and 93% favorability there; the Michigan win; the bird on podium in Portland; getting to shake Bernie's hand at a rally last fall, tell him "thanks for running" and getting a huge smile with wildly-energized eyes back from him; and from the July 29 organizing meeting, being so amazed to see and hear a young guy in his 20s there so passionate and vocal about Bernie- I didn't know yet that Millennials would be joining us in the fight for Bernie.

I also want to say thanks to the posters on this sub, found it last summer and really appreciated you all here. You all were so funny and smart and good people, it was a great environment and news source about Bernie.  FeelTheBern.org was also great, I am so thankful to the people that made that.

Thank you Bernie, for being our umbrella, for voicing what so many of us throughout the country have been voicing for years, and for bringing all our different groups together, united.  You have given power to us the people, and that won't go away.  You and this campaign were life-changing for me. I will always consider you a hero, and a hero for running for president.
This sub was such a big part of my life for the last year plus. It was an honor and a privilege to  have worked on the revolution with you all. The struggle continues.
This entire campaign has been an amazing journey for me.  I've been a fan since around March 2015 (my Mom was actually the one who introduced me to your ideas; she had been following you for a while as the senator from one of the most progressive states).  I was so lucky to be able to attend the history-making July 2015 Los Angeles rally (along with my entire family and girlfriend who would never have come if it weren't for me). 

Bernie, you inspired me into actually being actively involved in politics.  I never really cared about politics before, and within a few months of knowing about you, I was calling random people in New York making sure they were registered as Democrats!

I have met tons of awesome people through volunteering, and brought in more volunteers as well.  I never thought I would be manning a Bernie Booth at my college, calling voters all across the country, watching all of the debates, debating people, donating to a political campaign (and I'm a broke college student!), or even proofreading political fliers if it wasn't for you.

I am still going to be actively involved in politics for as long as I live, and will do my best to help the Political Revolution live on.

Thank you, Bernie, for everything.  I sign off with which will forever be my favorite hashtags:

# #FeelTheBern  #Bernie2016

P.S.  Birdie Sanders and the [healthcare comments](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3489825/Hillary-Clinton-blasted-asking-Bernie-Sanders-campaigned-health-care-93-94-picture-standing-right-emerges.html) were pretty epic.  ;D

P.P.S.  So was the surprise victory in Michigan and the landslides in AK, ID, HI, and UT!
Thank you Senator Sanders. You are an inspiration. You've proven that one can retain their sense of morality and justice in the face of overwhelming corruption. You've given voice to the voiceless. Although I'm kinda pissed off at you for making care again :) 

This sub has been a huge part of my life for the last year +. I'm actually upset about this but c'est la vie. Please don't quit. Join /r/Political_Revolution and advance the cause further. We've just formed an army from many disparate groups and had our taste of battle. We didn't win but we did make a lot of ground. I would even argue we've gained a lot of potential allies so long as we continue to fight. One of the biggest lies people tell is that one person can't make a difference. And when we come together? We are a force to be reckoned with. Much love. Maybe some of you will run for office.
Well it's been a wild ride. I've been on here for a long time and been a mod for 1+ years. I know a lot of you aren't happy at the mods right now but remember all of us started out as part of the community. You guys have been amazing and I love all that we achieved when we stood together.

I remember being so inspired for Bernie I made the video [The President We Need](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C7L9V7oGRv8), and that launched me into modding this sub, then working on feelthebern.org, amongst many many other projects.

Bernie has been an inspiration to so many people, and not just Americans. I've been surprised by the number of people here in Australia that mention out of the blue how much they like Bernie. 

I truely believe Bernie was cheated out of the nomination by a rigged system, a corrupt DNC and a bias media. I hate so much that he didn't win, but I know Bernie's movement will live on in all of us.

Thank you Bernie, and thank you /r/SandersForPresident community. In the words of Bernie, Never lose your sense of outrage.
As a 21 y/o Belgian who has never been interested in politics listening to Bernie opened my eyes. I've looked at this subreddit daily and was truly blown away by your activism and enthusiasm. It was refreshing, joyful and sincere. I now feel like I've got a greater understanding about how politics work and what is wrong with it. (I know more about the US system than I know about the Belgian system lol)

Being so emotionally involved in the race and this subreddit and it's enthusiasm it felt awful when Bernie lost and endorsed Hillary. 

Still, I feel like Bernie's campaign ignited a fire in young people like myself which will have a great impact on how the political system will work. People will be more critical and hold the people in charge accountable. People will become more involved im the process and will change the system bottom up.

Keep the fire burning. Keep the revolution going. You guys are awesome.


Too lazy to retype but here are some of my favorite moments from this sub/Bernie's campaign. 

Thank you Bernie for showing me I am not alone in my beliefs, for teaching me they are worth fighting for. For setting an example of what it looks like to fight for something even when you are the minority opinion because its the right and moral thing to do. For restoring my faith in people... for showing me a future I believe in can be a realty if I keep standing up and speaking up.

I wanted to say thank you to this community for inspiring me to do more over the past year than I would have otherwise. This community gave me a voice and encouraged me to get involved, to step beyond my comfort zone.

As someone with pretty awful social anxiety, this year has been monumental and transformative. S4P helped encourage me to canvass and phonebank, which maybe doesn't seem like much, but for me it was yuuuge. I went from nearly crying and vomiting at my first door in Iowa to canvass training and taking out multiple packets in California. None of those things would have been possible had it not been the constant encouragement and love I witnessed here. I watched so many other people like me find a voice in this community, and then in their own communities. In turn, I have found a voice in my own and made friends from across the US volunteering.

This community constantly pushed me to do more. There were so many days I got home and thought oh I will phonebank tomorrow, but would then read a post about a 15-year-old making 100 calls, someone across the world phonebanking, or someone making calls for their very first time and feeling totally inspired. You guys pushed me to do more, to fight harder, to not give up.


This community helped me link up with a phonebanking accountability buddy when I was terrified to make calls and just getting started. This group helped me to match up with other Texans for a trip to Iowa. A trip planned 3 days in advance thanks to others who were posting about doing the same. A member of this community funded my trip to NY to canvas. This community is responsible for pushing me to call more, to canvass more. I came here to celebrate victories like MI and Western Saturday, and found hope here after some hard losses NY and OH.

While a lot of this can also be attributed to the conviction and leadership of Bernie, I don't know if I would have gone from a weekly donor to the person traveling across the US to knock on doors had it not been for this sub. Bernie brought us all together republicans democrats and independents. He showed me I wasnt alone in my beliefs. He set and example of what it looks like to fight for those convictions. This community loved and encouraged me until I overcame the fear to do it. 

I am sad the campaign has ended and will miss S4P but I remain inspired. I have and will continue to phonebank and donate to other progressive candidates. So thank you Bernie, and to all those I have met along the way. The trajectory of my life has been dramatically changed as a result of the past year, I am forever grateful.
The Birdy Sanders moment somehow stays with me. It was a moment where for a minute everything seemed like it was going to work out. It was a moment where it felt like we were blessed by the gods. The memes, the jokes, the joy. Michigan victory was pretty sweet too!
Thank you, Bernie.  I look forward to the revolution that you inspired and guided.
It is crazy how fast the time went. Really sad to see the sub go, it will be a huge blow to the movement. Thanks for all the work you all have done!
I came to see him speak in Dallas when he came here in late February; it was just an incredible atmosphere there.

My only regret is that aside from donating, which I did, I feel I could have done so much more to help the campaign.  Sad to see it end like this, but the experience witnessing this entire Primary season has been exhilarating with its ups and downs. 

Now my, and all of our jobs going forward is to look for ways to advance his agenda at all levels of government starting from the bottom up, and never forget the experience of this campaign.
I don't post here very often, but I just wanted to share some thoughts on my favorite presidential candidate--EVER. And I've been voting since 1988!

Bernie first appeared on my horizon when he launched his 8-hr filibuster against the extension of the Bush tax cuts. If I remember correctly, he was one of the few, in addition to Alan Grayson, who spoke out against it. I also remember that he was one of the senators to reduce the scale of cuts to food and energy assistance in the Northeast in 2011-2. I recall thinking that I was going to write him in for the 2012 election given my profound disappointment with Obama. 

So you can imagine how overjoyed I was when he announced his candidacy last year. Finally! I was thrilled to see so many people, especially supposedly apathetic millennials, getting fired up over this seemingly, cranky old man. Yet, how could they not? He's about sincere as any politician can be, if not much more so, and committed to our people. Killer Mike spoke truly when he said that Bernie is a one-issue candidate--and that issue is the American people. For much of 2015 and 16, I was excited: Bernie really could be our next president. After all, there was no way Bernie, with tens of thousands of people attending his rallies could possibly lose to dull, prosaic Hillary....right? I was even fired up enough to write an article on Bernie and Thomas Paine on the occasion of the latter's 279th birthday (see LA Progressive, "Modern Prometheus: Thomas Paine and his new American revolution") while writing, promoting, and battling for Bernie against Trumpsters and Hill-bullies on LinkedIn.  (I like to joke that I should have applied for a job as a Bernietroll, LOL!)

Of course, we know what happened. The loss of New York suggested to me that only a miracle could save his candidacy then. Yet, I continued to hope. Maybe he would win CA? Maybe Hillary would tap him as VP? None of these things came to fruition of course. And only time will tell if Hillary will actually implement any of his objectives. 

There were lots of other things I could have been doing at this time. I could have spent more time working on my textbook while teaching. Or researching my next book and writing up new book proposal. 

And yet, writing for Bernie--even unacknowledged--and connecting with other Bernie fans was more than worth it. It was even helpful for my own book: particularly learning first-hand that we have NOT advanced much since the 18th century. Electoral politics are still largely determined by the wealthy. They are still the ones who select the candidates to be elected and the legislation that passes. Note that we are just learning that many wealthy donors wanted the DNC to sabotage Bernie's candidacy.) And even though we don't have a hereditary peerage and government like that of 18th c. Britain, many of the forces are still intact. The wealthiest pay the fewest taxes and social mobility is largely determined by our families. Sucks, huh?  The things change, the more they stay the same.

But on the same token, let's not forget our legacy of change. Change does happen--against all odds. We won a war against the mightiest empire in the world in 1782, despite the fact that most American colonists opposed independence! We finally abolished slavery in 1865 against all expectation. And women won the right to vote in 1920. Remember, history is on our side--the progressive side! 

I hope all of us can continue Bernie's great revolution. It's not just about him,--as he says. Nor is it about our Founding Fathers, the abolitionists, the suffragettes, the labor activists...it is about all of us. And remember that revolutions do not happen in a snap. The American revolution took some 15 years to foment--and the French some 20 years. So I thank everyone here, Bernie, and all those who have phonebanked, canvassed, blogged, posted....WE are ALL part of the revolution. Let's not be discouraged--whether or not the next president is Trump or Hillary.   


Of the campaign...def when he said something to the effect of "Wall street thinks I'm dangerous, well I AM DANGEROUS" during a debate.

Loved it.
Thanks for everything, you guys! I will sincerely miss this campaign and community.

One for the road: here's my picture voting in the VA state primary on Super Tuesday. http://imgur.com/WXt2B1p

[See y'all on the flip side.](http://imgur.com/LS4xyfk)
I really don't know what to say right now, it's hard for me to find the right words.


I was never very active in politics..... but, because of Bernie, I got swept up, like all of you, in this movement (at 40yo). I phonebanked, I canvassed, I did everything (and I'm the laziest person you could ever know). And, while I live in Philadelphia, this month I am out of the country, so I was unable to be there for this final moment, with much, much regret. I saw all the despondence on this sub when Bernie endorsed, even while I'm abroad now, and it's much harder to follow what's going on... And I gotta say, I saw the endorsement and I was ok... I was able to pick myself up the next day, and continue on. Bernie did what he had to do, in the position he was in, and I understand that. And I, as a voter, will do what I feel that I must do, in the position that I am in.


**BUT** - Hearing that this sub is closing. This has brought more tears to my eyes than anything that has happened up until now. I just don't have the right words. I've been trying to get to a computer all night, where I am, so I can say goodbye to all of you, before midnight. The people in this sub, and their energy, changed my life... I don't know how else to say it, and I can't think of a better way to write it before it's too late. Thank you, all of you.


The struggle continues.
Feels like we are all on the titanic and we're the violinists waiting to crash into the water to sink and die...its been in honor you guys.
It's been a blast. I enjoyed checking up on this sub daily, participating in mega threads here and there, and simply reading comments and knowing I wasn't alone throughout all the highs and lows of the campaign. I sincerely wish everyone here the best in wherever life takes you. I hope throughout your journeys you'll stay involved in Bernie's movement in some way. Keep that fire alive inside and never let it burn out.

Bernie, I can't thank you enough for waking me and so, so many other people up. I'll never forget this time in my life. You're my hero. 

I plan on sending a handwritten thank you letter to Bernie. Anyone know the best address to send something like this to? His Burlington office?
THANK YOU AND GOOD NIGHT! SEE YOU SOON!
I'll see you guys for Tulsi 2020 :) Been a great ride! 
Hey Bernie. Thanks for motivating progressive voices in a new generation and fighting it out in a corrupt system. 

Through it all, my biggest take from this is that I care about pushing progressive policy and I am more educated about the Democratic party's corruption and politics in general.

You were the first presidential candidate with a platform I could support and a  good shot at winning in my lifetime. 

The DNC's treatment of you and your supporters have lead me to believe they will not honor any of the compromise you fought for, unfortunately. But I like the platform, I liked the kinds of changes you proposed, and am voting Green due to similarities without the corruption. 

Take care and fight hard for progressive goals in the senate as an independent.
He made me believe that in this crazy, money-grabbing, warmongering world an Ethical Politician is not an oxymoron. 
And so much more.
Seeing Bernie speak in Washington Square Park, NYC was an incredible experience. Never in my life have I met such wonderful people who came together for the future of our country.  I've made some lifelong friends at canvassing meetups and marches. This feeling will always stick with me. If we come together we can beat the odds and prove that the people matter! 
Thank you Bernie. I saw you speak 4 times and each was an amazing experience. You have inspired me to get involved and I look forward to continuing this revolution with you and everyone else.

Feel a little empty right now. This sub and the campaign have been a yuuuge part of my life the past 15 months and it's sad to see it end, however, I'm excited for the future and the progress we will achieve together. 
Wanted to post before s4p closes.... Thank you all for the hard work.  One thing is for sure...Bernie helped me and many others find our political stance , what to fight for and unmask those who claim the higher moral ground.  Until next time! 
[deleted]
I goto this sub multiple times every day. Just want to say I will miss it a ton and I know that this is just the beginning of some real change! Thanks for fighting for all of us, Bernie! Goodbye S4P!
[removed]
Thanks for everything Bernie. It's been real.
It's been a great year. I've made so many new friends canvassing, phonebanking, and hosting debate watch parties. I've had the chance to connect with so many passionate and energized fellow activists, whether it was just for a day going out in the streets encouraging people to go vote, or talking and organizing online over the entire campaign season. It's been great talking politics with all of the intelligent people I've met and people I've already known. Won't ever forget this historic campaign I've had the opportunity to be apart of :)
Thank you Bernie. Thank you Berners. This has been an incredible journey and I look forward to continuing the revolution with you all. 
As someone that hosted an event 1 year ago with over 200 attendees, in remembrance of one of the most stressful day of my life, I would like to immensely think everyone involved in the social media campaigned that will forever change our political landscape. We became a force and we should be proud of what we accomplished. I want to think the mod team, the early supporters (December 2013 for me), and all that joined and contributed along the way. Everyone was amazing and I hope that many are inspired by this movement and get involved with local, state, and federal elections, run for office, and have your voice heard. 

Once, again, thank all of you and it's been a pleasure. 
**[When Dani told me that I was still a feminist even though I didn't support Hillary](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/3mibs1/im_a_woman_voting_for_bernie_sanders_this_is_how/)**
Bernie changed my view of politics, and he gave me hope in so many ways. Seeing the kind of support he got, the passion, the love, the joy.... It's pretty easy to see a lot of darkness in the world, and he brought out in people something that really gives me hope for human kind (I always think of [this](https://youtu.be/1L_UKv19P9E) video in particular, the second half with the Bernie rallies). He gave me hope that there's honest politicians out there, people who actually care about *us*, and not just the money. He gave me hope that there's a real chance to make a difference. Despite everything that happened, everything that he fought against, he was able to come so far. To see what kind of progress he made when he had *everything* against him, it's damn inspiring. 

Whenever people used to ask me who I looked up to, or who I'd love to meet if I had the chance, or "if you could have dinner with one person, past or present, who would it be?" I never had an answer. Now I have an answer. Thank you, Bernie Sanders! 
There's a movement right now to get Bernie on the freaking ballots in New Jersey, Colorado , Rhode Island, Vermont, and Wisconsin!!! We're trying to make a statement! We need signatures and it doesnt require the candidates permission! So no Hillary goaltending :D

New Jersey 800 signatures needed by 8/1/2016

Colorado 5000 signatures needed by 8/10/2016

Rhode Island (Big opportunity!) 1000 signatures by 9/9/2016

Vermont 1000 signatures needed by 8/1/2016

Wisconsin 2000 signatures needed by 8/2/2016 
Going to a rally in April for the NY primary. Got there, saw the line and assumed there was no way I was getting in. Ended up getting in and it was a great experience. So much energy. 

The other would be back last August when I was driving through the overly-Republican southern tier of the state and noticed there was a good amount (for the time) of Bernie stickers on vehicles in such a Republican area. It was then I knew we had a shot. 
My favorite memory was when he was on SNL and Larry David parodied him.  Also vacuum pennies.
Personally, I enjoyed the WA Caucus where I gave a speech to my precinct & became a delegate & then to see the results came in at 73% Bernie for the state (and winning every county).

Another favorite was not getting into a rally. Showed up 3 hours early. Still got to see him in an unexpected overflow crowd. The Seattle crowd was a turning point moment for Bernie because many of us were down after a string of Red State wins for Hillary. https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4b9drs/seattle_bernie_rally_line_closed_down_3hours/
Thank you everyone! We accomplished a lot! This was the first candidate I gave money to and believed was a great choice instead of best of the worst.

Thanks again. I'll remember this year forever and tell my kids!
Seeing the first posts of him riding a train, plane or walking, that was just eye opening to me. Holy shit, this guy is just a normal guy. Couple that with finding out about his income levels.

The goosebump moment for me was seeing him talk to thousands of people in some of his first big rallies. His message wasn't about him, it was about America. His message wasn't how he wanted this or that, it was about basic rights we should have.

Bernie gave us a glimmer of real hope. I wish we had social media 8 or 10 or 15 years ago and he would have won any of those election.  :(
Haha wow, I have tears reading this.  I really am sad that Bernie didn't become the nominee. I obviously know that this revolution goes beyond him becoming the president but I can't help but be sad. I noticed how beaten down Bernies looked in the last few days, he also seemed proud but sad too. 
You were the first politician in my lifetime (almost 50 years) that spoke to all of my concerns about this country with all of my values.  I've sided more with this politician or that one, worrying less about parties and more about the person.  I've voted Republican, Libertarian and Democrat over the years.  Yet, I've never had someone to vote for that so closely matched all of my views.  I will always love you for that, you will forever remain one of my heroes.  I thank you and Jane and your many wonderful surrogates for undertaking this task and starting something that will never die, this revolution of the people to embrace and share progressive ideals with our brothers and sisters, so that it spreads across the land.  One day your dream of our future will be an unremarkable reality.  We will achieve this sooner because you woke up a lot of people to the process and lit a fire that will BERN on!  Thank you so much Bernie! 
Dear Bernie,

I will always fondly remember the first time I heard you speak: on The Colbert Report.  You were more candid and genuine than any politician I had ever seen before.  From that moment you had piqued my interest and before you ever announced your intent I told others that I hoped you'd run for president.

From the time you announced your candidacy there are too many great moments to choose only one, but they all demonstrated the original impression you made on me, that you were authentic, straightforward, and had genuine concern for people everywhere.  I saw that genuine concern inform everything you said and did, and that is still true now.

Highlights from the last year include the first town hall meeting I attended where you spoke to us on the web, the rally in Summit, IL where I heard you speak in person, the victory in MI, "birdie," Texting 4 Bernie, and many other moments.

Thank you for everything you've done on our behalf and the sacrifices you continue to make for us.  Your significance in this world goes beyond that of the presidency.
This isn't over Bernie.  This is beginning.  We are here to help always.
A Future to Believe In  
http://i.imgur.com/gF6iiDF.jpg  
https://i.imgur.com/XNovUTF.jpg  
https://berniesanders.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/US-2-1.jpg  
https://i.imgur.com/l3nDANl.jpg  

https://youtu.be/vhezYYiTUm0

Consider adding  /r/WayOfTheBern to your subscribed sub collection.  We are all about the next phase in Bernie Style Positive Politics!

We are a group who knows what we saw, how it changed us and we want more!

WotB is growing fast and is all about the "Way" Bernie brought to American Politics.  We know it is about the ideas, and we want to organize, do activism, have community, share our insights and have fun throughout these tough times to come.

ONWARD!  BECAUSE FUCK THIS SHIT!  :D

Finally, thank you SFP.  No joke.  You guys inspired a lot of people and done a lot of good.


Thank you.
Bernie Saying... "I welcome their contempt!"
Thank you mods! I can say, without a doubt, this sub was the *soul* catalyst that got me involved in The Revolution.  I always loved Bernie but you all got me busy.  I'll share some awesome pics and stories when I get to my computer.
e
Here are a few
http://imgur.com/a/4bGRU


For me, there were so many moments that I shall long remember for so many reasons such that the list is simply too, too long.

I would like to personally thank the Senator for allowing America to believe once again relative to what WE CAN BE.  I am grateful to his political revolution given how he awoke so many that needed to be shaken to their core.  I was just one of these people.  The ads were simply fantastic and I shall always refer to them, as needed.

My deepest and sincere gratitude goes out to Tulsi, and Nina, and Dr. West, and of course, the lovely Jane Sanders, as well as the entire Sanders family for making this entire experience possible.  There were so many great people that again listing them all would not work.

My happiest and saddest moment was at the convention and both emotions were felt simultaneously.  I, like millions of Americans share the immigrant experience and seeing Larry Sanders call out the names of his parents, and then hearing him nominate his brother for President of the United States was simply priceless.  It made me so proud to see this happen and I would hope that this type of scene continues to fuel everyone that participated in this great experience such that on some given day, someday soon, the whisper of a dream comes your way.  We must continue to fuel the dream that America represents forever and a day.

The Mods were great and they deserve our thanks and applause.  The Bernie staff I met were all wonderful.  The canvassing, and the phonebanking were great and I fully enjoyed it all.  

In my opinion and separate from what happened tonight, the gentleman from Vermont is in fact the POTUS.  He may not be so in the Democratic Party, or in the whole of Congress, but he is in fact the legitimate People's President throughout the land.  And, that, more than all else is ALL that matters and is indeed priceless.

Lastly, I would only ask each and every one of you to continue being involved, to continue the dialogue, to always be diligent in separating nonsense from truth.  The truth was at the core of this movement and that is why we ALL did so very well.  Never stop seeking the truth.

Long Live the Political Revolution!!!   
This sub and Bernie's movement have been a really big part of my life for the past five months, so it's really difficult to pick a favorite moment. There are a lot.

I have to start with the bird. I got to see Birdie Sanders land on Bernie's podium in person, and it was honestly one of the most beautiful moments of my life. Everything about it was so perfect and Bernie's smile lit up the whole stadium - I'll never forget it! I have the [gif](https://j.gifs.com/ER1L34.gif) on my favorites bar and still watch it whenever I need a little pick-me-up. Watching Bernie speak with such passion that day just filled my heart with hope and really inspired me to do my part in the ensuing months. I started by talking to my parents, who were both lifelong Republicans from PA. We *never* talk about politics, but I used the bird to help me segue into a more serious discussion about the issues. We talked for hours and in the end I never even had to convince them. They changed their party affiliation online and voted for Bernie proudly on April 26. We still talk politics every now and then, and I'm so grateful that we can. I never suspected it possible.

Shortly after the Portland rally I attended, I watched the livestream of Bernie's speech in Seattle. You remember the one. Our dear neighbors to the north filled that enormous stadium and wouldn't stop cheering for him when he walked on. I remember that he kept saying, "whoaaa!" and at one point he even looked a little choked up from the enormous support! I think that's when I realized that the movement he was spearheading wasn't just big, it was historical and culture-changing - and I felt so proud to be a part of it.

Another favorite moment from this campaign was filling out my ballot. Although I've been able to vote for over ten years, this was the first primary election I've paid attention to or voted in. I couldn't wait to get my Oregon ballot in the mail - when it arrived, I remember sitting down at the dining room table with my husband, finding Bernie's name on the ticket, and suddenly feeling overcome with gratitude for all of the supporters on this sub and elsewhere whose activism and dedication in the previous states had allowed us here in Oregon to have a real say in the election. Voting may be "our right," but voting for Bernie was a real privilege. My biggest and most heartfelt thanks to everyone here for working so hard to make sure that so many people got that privilege. It was the proudest vote I've ever cast.

One of my most favorite memories of all, though, will always be the way we worked and fought together for Bernie and his ideas here on S4P. I'll never forget feeling my heart swell seeing the Bernie dialer stats spike leading into another contest, or the crazy awesome energy of the primary results mega-threads. Hearing your stories even helped me to overcome my anxiety and panic disorder so that I could get out and canvass! We've been through a lot together, and this place feels like home. This sub is the only reason I'm on reddit, the only reason I know what the hell a caucus is, and the only reason I never gave up. Even just the idea of shutting this place down breaks my heart. I'm so proud of what we've accomplished here together! I honestly believe that this place is bigger than the sum of its parts - we created something really special here and I doubt it can ever be recreated elsewhere. It's been an honor and a privilege. I know our work is far from over, but I'll never forget this wild, wild ride where it all began.

In solidarity.
Thank you Bernie.  
Thanks also to all you young people.  
The future looks brighter because of you.
[removed]
My favorite moment was definitely the night of the Iowa primary. We may not have won, but it showed that half of the democratic party could be excited for a socialist - it showed that if you work hard and spread your message with integrity and purity, you can really change people's minds. For my part, it inspired me to take a more active role in politics - I hope that some day, along with all of you, I can make change. Being a part of this great movement has and will continue to be an honor, and I can't wait to see where it takes us next. The political revolution has only begun.
When people stand together, there is nothing, nothing, nothing they cannot accomplish!

Thank you Bernie for your amazing work to move our country in a better direction!

Thank you mods for your wise leadership. Sorry you got so much negativity thrown at you.
What happens to the money we donated?
I don't know what to say other than, thank you Bernie and thank you mods for changing my life. 

Edit: Unfortunately, we did not get as far as we wanted to this presidential election. But that doesn't mean we weren't successful! We created unprecedented levels of engagement in politics among progressives. Let's continue our with through Our Revolution and /r/Political_Revolution!
I disagree entirely with the mods, but that's not what made this community. You are the ones that made this community here. Thank you for all your hard ass work. This fight isn't over I swear to you. Never lose your sense of outrage. Vote your conscience not out of fear! That's all I can really say.
Is it too crazy to hope for a Bernie 2020 run?
This. Has to be my favorite. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhezYYiTUm0 Thank you Bernie and Jane - such remarkable people who lit the fire for progress.  See you in Our Revolution.
7/29 for us was an organized event of 350 people under the capitol dome in Olympia, WA. Against similar odds we got the live stream working just in time. The mood was absolutely electric. Hope was abound. Stories were shared of crippling school debt, untreated health issues and oppression. 
[Lets let Frankie play us out](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zoXLKgX0MgU)
Again I would like to thank our delegates.  Some still need funding.  http://www.adoptaberniedelegate.com  
Bernie.
Epic ride
#ThankYouBernie
It's been a great ride. Thanks for everything, Bernie and /r/SandersForPresident
Thank you for everything Bernie! We have come together due to your love. Jane said in her Rolling Stone interview that she was "surprised at how fast (the vast majority of people under 45) knew him on a gut level. Vermonters know him that way. They know they can trust him implicitly. They know what he says is what he means, and that is what he does, and he comes from a core of strong values. I was surprised at how quickly the nation got to know that." It comes through every time Bernie speaks. He showed us that it's possible to have an honest and heartfelt leader.

My biggest hope is that Bernie will continue to inspire us with his platform. I **hope hope hope** that he will continue to hold rallies regularly, wherever he is at in the country, no need to travel all over because we will watch streams of his appearances from wherever we work and live. Even one a month would be enough to make a huge impact without hopefully being too much to shoulder as an obligation. **I hope the rallies will continue (/u/Aidan_King?)**

Bernie will be the toughest critic against what corruption remains in our government and an advocate for the issues that matter deeply to the American people. Regardless of what the anointed leader of the country is backing or against, we will be on the side of Bernie Sanders.

He said from the start that the revolution was not about him, it was about millions of people standing together and saying "enough is enough" in the fight to do what's right for future generations and for families struggling. When Bernie brings up an important issue, we will march and we will chant and we will call our representatives to make the reasonable voice of America heard.

We will march and we will chant and we will call our representatives every month. And we will do it every month for the next 4 years. We will ensure that our government put into place at least some of Bernie's platform. As much of it as we are able to pass in 4 years. And onward we will continue.
I haven't been very vocal in here, but I sure am going to miss this place. 
**[Introducing FeelTheBern.org! A brand-new site that lays out exactly where Bernie stands on all the issues. Created by over 125 volunteers over 32 sleepless, we hope you enjoy & share widely! ](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/3gpyxt/introducing_feelthebernorg_a_brandnew_site_that/)**
This has been a fantastic journey. I've been inspired, I've learned, I've DONE SOMETHING!!! Thank you all for everything. I can't wait to see what we do next in r/political_revolution together.
It was a pleasure posting here. This was, by far, one of the best subs on Reddit. Thank you all for the memories, the long nights watching the primaries. Even though they were rigged, they still gave me a sense of hope. A sense that we could win. Despite what the mods are forcing us to do, I will not be supporting Hillary Clinton in the General Election. 
How is it not clear to these mods that the people want this sub to stay open? It's ridiculous. Almost everyone I've seen has said the sub should stay open. We want it to stay open. Don't go against the people.

If it does shut down, I think it should re open on key dates like the debates and election day.
Thank you Bernie. As a young person, Bernie has helped me get excited about politics and political action. It will be sad to see you go (even as a lurker) yet I feel justified in voting Hillary, I have faith she will continue on Bernie's ideas 
Just went to Bernie's web page in the hopes of making a final $27 donation. It's no longer accepting contributions. :(
Mods, shutting down this subreddit is an incredibly foolish idea. Just change the purpose of /r/sandersforpresident - not the name. There are 225,580 reasons to do so. You are stifling the momentum and silencing one of, if not the most active community for the political revolution on the internet, all because one of you decided a newly named subreddit would be better? Foolish.
remember folks: #demexit

they don't give a fuck about us.

hope to see you in /r/political_revolution
Wasn't a Sanders supporter, but you guys did amazing work fighting for a candidate you believed in. 
nearly 230,000 supporters displaced. Sad.
When is the sub getting archived?
Some delegates are still underfunded and can use help.  Thank you everyone who was part of this revolution.  Fight on!
http://www.adoptaberniedelegate.com/delegates-between-500-999/
[deleted]
Being able to not regret my vote was essentially the greatest moment in politics I ever felt. Who knows how that just went off lol.
Since its moot now, did anyone have any idea who Bernie would have selected as VP? 
Yeah this is not over! Let's stick together whether you go green or try to change the DNC from within. 
I am proud of all the people who fought for Bernie and for the truth.
Let's stay together!
Thank you Bernie for so many moments and more to come. 

This aint over by a long shot

Birdie was my favourite i d say

Also , dont close the sub no matter who asks.  This sub is a large part of getting diverse  information sources
[deleted]
Why would you shut this subreddit down? It costs you nothing. You could give it to new mods who will mod it for free. Hell, I'll do it. This is a blatant attempt to fake unity by silencing the community here.


Are there not current lawsuits involving the primary results? Isn't there more wikileaks coming down the pike? I just can't, for the life of me, understand why you wouldn't at least wait until November. Why won't any of the mods answer when someone asks about taking over moderation? 
If I'm not mistaken, this sub will close in the next five minutes.  
I just wanted to say,   
Thank you, Bernie.  
The will of the people was not followed and it's scary to see what might happen because of it.  
Your name will go down in history.  

Thank you Bernie.
Maybe promote this sub in a different way than /r/Political_Revolution? No reason to shut it down - if you don't have your heart in it at this point, pass it off.
Not a Sanders supporter, Hillary supporter since the beginning truthfully, but thank you all so much. You fought so hard, and the Democratic Party Platform is infinitely times stronger than before you and Mr. Sanders shook up the stage. It's been an honor, and I am with you in your political revolution. NEVER STOP FIGHTING! 
This sub has been great, and so has Bernie's campaign. It's been a great election year because of it. I'll miss /r/SandersForPresident!
Good song to say goodbye to.  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egY8rUpxqcE  
  
Edit to say: Lets keep the Political Revolution going
Don't forget today is also the Demexit
Subreddit probably paid to close down by Clinton. This is one fucked up election cycle. 
http://i.imgur.com/zyswDFJ.png

You yourself say that this subreddit will not undergo significant changes with out feed back from the community, and yet under a massive amount of people saying they want to keep the subreddit open, your closing it without a vote or feed back from the community. 
Nothing better for destroying Progressives on reddit than removing their biggest community.  Well done Hillary Supporting mods, you really know how to unite us!
[removed]
Already wrote lengthy tribute here, adding this song "Feel the Bern" by Tony Tig from last summer.
https://youtu.be/dzgBkpY-6mE
[removed]
getaether.net
[removed]
Since they won't allow me to post a regular thread, I shall borrow this one.

It has been a pleasure getting to know many of you, and I hope our paths cross again under better circumstances. 

Like many others, I will be leaving the Dems tomorrow, after 12 years. I will also work to keep true to our mission and our struggle. I only have one request. If you do end up voting, vote with your heart. In the end, you have to be happy with your decision, whatever it may be. 

Good Luck!


#For those that are interested, I created a NEW SUBREDDIT the other day: /r/PoliticalProgressives/

Please join us as we work to keep the movement alive and support the man who brought us all together.

Not affiliated with /r/Sandersforpresident. Unlike this once great sub, we do not give in, we do not give up. We Trek Forward towards our progressive future!
I remember the enthusiasm and love of the campaign. This subreddit had that too, until it got ugly and hateful.
Do not go to /r/Political_Revolution it's controlled by the same mods who are shutting down this subreddit aguinst the will of the people. I'll be making my own subreddit soon for the revolution

For comparison, Political revolution only has just over 33k people while this subreddit has 220k, so we're effectively cutting off almost 3/4ths of the Sanders supporters by shutting this subreddit down.
No one wants you to archive the sub.

# KEEP IT. It is not yours to put away
So by ignoring the vast majority of the subreddit, shadow deleting comments that don't agree with your stand point, and actively pushing us to a new subreddit where you have direct controll over everything and can fuck us over at anytime, one can only wonder who the fuck payed your fucking salary to do this. July 29th is a special day in deed, it's when the mods of this subreddit killed the online presence of the revolution. 
I'm still a little surprised you didn't just go thru the month and end the sub witht the end of July instead of ending it in the 30th
You're a fascist and a sellout, pilgray. You do not represent the values you supposedly fought for and should be ashamed of yourself. 
plug for /r/FreePolDiscussion
Closing this subreddit, if you still plan to do so, is not acceptable.  I will absolutely not join /r/Political_Revolution.  Keep this subreddit open.  If you don't want to moderate it anymore, pass it off to someone else.
I'm a strong Clinton supporter. I voted for Obama in '08, again in '12. I'm proud of those votes. I campaigned for Senator Blumenthal when Linda McMahon attempted to buy my state's senate seat in 2010. 


And I remember when Democrats had to meddle on gun control. I remember when tax increases were out of the question. I remember when we had to be strong on terror, strong on defense, strong on the military, and accept so very much as the cost of doing business. I remember when no democrat would be caught dead supporting gay marriage, or decriminalizing marijuana, or increasing the minimum wage.


Now we have a major party nominee who will say without hesitation, black lives matter. Who advocates legalizing marijuana, opposes Citizens United, supports the $15 minimum wage, and is pro-amnesty and pro-infrastructure investments. It's not everything I want, and it's not everything we need, but it's so many miles beyond the Democratic party of years past, and it gives me hope.


I'm so very grateful to the Sanders movement for showing everyone just how brave and how liberal Democrats can be, and find themselves not shunned or derided, but with growing strength. Thank you to everyone in this movement. You've made us a better party, and just a little bit better of a country. I will never stop voicing my concerns, I will never stop fighting for my interpretation of liberalism and progressivism, but I am a supporter of your movement. I hope this movement keeps making this country better, and holds Clinton's feet to the fire on the platform.
http://i.imgur.com/RftaZj5.png

Instead of Deleting this post every time it's put up /u/Pilgray, tell us what changed. These messages have you saying no major thing will happen to this subreddit with out community input. You've been shadow deleting comments that are aguinst closing the subreddit, you have been 100% Silent to everyone, and you directing us to a Subreddit where you have even more controll over. Your a real peace of work. 
As a non American, how come he's not running for president anymore?
My favorite memory is getting banned from this sub for saying "poor baby" to somebody who was crying crocodile tears. That ban was lifted, but now I miss it.

In my memory, you will all live on eternally as my favorite poor babies. Your conspiracy theories have given me a great deal of joy. I will miss you all.

With a little luck, I'll get banned one last time before midnight tonight.
this sub is closing entirely off the fact that some mods think it's a good idea, I for one am sick of censorship and mod power tripping on reddit, so I made this https://www.reddit.com/r/FreePolDiscussion

please consider participating if you can't stand censorship killing good discussions
Thank you mods of this sub.  Let's keep this open a few days extra to get people over to political revolution. I really appreciate the hard work and the pressure that the mods endured. They made so much possible. It was very hard work. I am very grateful.
[removed]
You go guys, watch out for people who aren't genuine, we all know r/politics got taken over by shitty mods
Let's open this baby back up!
Whisper ^of ^^a ^^^dream
I want to throw something out here, because I see some signs of dissent already bubbling on this thread. 


As a statewide grassroots organizer for Michigan, I can say that r/SandersForPresident was a vital way for our volunteers to get connected with our groups around the state, and for our members to stay up to date on great campaign information and news.


However, as time went on, and the sub grew, we saw more over zealous mods exercise very excessive rules, post submission guidelines, and takedowns, that participating in this sub became largely meaningless. It became literally a waste of time to post anything to this sub, as you would be in violation of some rule that not only made no sense, but you really had no way to know it existed. I know from a lot of my grassroots groups members that this over time turned a lot of people off, and this sub became more or less a news feed managed by the mods. 


If this sub is going to be a meaningful tool for keeping Trump as a one term president, and replacing him with a true progressive, whether Bernie or otherwise, then I tend to agree with the calls of wiping the mod board clean, drawing up a set of guidelines (or a constitution as some have called it) and get back to the grassroots practices that made this sub grow so fast and be as inclusive as possible to attract symphetic people to the movement.


And here'a the kicker. All of us in grassroots leadership positions around the country, the ones gearing up and gathering our troops for 2018 and 2020 in cities all over, know that this sub can either be a meaningful tool or a wasteful distraction to real campaigning. The next actions by the mods during the relaunch of this sub by their actions, and I hope, their humility and selflessness, will show all of us doing actual work in the real world if this sub should be utilized, or even trusted.


Obviously the subscriber base of this sub cannot, and should not be ignored. It's an invaluable tool, just as valuable as mailing lists, phone or email lists that we use in active campaigning. Frankly, this sub is too valuable to screw up as a political tool for the Progressive cause. And for that reason, I am calling for all current mods to create a transition to new moderator leadership of this sub, with appropriate tools and guidelines that are approved by the community, and then step down, and if they want to run for a mod position in a revolving 6 month or whatever time period, then they should do that. Because no matter what comments get deleted, posts flagged or taken down, all of us in the real world know what's going on, and we'll keep being active in the fight for the midterms, statewide,  local, and the presidential election, with or without r/SandersForPresident. Please current mod team, please don't squander such a valuable communication reasource and community by not listening to the subscribers, and do what is best for the advancement of the sub, and the American Progressive movement.


Final plug; if you're reading this, then I encourage you to get off Reddit, and search for your local progressive action group. It may be your ex local Bernie group, or a new progressive group. We had our first meeting here in Lansing Michigan, 50 strong and more looking to come on our next bi-weekly meeting. It's happening all over our state, and the country. If we want a chance for 2018 and 2020, we have to get back to work NOW!
> I'm still sketching out a framework by which the community can recall moderators

Brilliant!  This is how we show the Democratic Party how democracy is done!

Thanks in advance to you and the new moderators!  
I hope we open back up. For at least 30 days after this sub closed down I was still visiting it instinctively.

#[Obligatory](https://giphy.com/gifs/today-reddit-2IN6C8RaqlKdG)
I'd love to be a mod, but I have a rich history of having zero tolerance for rotten people.  I'll tell my peers though.
Let's get this Progressive Hub buzzing again! ... 

This was the heart and soul of the progressive movement here on Reddit. r/politiacal_revolution isn't really the same vibe and we can leverage the much deeper depth of this sub to counter r/T_D and all the right push the country is having. 
How much of a time commitment does modding entail? 
Omg we're back?!?! So happy. Closing this sub when we had so many engaged subscribers was the stupidest move I've ever seen in my life. Glad to see it potentially coming back online.
This makes me happy.  Never forget your sense of outrage friends.  
A lot of the comments I'm seeing here are pretty negative.  I think a lot of the commenters are forgetting the tireless work that the moderators of S4P put in during the primary season. Obviously if the sub is to re-open we all want it done in the right fashion and good moderators to manage it, but I think the whole line of thinking that mods need to step down when we pull out pitchforks is kind of ridiculous.
**A short history of  /r/SandersForPresident (so we can avoid repeating an unfortunate and unhappy past.)** 

Because there is now a move to revive the /r/SandersForPresident subreddit, I thought it might be helpful for the community to revisit its history (the good, the bad, the ugly).  I think this will be helpful for our community to reflect and take stock of how such a revival should be shaped. 


The willingness to take a hard look a past failings -- and learn from them -- is essential for any community that wishes to move forward.  That is the exact problem we now face fighting the DNC and the Democratic Establishment.   


This subreddit was -- and can be again -- a vibrant, essential, powerful voice for political change in an activist community.  But I question whether that revival can take place under the old moderator regime.  Are the old moderators willing to consider giving up power and control over this subreddit (allowing new, community-trusted moderators to step in) when doing so is clearly in the bests interests of the community?

**THE HISTORY:**

Through the end of 2015 into early 2016, /r/SandersForPresident was a vibrant, massively-growing, exciting community. It was a place where one could be educated, inspired, moved to tears of beauty or laugh for joy. It was the first place we all went to to understand our place in this brave new world that was unfolding right before our eyes. Not only unfolding as we watched, but unfolding because WE were making it happen. Many of us got our first taste of activism by contributing in that group. s4p taught us how WE could be the change that changes the world. 

Starting around March 2016, weird stuff started happening. Deletions, bannings, without rhyme or reason, arbitrary, inexplicable, began consuming posts. Not just spam or troll posts, but legitimate issues of community concern. Moderation at s4p, to put it bluntly, started going off, then went completely off the rails. Too much growth too fast? Trolling? Shills? All of these were present  had been present for many months -- but around March, the treatment turned out to be much worse than the disease. 

Like scything through wheat, massive waves of deletions were wiping out virtually all posts and posters. Perhaps one post in ten was permitted to be seen by the community at large. The subreddit became /r/PhoneBankCentral. Instead of discussion, support, strategizing, planning, educating -- about the primary, about the issues, about the world -- if you werent phone banking, s4p did not care (unless it was a moderator post). Ideas, constructive criticism, questions for the general community  all were denied a voice to others who wanted to see them. S4p, an verdant oasis of enthusiasm, synergy, compassion, became instead a sucking swamp. 

Posts made late at night (after the moderators had gone to bed) rapidly gained thousands of upvotes and hundreds of comments in the thin air of the midnight hours. This was prima facie evidence that the topic and issues under discussion were relevant, pertinent to the community at large, and that there was a desperate cry for debate. But, first thing in the morning (Eastern Time). . . snip. Never happened. And the daytime community never knew what had been discussed, nor did they have a chance to participate. 

In many ways, the s4p community was mirroring (in a horrifying way) precisely what was taking place before our eyes in the DNC, the Democratic Establishment, and the main stream media  s4p was putting out a distorted message, blacking out coverage of essential topics, and denying any conversation on the things that the community needed to talk about, share, and question. 

When the convention happened, and Bernie threw his support to HRC, this place was no longer recognizable. The swamp became a desert. Anything not toeing the DNC Hillary line was ruthlessly deleted. It was like living in a totalitarian state: there was one truth, and that was the truth of Hillary. Criticism  even constructive criticism -- was strictly disallowed. There was no room for debate. Questions were not allowed. 

An exodus followed. The most passionate, prolific activists and posters went on to found alternative Bernie subreddits (/r/WayOfTheBern being one). s4p was an echo chamber that spoke to few outside the HRC spin cycle. Truth was, s4p was already dying long before ctr showed up. 

Three months ago the decision was made to shut s4p down. No one knows who made the decision. Certainly the community was not consulted. The active posters who contributed mightily to grow s4p to 200,000+ subscribers were not permitted any say in the matter. Long-time contributors begged the moderators not to shut it down  especially in the middle of a devastatingly bewildering election. True to form, the pleas of a passionate community were utterly ignored. Ignoring the needs of the community, ignoring the wishes and pleading of its constituency, turning its back on the dire need for a sane and central voice in the midst of the election fiasco chaos, and casting the Bernie supporters to the wind, s4p shut down. Closed its doors. Hasta la vista, baby (Oh. And vote for a woman president! -- No! Not that one! The other one!). 

**MOVING FORWARD:**

Now, s4p appears to be looking to reopen its doors, welcoming back all its former members, and reliving its glory days. 

My thoughts are: Unless there is a complete changeover in moderators -- drawn from existing Bernie-inspired subreddits with a well-established moderator history -- No thanks. 

The reopening of s4p has the potential to cause tremendous long-term damage. Unless moderation is drastically changed (meaning a complete changover in moderators), such a move dilutes and diverts scarce resources into a community that has demonstrated utter tone deafness for the needs of its constituents (kinda like the whole Democratic campaign, if ya think about it). Just like main stream media looking for relevance after totally failing at their one job, we are invited back to let bygones be bygones, look toward a new future, and trust us again. No thanks. 

Our new communities  the ones we fled to, and worked hard to nurture and grow, are active, nimble, and relevant. We have a voice. We decide what is important to the community. We have a vote. We have a say. Can the same be said of a revived s4p? 

If anyone wishes to add to this history, or remembers things differently, your contribution is welcome. 

TL/DR: A story of soaring love and crushing loss, breathtaking beauty and baffling ugliness, about becoming the evil you fight, and how a subreddit just not that into you can teach great truths about betrayal. 




Tempting... Wish I had the time. Good luck, please keep being awesome.
Just submitted!
Gonna need this in order to combat 300,000 Professional shit posters!

How many moderators will we need? 

I'm gonna say at least 20.

Edit: go here = /r/political_revolution while waiting for this place to re-open!
Submitted
Wait, is this sub back?
applied.  time for the waiting game.

having ptsd remembering all the time waiting for call backs from dropping off resumes...*shudder*
Submitted!
I wish we could have some kind of public moderator. 

Nothing too invasive, but what about like a video AMA answering questions and giving a type of interview.  

For example. Myself, I've been to a few rallies. I have a cherished photo of him standing next to myself with my wife and daughter there too. We still have all the Bernie swag floating around our house,... I guess what I am trying to say is it would be nice to open this up to the community. Give us a video -  a reason why you should be moderator here... **Let us upvote them.**


What happened to /u/pilgray?
Why are there personally identifiable questions in the submission process and how are they used?
RemindMe! 2 hours "submit application"
Thank you.
Now more important than ever
I applied! I didn't think I'd want to at first after being jaded by the /r/politics. However, after thinking about it I realized that I could help maintain the integrity that this sub was founded on when I first joined. I don't have a lot of moderation experience but I have experience in knowing what I liked about this sub which was truth, transparency, healthy debate, and a sense of community. I don't know if I'll get the honor but I would love to be part of bringing back what was good. 
I am ready to be if this sub reopens!
Just submitted my application, thanks for the opportunity 
There is no options for "Arab" or "Other" in the ethnicity question :(
should just have one question.

1) have you ever closed a subreddit at the time when it was most needed?
So, if the old mods are on their way out (partially due to compromised trust) who will be reviewing the new mod apps? I mean, it's a waste of time getting new mods if a shit mod decides who gets in and can just put in more shit mods.
You guys gotta stop messing around. Open up the sub properly and let the meme war continue. The_Donald isn't slowing down and there's no resistance 
I applied as a civil engineer from Alabama. I just want to clean up comments when necessary and clean up /r/new and keep it clean as well. I also want to participate in other ways, but that would be in more of a member of the community fashion because my job and location don't really give me many options as far as participating in many events.
I've thrown my hat in the ring.
I've submitted my application in my trademark talking too much style. Regardless of whatever people think, I can never be considered anything but a supporter of anti-corruption progression and helping the citizenry, and my history should show I am a Redditor and thus I have no conflicting interests.

I personally hate mods that abuse their powers or ignore others, and so if chosen I will do my absolute best to live up to my image of what a moderator should be. Good luck to everyone as well.
Nice to see r/SandersForPresident on the front page again.
Pardon my ignorance, but wouldn't Sanders realistically be too old to run for president in 4 years? Or is this about continuing his values?
How about more communication ASAP?
Does Sanders intend to run again? 
Will you guys review every single submission?
How will we notified of the results of the application process? 
We need to unleash the memes this time around, we were to square.
Where the fuck has this sub been when we needed you?
Submitted!
I got a little stumped on the favorite childhood story question.  I answered Batman TAS.....
You guys going to do background checks on your applicants? 8\^)
You might have just unleashed a sea of 4chan "TheDonald" trolling to the current Moderators.
I love Bernie, I voted for him in the primaries, I think he'll be vital to the future of American government.

But he will be 78 for the next election. Clinching it and sitting for two terms would take him to 86. 
[deleted]
I just applied, interesting idea for drafting mods, I hope it works out well for everyone.
Out of curious is this going to be S4P or another /r/enoughtrumpspam?
Don't even think about letting  Vermonty_Python/Aidan King within a mile of the moderator's chair. Never again.
But why? 
Seems like a good idea... but then there's the part of me that's like "I don't write well enough" feel like I'd get people mad at me for having poor grammar.  
I'd say anyone who was part of shutting th sub down after the rigged primary by Crooked Hillary and DWS should automatically be disqualified from being a moderator there going forward.
Bernie or busters only please.  This is one respibility that needs ideological purity.  
I don't understand the idea here anyway.  Sanders isn't all that likely to run in 2020 due to his age etc.  And this sub turned into a Clinton sub after the DNC convention.  So what's the point of reactivating it?  It did a lot of good while Bernie's candidacy was active, but now I'd say keep it closed unless he runs for potus again.
Its over dudes, Trump won.

It was a valiant effort though.
So the owners of this sub stopped getting payed?
I'll take the position. My credentials:

1. Moderate a couple of other subs -- mostly just delete spam posts. I don't care if somebody posts something I disagree with. Or, if I do, I post and/or downvote like a normal user.

2. Banned for stating facts in r/democrats, r/conservative, and r/conservatives -- I'm a total menace by pointing out facts to anybody. It's not for name calling or bullying. Just facts.
At 7 ET, Sen. Sanders will be giving a speech tonight about the future of our country. You can RSVP [here](https://go.ourrevolution.com/page/s/bernie-speech?source=reddit). Presumably, they will send further information as it comes.

Edit: Apparently [this is the link to watch](https://ourrevolution.com/watch/).

Edit 2: You'd think they'd have a better handle on digital streaming by now.

Edit 3: [Try this?](https://www.facebook.com/georgewashingtonuniversity/videos/10153961973555913/)

Edit 4: [For the NeverFacebook crowd](https://youtu.be/0YCmYY3Fa9Q)

Edit 5: 
> Sanders, however, will not have a top-ranking position in the leadership.

This is a token position, designed to placate us. We can't stop now! 
> Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) is joining the ranks of Senate Democratic leadership next year. 

> Sanders, however, will not have a top-ranking position in the leadership.

Well that's confusing.  How important is this position really?
His press release: http://www.sanders.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/sanders-joins-senate-democratic-leadership-  

> "Real change doesnt take place on Capitol Hill. It takes place in grassroots America. It takes place when millions of working people, young people and senior citizens come together to demand that our government works for all of us and not just the 1 percent. When the people lead, the leaders follow."  
 Serving as ranking member of the Budget Committee is a heavy responsibility. It helps shape the priorities of the United States government, and I am going to do everything I can to make sure the budget that leaves the United States Congress is a budget that represents the needs of working families and a shrinking middle class, not billionaires."
Remember everyone. We no longer live in an age where you should take any comment at face value. Evaluate what you read, even what I have written. Use your resourcefulness and initiative to discover if whatever you have just read is at all accurate. Use perspective, imagine what the anonymous party on the other end might stand to gain, by influencing how you feel about the issue. For example, I can tell you that comments opposing the reopening of this subreddit are a vocal minority. We've seen in discussion over at the sister subreddit, r/political_revolution, that popular sentiment is overwhelmingly in favor of reopening. 

Most importantly, don't let the people who are discouraging discussion or spreading hysteria affect your morale. If any part of you would like to again join the movement towards creating a more progressive government, one that works for all of us and not just 1% of us, than you're in the right place. Welcome back!
So...can we finally re-open this sub?
I find this unacceptable!

What DO we have to do to get a real leadership role in the DNC?

46% against the biggest political machine in history and still they are throwing us just a bone.

Screw those corrupt Wall St. democrats, they should finally call themselves republicans and be done with it.
I mean yeah this is a good thing, but are they putting him here so that he can't take a more influential role?  This sounds like one of those "promoted out of the way" situations.

Hopefully Sanders can lead more progressive members into greater positions.  
Anyone else get the idea that the DNC is trying to use Bernie to pull people into the party then royally fuck him again?


So... S4P is back up, but only the mods are allowed to post one article every few days? I'm really hoping this is temporary. They had to be pressured to even reopen the sub, and now they're exerting rigid control without a transparency statement why? Get out of the way, mods -- let progressives PROGRESS.
It's up to Bernie to fight for the people and not the Democratic Party. It's up to us to get him into the White House if he chooses to run in 2020. Never lose your sense of outrage especially at the democratic party.
Is the sub back open?! <3
Reddit just felt wrong with all the Trump post and this sub closed.
Sounds like the DNC realized his ability to fundraise and want to continue tapping into that.  That was their strategy in the primaries - bait the younger generation with Bernie to bring in the money while they never had any intention of letting him win.
Can we please reopen this sub?  It's where the concentration of Sanders supporters actually congregate, and other subs don't have the numbers to prevent getting brigaded.
Has anyone else noticed who everyone is running to for guidance after the election? It's motherfucking Bernie Sanders. He is doing a highly publicized speech tonight for a plan moving forward. the only person to do it post election for dems who haven't said one word on what they think is the plan. Where was all this attention in the primary? Why didn't anyone listen to him then? The person everyone is looking to for leadership right now is Bernie goddamn Sanders. Let that sink in, then remember all the bullshit the establishment pulled to get him out of the primary. 
So they created a new position for him to bring in his voters without the party having to change anything about itself. Typical.
I believe that this is the correct link to the live speech, as the website appears to be not working(?) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0YCmYY3Fa9Q
Revolution is fucking lit  right now.      
and then they fuck it all up by electing Chuck "WALL STREET ENDORSED & BACKED BY HILLARY'S MACHINE" Schumer

http://imgur.com/wu6LUxc

http://imgur.com/rwdLaUs


never change dems
Everyone should also watch Thomas Frank's lecture [What's the Matter with the Democrats?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4w4I1c8VnbI)

Thomas is pretty left, but he's also seen the democrats grow into something very different from its roots as a champion for the common man. Essentially the Democrats are left only as so far as where the lefts money is, in the young college educated and the educated professional elites. Over time they have left behind the poor and disenfranchised that they once fought for.  Today the Democratic party talks the talk for the poor, but action is minimally taken.

When the poor and disenfranchised are ignored by both major parties, that void is filled with alternatives like the tea party and the like. Both Sanders and Trump were candidates that were perceived to be outsiders, and that is why both were the most popular. When the Democrats managed to out their outsider, Trump was the last man standing who had rhetoric on "draining the swamp" while Clinton kept talking about "not starting over" and continuing the status quo.

If the democrats want to become more powerful, they need more people like Sanders and start doing a better job for the real poor people, and not just the social projects of the liberal elite. 
Can we get some clarification on the status of this sub? The semi-revived state it's currently in is a little confusing.
Why is everyone on here just arguing and complaining? Bernie accepted this position, and didnt he say he didn't want to be senate minority leader anyway? 

Either way, can we stop with the "im so mad about this!" Because you know what i'm mad about? That a racist demagogue is now president, republicans have control over everything and here we are arguing over whether or not this role is suitable for a man who accepted this role.  

Im sure people will downvote me, but can everyone just calm the hell down and stop whining when every little thing doesnt go the way you feel it should? If the man accepted this position and endorsed Schumer as minority leader, then cant we agree that maybe, just maybe, he knows what he is doing here, and work on our own organizing about how we are going to go forward after this giant fucking mess? Fuck. We are all on the same team here and complaining and whining about this is going to get us nowhere. 
Haven't been able to say feel the Bern for a while
BREAK THE DAM! RELEASE THE RIVER!
Can't wait for us to be all back in business now that Bernie's Hillary shackles are gone. This reddit was an amazing grassroots tool, it must go on
"Win over democrats who flocked to donald trump this year" 

Because his own party screwed him out of being president.
Reopen the sub! 2020!
Darn, oh well, let's make the best out of this
Not enough, Bernie needs more of a say. They need to stop sidelining Sanders.
This is actually fucking perfect, and doubters need to think about this way harder. The DNC know they fucked up, and they know how. This position is their "please hold us accountable" card that we wanted. 

With a position this monumentally in the public eye Bernie can say whatever the fuck he wants and it will most likely happen. They KNOW anything the DNC does counter to his word will get thrown right the fuck back in their face.
This seems to me like they want Sanders enthusiasm and his supporters, but don't want them, or him, to have control.
Reopen the sub to get a head start for 2020!!
The longer this sub is closed, the more the DOWN WITH THE MODS atmosphere is going to grow.
Please when you reopen, don't make this sub about supporting the DNC or democratic leadership or whatever. I want to stay independent like Bernie.
Sadly, a lot of "After-Berners" are going to see this as nothing more than a collusion with establishment Democrats. Bernie needs to own this. Can't wait for his speech.
Are we back? Please?
>In the role, Sanders will be in charge of reaching out to blue-collar voters who flocked to President-elect Donald Trump this year. 

Oh, *NOW* the DNC cares about their voters.  Too late, DNC.  that bridge has been burned.
This sounds like a token appointment to a token position.. 
Guys, this is good. It's a good position, and a position Bernie will fill in well. It shows the DNC is listening, even if only slightly, and you have to remember from their eyes Bernie has only been a D for this year. We can't expect to change the party overnight. 
Nice work Bernie!!
So he's basically consigned to a cheerleader for the same old Democrats.... here's hoping the party can actually change its focus instead of just hiring a good PR guy.
So I can post?
Really? 'Yes, we don't want you touching policy, but we'd *love* to have your voters!'
I'm not a huge fan of this and it'll still take a lot more from the DNC before I even consider to give them my vote 
So is this sub back online? Is he running again? 
Open the subreddit. Stop having it be closed.
Dont let the title fool u, progressive got shafted. This video breaks it down for us. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-uSj1voxmc&t=0s
Misleading headline. He's not a top-ranking leader in the democratic party. They basically want to use him for his popularity but keep mainlining the establishment policies. He just became the token progressive. Don't be fooled, the Democrats are still desperately out of touch with reality. 
What a classic socdem move. Rosa Luxemburg is rolling in her grave.
Once again we are #1 on r/all
I want to see the look on Hillary's face when she sees sanders is leading in the senate while she has to stay home and knit.
Is this a joke or just a blatant slap in the face?
Haven't seen this subreddit on /r/all in a while.
Chairman of Outreach?  That's insulting
Chairman of Outreach? That's a damned insult to placate us. Means nothing. That's like them patting him on the head and saying, "good boy, here's your reward, now go away." Fuck. Them. 
Nice.  New position intended to reach out to blue collar voters, and in turn, he answers to Schumer, the antithesis of all things blue collar...
Alright Berners, instead of us twiddling our thumbs for now waiting for the subreddit to reopen, i propose we do a bit of good old fashioned Activism 

http://www.northjersey.com/story/news/politics/2016/11/17/sanders-may-aid-wisniewskis-bid-nj-governor/94019672/

New Jersey has a ton of influence in politics and i think a good start is to help a fellow Berniecrat win a race, even if we arnt at full capacity yet, because i know for a fact bernie know you guys can do it under Any Circumstances. We must remember that even if we didn't win the primary, we sure as hell made a ton of history with each step we took. So lets get another Berniecrat in office for the revolution, and let the establishment know we are most certainly not gone.
We have to re-open this sub.  The members can handle the trolls.  We cannot let this group go to waste.  Shame on the mods for not allowing us to communicate in the best forum for communication with a group that NEEDS it now more than ever. u/writingtoss, please help the cause and unleash us.
So a token progressive in a second tier position along with a token openly gay, Tammy Baldwin, check on PC diversity.  Now where's the next $25,000 a plate fundraiser being held?
What the fuck is "Chairman of Outreach"?

They haven't learned anything, have they.
sanders was NOT named to a leadership post. the article says that they are PRESSURING them to add him to such a post. 

jeez

Update: OK now they gave him a post. That they created just for him.  With no real power.  Remember when your mom told you to take your little brother out to play sports? So you created a new position 'water boy' just for him? That's basically what the Democrats are doing to Bernie.  And only because they want the votes he brings.  
Best thing Bernie could do is leave the party alltogether and make a new one. We start replacing Democrat candidates on the bottom with Progressive ones, and maybe someday in the future we can syphon enough members to be the larger party. 

DNC is too corrupt to be saved. We aren't going to change it from within because they won't let us.
I'd way rather see the DNC disintegrate and be totally reinvented. The old way of doing politics from the top down can't work if we want change from the bottom up.
**A Reminder of What Things Were Like at /r/SandersForPresident (. . . least we forget)**

There are rumblings of a revivification of the /r/SandersForPresident subreddit. I thought it might be helpful for the community to revisit its history to see whether that is something that should be encouraged or opposed.

Through the end of 2015 into early 2016, /r/SandersForPresident was a vibrant, massively-growing, exciting community. It was a place where one could be educated, inspired, moved to tears of beauty or laugh for joy. It was the first place we all went to to understand our place in this brave new world that was unfolding right before our eyes. Not only unfolding as we watched, but unfolding because WE were making it happen. Many of us got our first taste of activism by contributing in that group. s4p taught us how WE could be the change that changes the world. 

Starting around March 2016, weird stuff started happening. Deletions, bannings, without rhyme or reason, arbitrary, inexplicable, began consuming posts. Not just spam or troll posts, but legitimate issues of community concern. Moderation at s4p, to put it bluntly, started going off, then went completely off the rails. Too much growth too fast? Trolling? Shills? All of these were present  had been present for many months -- but around March, the treatment turned out to be much worse than the disease. 

Like scything through wheat, massive waves of deletions were wiping out virtually all posts and posters. Perhaps one post in ten was permitted to be seen by the community at large. The subreddit became /r/PhoneBankCentral. Instead of discussion, support, strategizing, planning, educating -- about the primary, about the issues, about the world -- if you werent phone banking, s4p did not care (unless it was a moderator post). Ideas, constructive criticism, questions for the general community  all were denied a voice to others who wanted to see them. S4p, an verdant oasis of enthusiasm, synergy, compassion, became instead a sucking swamp. 

Posts made late at night (after the moderators had gone to bed) rapidly gained thousands of upvotes and hundreds of comments in the thin air of the midnight hours. This was prima facie evidence that the topic and issues under discussion were relevant, pertinent to the community at large, and that there was a desperate cry for debate. But, first thing in the morning (Eastern Time). . . snip. Never happened. And the daytime community never knew what had been discussed, nor did they have a chance to participate. 

In many ways, the s4p community was mirroring (in a horrifying way) precisely what was taking place before our eyes in the DNC, the Democratic Establishment, and the main stream media  s4p was putting out a distorted message, blacking out coverage of essential topics, and denying any conversation on the things that the community needed to talk about, share, and question. 

When the convention happened, and Bernie threw his support to HRC, this place was no longer recognizable. The swamp became a desert. Anything not toeing the DNC Hillary line was ruthlessly deleted. It was like living in a totalitarian state: there was one truth, and that was the truth of Hillary. Criticism  even constructive criticism -- was strictly disallowed. There was no room for debate. Questions were not allowed. 

An exodus followed. The most passionate, prolific activists and posters went on to found alternative Bernie subreddits (/r/WayOfTheBern being one). s4p was an echo chamber that spoke to few outside the HRC spin cycle. Truth was, s4p was already dying long before ctr showed up. 

Three months ago the decision was made to shut s4p down. No one knows who made the decision. Certainly the community was not consulted. The active posters who contributed mightily to grow s4p to 200,000+ subscribers were not permitted any say in the matter. Long-time contributors begged the moderators not to shut it down  especially in the middle of a devastatingly bewildering election. True to form, the pleas of a passionate community were utterly ignored. Ignoring the needs of the community, ignoring the wishes and pleading of its constituency, turning its back on the dire need for a sane and central voice in the midst of the election fiasco chaos, and casting the Bernie supporters to the wind, s4p shut down. Closed its doors. Hasta la vista, baby (Oh. And vote for a woman president! -- No! Not that one! The other one!). 

Now, s4p appears to be making noises about reopening its doors, welcoming back all its former members, and reliving its glory days. 

In preparing and reviewing this sordid and painful history (yes  it really did hurt), I, speaking for myself, have just one thing to say: No thanks. 

The reopening of s4p has the potential to cause tremendous long-term damage. Unless moderation is drastically changed (meaning a complete changover in moderators), such a move dilutes and diverts scarce resources into a community that has demonstrated utter tone deafness for the needs of its constituents (kinda like the whole Democratic campaign, if ya think about it). Just like main stream media looking for relevance after totally failing at their one job, we are invited back to let bygones be bygones, look toward a new future, and trust us again. No thanks. 

Our new communities  the ones we fled to, and worked hard to nurture and grow, are active, nimble, and relevant. We have a voice. We decide what is important to the community. We have a vote. We have a say. Can the same be said of a revived s4p? 

If anyone wishes to add to this history, or remembers things differently, your contribution is welcome. 

TL/DR: A story of soaring love and crushing loss, breathtaking beauty and baffling ugliness, about becoming the evil you fight, and how a subreddit just not that into you can teach great truths about betrayal. 





>Chariman of Outreach

A symbolic position. He is already doing that without a title. He got rused by the DNC yet again!
This is a bullshit post, a throwaway by DNC leadership in a lame attempt to appease Sanders supporters. Fuck the DNC.

Downvoted.
UNACCEPTABLE. unless bernie says otherwise. 
Anything less than Minority Leader is a joke. Bernie Sanders is the de facto leader of what remains of the Democratic Party, and yet hes being given a meaningless title with no power behind it.

He didnt even get Schumers vacated position, the #3 position in the Senate, let alone Whip at #2 or what he *really* deserves, #1 Minority Leader.

This is after protesters held a sit-in at Schumers office demanding he drop out and Bernie be given the position.

Any interpretation of the results of this election that doesnt conclude that the electorate widely and unambiguously **rejected** the politics of neoliberalism and business as usual is just the DNC fooling itself. Schumer is a career politician championed by Wall Street. He represents everything that the public hates. The Democrats make him leader and their figurehead at their own peril.
Makes sense for them, as they want the guy who motivated millions of voters to register and be active, who still has near-universal adoration from his supporters, to be running the "marketing" end of things. Does it make sense for him, since he has so many issues with the party? Maybe not.
He needs to be given more power than this. It's a start, but it's not enough.
What does this position do?
If the Democratic Party wants to exist in the future and not slip into obscurity like the Republican Party is doing, they need to embrace millennials. 
I just realized this wasn't a r/politics thread...

It's fucking good to be back! Can we have dank memes thus time around??
I can't wait to see this sub active again. We need to be Bernie dialing against all these appointees. 
Not good enough.
So when is this sub opening ? Why hasn't it opened so far ?
I want to believe 
WE NEED TO REUNITE THE BAND PEOPLE.

WE ARE STRONGER TOGETHER AND WE HAVE THE TIME TO TURN THIS WHOLE SHIP AROUND.

WE CAN DO THIS AND BE PROUD OF OURSELVES IN 2020, WHETHER ITS SANDERS OR SOMEBODY SIMILIAR IN HIS PLACE 
This is a meaningless position designed to try and lure young people back into the Dem party...
***HE WILL STOP TRUMP AND THE BOURGEOISIE, MAKING MARIJUANA LEGAL AND GIVING THE MEANS OF PRODUCTION TO THE REAL WORKERS.***

/s (maybe not)
This is good news to stop Trump's corruption and nazi loving buddies.
Can we reopen the sub?
https://www.c-span.org/networks/standalone/?autoplay

BEST AUDIO^^^
You don't need "outreach" if your ideas are good people will find you as they found Bernie during the primary.  Don't let the party use you again Bernie!
im leaving this until this sub is opened again. i'm not gonna let you use this community for your own benefit only. 
Checked back here on Reddit to see the sub has become alive (well, sort of). CHEERS! :) 
In Bernie we trust.
So does this mean S4P is reopened?
Perfect example of, "Give them this token position so they think they got something," but don't actually give them real power.
Welp, this sub is back on now.
It's time for him to call out the DNC. Until he starts talking about the real problem nothing is going to change. It's time to name names.
DNC is cancer
[deleted]
[deleted]
Hey you knuckle-head just re open the sub
Just realized I'm still subscribed to this sub... How depressing the whole election season ended up being :(.
Token post. No power authority or influence. Basically head cheerleader for the DNC.
Sanders is a complete wimp. He sold out to hrc for this?
Is he going to filibuster Republican bills and nominee's that are bad?
Let's hope he [stays true to his words](https://www.youtube.com/embed/ZNuHRyip3iA) this time around.
DNC:  Save us Bern Kenobi. You are our only hope.

Or something to that effect...
<3 I'm so happy

Edit: that this sub as semi-reopened. I think the DNC is trying to appease us with this appointment. 
Without Bernie in an actual role versus an 'outreach' position the Dems won't get my vote. 
Appeasement.
We might of lost short term but really long term we are winning.
> Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) is joining the ranks of Senate Democratic leadership next year. 

Here's a question I've had for a few weeks and haven't seen an article quoting him as (I-Vt.) to quote about: has he rescinded his Democratic party membership? Does this mean I can, too?
I get the feeling alot of people in here don't understand that this is the executive position Bernie requested. It's an ideal fit and very important considering he went from independent to chairman of the Democratic party.
Our Revolution: Tune in to Bernie's speech about the future of our country under the presidency of Donald Trump. Watch tonight at 7pm ET/ 4pm PT: ourrev.us/Live
I thought this sub was r/sandersforpresident, not r/SandersForleadershippost

Still a good move, though
That's fine but I'm more interested who who chairs the DCCC and DSCC. We need someone who will recruit progressive candidates for Congress. Refusing to help progressive candidates is one of the most effective ways Clinton Democrats kept the party conservative.
Here we go! Feel the bern 
One and done Bernie.
I think this will be on Cspan2 guys. I see Bernie behind the person who's up there now 

Edit: nvm 
People need to chill out until they hear his speech everyone getting all up in arms about his position in the DNC hasn't even heard his reasoning yet
Can't watch! Site is congested!
To everyone asking about the reopening of the sub they are testing the waters currently, if you want ypur voice to be heard click on the link that /u/ writingtoss provided to a discussion thread on how this sub should run and operate, we have plenty of suggestions already but please let your voice be heard :)


If he gets the chance to continue to bring more young progressive voters into the party like he did during the primary, except this time in a leadership role in the DNC and with more than a few months of time to do it, then that could likely lead to a progressive like him winning the nomination in 4 years.
Good deal, need to mix it up a little and I think the bern will do just that. New blood kinda in power role instead of the same old thought process. What about pelosi's position? I half assed looked for a post about it but I must have missed it. She says she has the votes to keep her role but they're pushing for someone else to step in. Hard decision I guess. Everything could potential restructure some. Interesting times to be around for
Sure. 
Nice participation ribbon.
What happens if DNC doesn't give us Ellison? Just a hypothetical scenario (I hope). What are the options then?
A bit off topic, I know, but when can we start referring to Trump as Dolan instead of Donald?
And they said this would only happen if Hillary were elected. Ha!

You show them, Bernie!
Who, why and how decided to reopen this sub? Do they really believe Sanders still can run for president again regarding his age? Regarding DNC is still just using him as a bait wothout any real prospects for powerful position?
Holy shit. I'm literally not represented in government at all as a leftist. What a scary realization. 

How can we make the Green Party relevant guys?
u/writingtoss, is the mod team banning people from crossposting to other subs?
[The DNCs Record of losses Under Obama / Kaine / Wasserman Schultz](https://www.reddit.com/r/WayOfTheBern/comments/5dye65/the_dncs_record_of_losses_under_obama_kaine/)
Whoooooooo! So exciting! Bernie is everywhere continuing the fight. On every news channel, on his book tour, in editorials. 3 new posts to this subreddit. I see hope. We see the light!!
Please call your reps and area chairs and demand it.
I miss you guys.  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JSgQf4fgtA

#stillBerning
Sanders 2020! Make America better again.
Of course the establishment is trying to make us go away by giving him some token position. Fuck em all. They'll get what's coming to em. 
Love seeing this Reddit back open again! Sanders 2020!
Extremely bad stream unfortunately 
fucking joke here, you sell cupcakes at the school fair.....
I'd really like it if he broke away from the democrats entirely and started his own faction in congress. Maybe he can convince some dems to jump ship?
It's such a bullshit, made up position though :(
Should have never endorsed that crook
Bernie led us astray. He promised to fight for the nomination at the convention. He didn't.

He could have made the case to the delegates and the superdelegates that he had a much better chance than Hillary of defeating Trump.

Moreover, he could have presented overwhelming evidence of election fraud that could have destroyed the Hillary campaign.

He chose to do neither and left us to the DNC thugs.

He had no business running for the Presidency if he wasn't willing to risk the death of himself and/or his family. The stakes for the People of planet Earth are that high right now. The dynastic plutocratic families, the corporate oligarchs, and the international banksters, many of whom are zionists (like the neocons and members of AIPAC) and/or members of secret societies, are wreaking havoc all over the world.

It is clear now that Bernie had no intention of winning and was protecting Hillary and the DNC from the beginning. He lied to us when he said that Hillary would "make an outstanding president".

Bernie carries the baggage of a party that drove a knife in our backs, spit in our faces, and then laughed all the way to the bank about it.

Chris Hedges and Ralph Nader expose Bernie Sanders.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpppsy2xG0M

i supported Bernie from the beginning of his campaign to the convention because he was progressive on a lot of issues.

However, he made it clear that he was not progressive on all the major issues of today.

For instance, Bernie has done everything within his power to keep the myth of Islamic terrorism alive.

He never questions the U.S. governments unconditional support of Israeli acts of genocide and ethnic cleansing against the Palestinians.

He supports Saudi war crimes in Yemen.

He voted for arming fascists in the Ukraine.

He said he would freeze the assets of Russia in order to force Putin to get out of Crimea in spite of the fact that over 90% of the people voted to rejoin Russia.

Bernie supports $3.5 billion aid to Israel, which is terrorist nation #2 in the world today.

We've seen many people suggest that Bernie Sanders is good on Palestine. In reality, his positions are consistently pro-Israel:
1. He called on the UN to rescind the Goldstone report, which detailed Israel's of targeting Palestinian civilians in Gaza.
2. He opposes Israel ending its illegal occupation.
3. He calls for the US to veto any UN resolution on Palestinian statehood.
4. After college he spent several months on an Israeli kibbutz and apparently didn't notice Israel's oppression of Palestinians; he doesn't seem to have ever spoken out on this.
5. In 2008, Sanders was a co-sponsor of a Senate resolution to recognize the 60th anniversary of Israels founding.
6. According to the Forward, in Vermont, a small group of AIPAC-linked activists "have Sanders ear on Israel-related matters. Yoram Samets, a Burlington businessman and a member of AIPACs national council, said that he has been in touch with Sanders for the past decade."
7. He defended Israel during a meeting with constituents who were angry about Israel's latest Gaza massacre, told them to "shut up," and hinted that he would call the police on them.
8. He objected to a radio caller who raised the Mearsheimer-Walt book on the Israel Lobby and called the neocon-Israel connection to the Iraq war a "conspiracy theory"

Bernie Sanders Says US 'Kill List' Legal, Backs Troops in Syria.
http://www.telesurtv.net/english/news/Bernie-Sanders-Says-US-Kill-List-Legal-Backs-Troops-in-Syria-20160426-0017.html

Bernie Sanders Troubling History of Supporting US Military Violence Abroad. Why aren't we talking about Sanders' foreign policy more?
http://www.alternet.org/election-2016/bernie-sanders-troubling-history-supporting-us-military-violence-abroad

Sanders: I wouldnt end drone program.
http://thehill.com/policy/national-security/252270-sanders-i-wouldnt-end-drone-program

Jeremy Scahill: Clinton is Legendary Hawk, But Sanders Shouldn't Get Pass on Role in Regime Change.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nswznyccyTg

Bernie Sanders selling out is nothing new. In 2010, Ron Paul explained how Bernie Sanders gutted the Audit the Fed bill.
https://www.facebook.com/EndTheFed.Org/videos/1711038082489556/

During the 1990s, the not-so independent Congressman Sanders voted for and/or otherwise supported:
* Economic sanctions that killed more than a million Iraqi civilians
* Every U.S. bombing of Iraq from 1992 on
* The sending of U.S. military units to Kuwait and Saudi Arabia to threaten Iraq because we cannot tolerate aggression
* The objectively racist and mass-incarcerationist Federal Crime bill.
* Every US intervention since elected to CongressIraq, Somalia, Haiti, Bosnia, Liberia, Zaire (Congo), Albania, Sudan, Afghanistan and Yugoslavia.
http://www.counterpunch.org/2015/07/21/bernie-out-of-the-closet-sanders-longstanding-deal-with-the-democrats/

Why Did Bernie Sanders Get Gaza So Wrong?
http://iakn.us/1RG8Fjg

Bernie voted for the invasion and bombing of Gaza.
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10152843040432686&set=a.10150426022822686.358196.512392685&type=1

Bernie Sanders town hall gives US party line when confronted https://youtu.be/Vf2cCdgwgoM

Bernie squandered an opportunity to be bold and be the leader we wanted and needed. A braveheart would have accepted the invitation to run with Jill Stein. He obviously had little faith in the power of the People to get him elected.

Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
This is 5 hours in and I just got here, is this still going for real?
Side Note: Fire whoever is in charge of the audio. Dear god is this a live stream from someone in the crowd's cell phone?
Ned Flanders in senate and not in the white house just like it's supposed to be
Not going to make one bit of difference. Sad to say. 
This forum was flooded with people saying " I voted for Bernie now I am voting for Trump". Makes me sick that someone can actually say that and now they are happy Bernies back?     


**Remember what you did.**
I think Bernie would be a great leader if he were to form a platform on finance and hire someone that understands the economy. His many comments don't make sense and the American economy is teetering on a depression right now.
Why is this still a sub?
[removed]
[A thread for discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Political_Revolution/comments/5cycwz/meta_rsandersforpresident/)
Looks like this sub is finally back.  Good to see 
u/writingtoss please tell us whats happening with this sub.

edit:  Seriously, this is one of the largest and most active subs for Bernie before the primaries, and now that the dems have lost everything, its more important than ever to have a centralized place to organize and support the political revolution.  There are like 10 different subreddits - wayofthebern, political_revolution, berniesanders and more and we must NOT split ourselfs up like that.  Please open this sub back up and keep it as the core community to build grassroots organizing and promoting local to national races.
This sub needs to fully reopen now that the elections are over.

It has the most influence of any grass-roots subreddit, and it's never to early to start up for 2020.  Whether it's Bernie or not, the next president needs to be someone who shares his vision for this country.  This is where we start.
America needed a fire under its ass to really start Berning!
Good. Leadership under DWS and Brazille has been terrible, and we need to bring some new blood in. 
YESSS!!! S4P is back, Bernie's candidate is running for DNC chair! Good day! Great day! What a lovely day!

Bernie is shiny and chrome!
I love today
[We're Back Baby!](http://i.imgur.com/l3RQDTD.jpg)
Hate to sound sappy but screw it, no one will see this. I'm a African American veteran with PTSD. Trump winning really messed with me and made me feel worse than I already did. Opening this thread has replaced that extra anxiety and feeling of impending doom with a fire. A rage I haven't felt in some time. For the first time in awhile. I'm driven!  Let's get Ellison in as DNC head and after, let's stop Trump in 2018. I know the odds are against us with dems being mostly up for reelection. But I think we may have a chance to flip some states. Like my home state of Texas.

I haven't smiled this much in a long while. 


I just jumped up and started vigorously punching the air in celebration.  

Man, Elison announcing his run with backing from both progressives and establishment democrats, along with this sub being back up, has gotten me so pumped!

**LET'S DO THIS! IT'S TIME FOR A REVOLUTION!**
Good to see this sub back up...  It was a horrible decision to close it.
The boys are back in town.
To everyone: they literally just re-opened.  They're probably figuring out how the handle the place without trolls taking over and how to best guide the sub to progressive causes.  Chill on the conspiracies for at least a day or two.
Please let this be the start to the revival of this sub. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!

I have had a knot in my stomach for a long time. The Reopening of this sub would ease the knot in my stomach just a little bit.
The beacons have been lit. And the progressives will answer. 
Reasons to support Rep Ellison:

A. Impartiality: the DNC will not survive another rigged primary, the first responsability of the DNC chair is to run a fair primary in 2020. 

Despite being a Sanders supporter Keith Ellison was respectuous and fair with Clinton during the primary. Howard Dean was neither of those things with Sanders.

B. A middle class, blue collar background, born and raised in the rust belt.

He shows respect and relates to the working poor a demografic that has been left out of the Democratic party, even more than the middle class:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NyAzmmp4PEI

C. Foresight and vision (video from August 2015):

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHkPadFK34o


It feels so good to be back home.
FOCUS. ON. MIDTERM. ELECTIONS. 

2020 is a long time away. We will likely have momentum right off the bat if the Trump presidency is as horrible as expected. 2018 midterms set the stage for a take over in 2020. What's at stake in 2020 you ask? The census results, for one, which will allow for the correction of horrible republican gerrymandering. Also the possibility of multiple Supreme Court justice openings. 2018 gets the ball rolling, gets everyone "warmed up", gets the name and the movement and the message out there again, and helps 2020 turn from a possible success to a true progressive takeover. 
Don't know how you keep so on the ball of everything, /u/writingtoss.

I have high hopes for Ellison's success in representing the democrats and keeping the people's issues at the fore.  No doubt he's coming with a cleaner suit than Dirty Debbie ended up in.
Once more unto the breach, dear friends.
I hope everyone gets involved in their local politics and doesn't give up on the democratic party.  There's a huge vacuum right now, let's fill it with Berners!
Ahh finally. Now I can get some political news that's not whitewashed (some people take offense to this term, so I'll change it to bluewashed) or redwashed.
If Trump manages to not completely turn the country upside-down, him winning was probably one of the best things to happen for progressives in politics.
Hot damn I missed this place 
Can we start the hashtag #makethedncgreatagain ?
We must now continue the political revolution! We will finish what Sanders started, all of us, together, for a future to believe in. 
Okay, I need to know why Ellison is everyone's favorite candidate on this sub. I don't see any progressive economic records on his bio on Wikipedia. He appears to be a strong advocate for Muslim-Americans, and some Civil Rights here and there, but there's nothing to show he supports the economic issues Sanders was pushing - i.e. free tuition, single-payer healthcare, regulating Wall St. etc.

I'd much rather have [Tulsi Gabbard](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tulsi_Gabbard#Banking), who has a record of advocating for economic and social issues alike. 

**EDIT:** Everyone has given me really good reasons. Thanks guys.
I'm so glad this sub is back. It's been a shit week and I needed something to make me feel happy again 
Seeing this sub again in my /all/ feed just brightened my day...hoping for something big in 2020 (or something absolutely insane for this year's EC :P)! Go Ellison!
Glad to see progressives taking steps towards cleaning the dnc house.
What are the mods waiting for? open it already. :/ 
Good. Let's do what we can to make it happen. It's time for the Democratic Party to embrace bold, confident progressives and start fighting for ideas that people are willing to come out and vote for. Keith Ellison heading the DNC would be a great way for the Democrats to start growing a backbone again. We need people like him, Bernie Sanders, Tulsi Gabbard, Elisabeth Warren and Nina Turner, among many others, to lead the Democratic Party away from their corporate donors, and being paid to be weak and losers, and back to the American people. Be strong. State your ideas and back them up. Fight for those ideas in all 50 states. Dare to dream, dare to be bold, dare to inspire. The cause is right and the time is now.
Fuck yes I love this sub.
Are we out of CTR's control yet?
Keith is exactly the kind of person we need at the helm of the DNC going forward. With his leadership, I believe we'll stand a fighting chance to expand our revolution during the 2018 midterm elections. 
It begins...The first step to realizing Bernie's revolution!
Anyone have a list of who else has announced or is considering running? I know of Jaime Harrison and Howard Dean, both lobbyists.
I'm so happy that s4p has reopened. Are you planning to open it fully so we can all have important conversations and pass along information?  I think we did quite well when it was fully open to everyone the first time around...we are so excited that the political revolution is not dead.
Good to be back guys and gals :)
BROTHERS AND SISTERS. The work begins.
Well well well. It sure is a sight for sore eyes to see this sub on my front page this morning. :D
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keith_Ellison?wprov=sfsi1

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/11/11/why-some-democrats-think-keith-ellison-a-congressman-youve-probably-never-heard-of-is-the-answer-to-donald-trump/

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/powerpost/wp/2015/12/13/the-most-prominent-muslim-elected-official-in-america-sees-a-message-of-hope-in-trumps-weakness/

https://www.thenation.com/article/keith-ellison-is-the-leader-the-dnc-needs/
So are you going to re-open this sub or not? We need to start organizing *now*. The sooner the better.
How about a post talking about this subreddit and it's future
I know this isn't contributing much to the discussion, but I'm here to voice my opinion that this sub should be re-opened as quickly as possible.  A community of this size with this kind of support should not be discarded.  We need to come together now more than ever to affect the progressive changes we need across the entire government, and Bernie is leading our charge.

It's good to be back S4P.
Is this some kind of midnight dream FANTASY or was this subreddit actually resurrected? Oh my god, Someone hold me if it is. I love it here. Who do i thank for this
I see some progressives who don't think Ellison is progressive enough.... realize this is the most progressive person we have a chance at getting to lead the DNC.  It's going to be him or Dean... and he is better by miles. 
Can we reopen the sub now?
I hate to be the one.... can't help think why should anyone trust this sub anymore?  It had 200k subscribers and was shut down.

I want to give a shoutout to subs that kept going through the primary even when this was shutdown for what many would consider uncleared controversy...   

r/stillsandersforpres  r/wayofthebern

# dontletpayoffsshutitdownagain
[OHHHHH YEAHHHHHHHH](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OG_6CopW9GQ)
Doodley doodley do I'm so happy SandersforPresident is here for me and you
this is beautiful!!! we need to start the focus on the midterms! time to turn the tide
Holy shit, we're back!?
Boom goes the dynamite. 
So happy to have my Reddit home back :)
When you hear a bunch of negativity about him, check any point in his twitter feed. The guy spends his day being positive, and trying to help anyone in his community.
This may sound corny af but during the primaries I used to love coming to this sub and actually feeling like I was part of something 
I think there will be discussion of how HRC is to blame for trump. But there will be MORE discussion on how Bernie can lead us through this mess and how much we are willing to listen. 

Let it ride itself out. Let the people speak and let the tide naturally turn. 
[deleted]
L A N D S L I D E
Let's make it happen.
Words cannot begin to describe how happy I am that this sub is back. Let's make something of it!
So happy to see some new activity in this sub!! P_R is ok.. but nowhere near the momentum as this sub. Feels good, man!
Does anyone know how many signatures Bernie's petition has now? I know it was at like 250k at the beginning of the weekend and they were aiming for 500k by today.
Year 1: Rebuild the DNC. 

Year 2: Midterms, 1st political revolution tide.

Year 3: Calm before the storm.

Year 4: Primary & elections. Sanders for President.

What does not kill you make you stronger.
This is step one of a long journey to making the Democratic party the party of the people again. 

Its not some crazy far left wing. Sanders' party is a natural evolution of FDR's party. The Clinton's stole it for a while, but we're taking it back. 

Also - open up r/SandersForPresident - whoever we elect is going to carry the spirit of this amazing man who's fought for the left when everyone else abandoned it for the center. 
Yessssssss it's back open!
Woah this sub exists again!!
I've missed you, you beautiful human beings.
I'm so glad this sub is back. 
LETS MAKE SOME PROGRESS!!!!
WAHOO!!! OPEN IT FULLY!!!
About time :) 
Yes, Bring back the sub!!

I missed this sub so much. It's good to be back.
I do not understand why this sub is still not open. Closing it was a blunder and delaying the reopening of this just shows that most mods are still in the pocket of Establishment Democrats. 
We're getting the band back together??
Hey guys, what can I do to help Rep. Ellison's run?
Asked about Dean's bid, Bilbray said she didn't have anything against the former DNC chairman but that there needs to be "fresh leadership with new ideas."
"I believe very strongly that the Sanders base is the future of our Democratic party, that is where the party's going between the millennials and Gen-Xers," Bilbray said. "They want new ideas and I think Ellison represents that. Dean is a good man but he comes from a different era."
Do the super delegates get to decide this one too? 
I wish Ellison well, if he goes in there firing on all cylinders, then so be it. We must hold him accountable though, if he even attempts to side with corporations we will be there to remind him. 
u/writingtoss Can you please re-open this sub
lol, just below:

> Howard Dean on DNC chair: 'This is not something I have to do'

That sounded quite a little different only two days ago.
Hellooooo
The Bern is back
I just read an article that Ellison is part of an org that is founded by a Soros child?
/r/sandersforpresident as is /r/politicalrevolution is cool, but /r/politics was just straight shit leading up to the election. 
We're baaaack
Ellison for president 2020!
Ellison for DNC chair!

Join us at /r/OurPresident, a community that is following Bernie's lead in taking over the Democratic Party, and organizing for another progressive Presidential run in 2020.
Can people stop bitching about mod only posts? This wasn't even open a few days ago and now we are all discussing Bernie here again. Obviously there isn't some conspiracy or there wouldn't even be an open sub. 
Why this sub again? He isn't running for president (yet). Why don't we just keep it in /r/political_revolution
Fuck this sub, it shut down at the worst time.
This is an issue that Berniecrats should fight for vigorously. We all saw how much power the DNC chair has, especially once elections come around again.

Sign the petition, email your congressmen and congresswomen!
WE BACK! Still hope!
Can someone either explain to me or point me in the right direction on how the DNC chair is elected and how I can help out?
I feel a lot better now that this sub is finally back! Real progressives can now have a voice!
This couldn't be a better choice ! 
Glad we're back...*kinda*
For DNC chair it sounds like a good pick, I trust Sander's judgement here.

Just glad it's not for a bigger role, I think trying to get a black muslim elected outside of a very liberal Minnesota 5th district would be to much to ask right now.
If for no other reason:

https://youtu.be/FHkPadFK34o
We need a genius of a selection for this position now more than ever. If we can't get God to accept the position as chair of the DNC then we need to ask Jesus, otherwise we need the next best thing. Can this guy save liberal democracy?
So does Donna Brazile remain as the DNC chair until a new chair is named?
Is this the guy that tried way too hard to be a bad ass at the DNC convention?
I feel like we're up and running again. Hopefully this sleeping giant progressive base will rise up and change the world. 
Kick the tires and light some fires something something. Let's get this shit started!
We need to unite around common leadership.  The problem the left has had in the US is an unwillingness to connect with each other and make some compromises with other people on the left. 
Sanders for VP
Can he do both his job and congress and a job as dnc head at 100%?  We need 100% punt of both right now. 
I'm not crazy about him, but if he can be trusted to clean up the dnc I'm all for it
YAAAAAAY it's alive!!
Tulsi!
So all DNC members get to vote on this? Who are the DNC members? I assume all elected democrats, and then a bunch of others not holding office? 
Let's do it!!!
Man, I missed this place. I felt like I didn't have that group to discuss with anymore.
I hope the new democratic party remembers the white lower class. 

Those people in vermont voted trump in sad hopes of getting their coal miner jobs back.  It breaks my heart that those good people won't get their lives back. They are living in poverty and it's underreported. They are left behind by a system and the media that refuses to shed light on them.
Is this sub open again?
Awesome to see activity here again! We need it now more than ever.
I drove from CA to Philly to protest the DNC.A group of us were talking about sweet revenge. One of the topics was Tim Canova heading up the DNC. Still sounds sweet. That would be righteous!
Why can't I submit posts?
And he'd better fucking get it!
We all need to do our part and get out to our local democrat party organizations with the message that we won't stand for corporate democracy and the progressives are taking over.  The corporate democracy of the past few years is literally killing the party.


In my county and legislative district the whole leadership team is up for reelection in December. Bernie progressives are taking over those positions. We outnumber them if we come out and overturn the party from the bottom up. It's our only shot to win in 2018 and 2020. 
Why is the sub locked down? This sub should be reopen so more people can participate in it.
After all is said and done, it is a tragedy at this crucial time to have to waste four years. 
He is so awesome! I had a chance to meet him a year or two ago.

TRUTH, He is the difference that party position needs. He is vouched by Bernie, he is a Minnesotan, a Muslim American black man with incredible experience and respect to members of all walks of life and all worldviews and has an understanding for what positive and beneficial decisions need to be made in order to make those "for the greater good" changes that are the necessity to a strong and capable people who are empowered by their countries fair and honest democracy.
So does Rep stands for Republican? If so does that mean Republican candidate is going to be DNC chair?
Everyone's saying this sub is 'back' but it's still archived. I'll believe it if I see it.
No, just no. More establishment control if this guy gets in. Bend the Arc PAC is controlled by Alex Soros, and Ellison is a member of this group & best buddies with Alex. Yeah... but nope. 
Don't get too excited.  Even if they open the sub back up, they'll shut it back down immediately if ordered to.  The mods obviously know what's best for thousands of us.   
To everyone asking about the reopening of the sub they are testing the waters currently, if you want ypur voice to be heard click on the link that /u/ writingtoss provided to a discussion thread on how this sub should run and operate, we have plenty of suggestions already but please let your voice be heard :)
Hopefully the democrats will start to accept their so called "strategy" as being utter bullshit . If they don't push for progressive agendas and progressives (highly doubt it as of now) then they'll not only gonna loose to Trump again , but also lose support and implode completely. So either they're gonna grow a fucking spine or a new progressive party will emerge.
isn't he a Nation of Islam supporter? 
Is this subreddit going to unrestrict submissions?
I've been out of touch, what happened to that Canova guy that was being rooted for?
Uhhhhh isn't he connected directly to Podesta?
MORE FACEBANKING, MORE PHONEBANKING. WE CAN WIN THIS! SANDERS WILL WIN!
[removed]
Oh no this sub is back
[deleted]
i'm sad you guys weren't around to help us get HRC elected, but i'm glad to have you back.  let's kick some republican ass in 2018 and 2020.  
[deleted]
So Clinton gets trounced by white males w/o college degrees and the fix is to put a black Muslim in charge of the DNC?  Sounds like a plan.
I just don't see the Democrats to allow it to be taken over so easy. This election was clearly set up for Trump to win. Democrats allowed it. 

If we do get real progressives to take it over, it might be too late. I think that is why it s important that we keep the pressure on them with protests/boycotts now and until Trump is gone and progressives get some real push control of the way this country is going.

I'm seeing a few progressives that are actually against this guy on my FB. I have no idea what's going on.
I'm sure a Muslim DNC chair will excite all those white working class folks Bernie is always talking about 
lol what a joke http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/11/13/to-repair-dnc-progressives-get-behind-rep-ellison-who-blames-trump-not-dems.html


yeah just elect more people who don't realize why you lost
Democrats doubling down on their losing strategy. Unfortunate to see, I had hopes fornmore legitimate leadership instead of the same garbage. 
I believe in the strength of the American melting pot but the general electorate just made a statement.  Following up a cheater with a Muslim is a bad idea, I don't care who he is.
[removed]
[removed]
[A thread for discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Political_Revolution/comments/5cycwz/meta_rsandersforpresident/)
I missed this place so much!
Are we reopening this subreddit?
I didn't even notice I was at Sanders for President, it felt so natural.
We reopened?!

I feel like I've come back home 
It's time to stop saying I told you so, and start saying, this is where we go from here.

Edit: as my phone beeps like it hasn't beeped in months with S4P replies, I have more hope than I've had in a long long time y'all. Not gonna lie, someone's chopping onions. 
Being back here feels right.
Ahhh it feels good
I'm glad this place is back up
Yes! I havent felt this politically motivated since the primaries. Great time to reopen.
Just being in this sub again... My heart is so full. 
Woo Sanders for president 2020
Can Bernie be minority leader? I thought he goes back to being an Independent after the primaries/election? 
I missed this place.
Welcome back everyone, let's save this country.
Sanders has been such a "light in the darkness" these past few days after the election. I was feeling pretty let-down by the results, and while I was facebook-shitposting he was out drafting up massive reforms to the Democratic Party and setting us up to shove the Revolution forward. Thanks Bernie, keep us on track
Oh hey guys, where you been? I missed you.
Back on track! 

Is it nostalgia? Is it familiar purpose? 

Doesn't matter. **Get out there and do the right thing.**

Participate, engage, listen. Let's make our individual spheres better places and the world will follow. 
I still Feel the Bern.
Didn't even realize this was SandersForPresident. Man, it's like slipping on a nice old pair of shoes. 
I'm feeling revitalized. I haven't felt like this ever since Bernie had lost New York. 

The winds are changing, friends. Just like we predicted.  Now others like Chuck Schumer and Harry Reid are starting to see it. Now we've got to put in the work.

Let's show them what a political revolution looks like.
This is long overdue! Finally!
We back? Sisters and brothers...I missed you, now let's get to work. 
Time to get back to the grind, everyone! 

It's gonna be a tough four years. But we're gonna have a lot of great accomplishments to look back on in 2020 ;) 
Hello again brothers.
Wow, is it back?? I see that submissions is still restricted? Are you guys opening it back up? Please do. 
DO NOT SIGN THIS (unless you like spam)

Here's why: http://bernieforleader.com/privacy-policy/

This is not Bernie or Our Revolution, this is someone (middleseat.co, a digital marketer with a no-info homepage hiding behind a privacy guard) picking up your contact information by setting up a site that mimics the style we're all used to. That privacy policy is garbage for various reasons I'll let others explain to you, but anything where they give free license to 3rd parties to "carry out their duties" is an extreme red flag. They can sell your data, and nothing on the site promises what they will do with your info to make Bernie the minority leader.

Can I 1000% confirm you'll be spammed as a result? No, but I used to be postmaster for billions of emails a year in the legislative and political worlds - these sort of sites were setup for data mining, not issue advocacy.
You guys are still around? Nice!
It is time to put aside identity politics, outrage culture and pet causes. We are officially in a fight for the future of the planet and we must all come together. 

Change happens when the people demand it.

The people just demanded it. For the past 2 years we have felt change in the air. And we were right. Change won.

The winds of change are now invigorated by the fires of chaos. Now is not the time for more fuel to that fire. As Bernie said, we should want to work with the other side and President-elect Trump to do everything we can to improve the lives of working people. 

We must also rebuild the Democratic party. 

So let's get moving folks. Get offline and get active. Start writing letters. Attend meetings. 2018 should be on everyone's lips.

So confused. And we're back? 

Everyone here should subscribe to r/political_revolution as well
We're back!!!!!
\o/
Is S4P back?!
And we're back!  I feel like I'm in that scene from Battleship (terrible movie, still a guilty pleasure) where they have lost their ship, so they relaunch the USS Missouri and battle the remaining alien forces using an old school battleship. "Lets drop some lead on those motherf... FIRE"
I thought Senator Sanders preferred to be the leader of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee if all choices were available?

Can he serve as the leader of the HELP Committee, Senate Minority Leader, and represent his fellow Vermonters?
Need to reopen the sub and allow for submissions again.
It has been a dark few months... glad to have this place back in action. Fuck the DNC corruption, it's their fault the Democrats lost the presidency, house, and senate. We have work to do.
Wow is this sub back?
Let us kick start something YUUUGE!!!
We're back?!  We're back!
While I'm excited about the rest of you about the possibility of this sub re-opening, and support the idea behind this post 100%--

--who is this site affiliated with? Who am I sending my email to? Yes, I see the tiny link at the bottom to the twitter account, but this site needs more information, not just a blind submission form.
#REOPEN THE SUBREDDIT 
Hopefully CTR doesn't take this sub over.
I love how we immediatly take over /r/all again
Bernie 2020.  No better time than the present.  

Let's finish what we started.
I don't want him to be the minority leader because I think he can do better elsewhere, but I do want to show the world that he has a ton of support still, to keep the understanding that there are people out there who want good representation, so I signed.

Also, welcome back everyone!
Yes - SandersForPresident is back!!! I'm sick of seeing the_donald. Let the world know that reddit isn't an alt right haven!

Bernie will actually drain the swamp, not fill it with rotting sewage.
I'm so glad that this sub looks like it's reopening. P_R is a decent sub, but I feel like it lost the focus and general benevolence that this original sub could provide. Vive la revolution!
as a preface I like trump but think it's terrible how the DNC sabotaged bernie's campaign, we were robbed of a truly interesting election, and got one marred by media bias and spin instead.

regardless who you support, we dont need the clinton foundation or corruption to dictate policy.  we need good people in politics, part of the reason trump won is cause he was an outsider, like sanders.  republicans said no to another bush, democrats should do the same for the clintons.
So...we're back??
Whoa my sandwich is still here!

*Takes a bite*

Why'd I do that!?
Really, you should really re-open this sub. 10k upvotes in 2 hours (guesstimate), you're wasting a huge promotional tool otherwise.
Just remember for the next 4 years, this is not normal
It's nice to be back, but does everyone else remember how this sub closed? It was forced shut, against the wishes of many many members, because Hillary won and it was seen as a threat that people weren't falling in line behind that flawed candidate. I would not be surprised at all to find CTR or the Clinton campaign had something to do with it, it's something I've heard multiple times. Before we take back the Democratic party we need to take back this sub, and put in new mods who don't bow down if Chelsea Clinton decided she wants to try her hand at the presidency.
Seeing this on /r/all makes me feel comfortable again.

Maybe we'll get real stuff done.
bernieforleader.com?

This is random website on the internet collecting emails and zip-codes from Sanders supporters. There is no reason the trust the integrity of this site.
REOPEN OR RIOT
Holy shit the sub is back!
You guys realize that the first post on /r/SandersForPresident/ in over 3 months just hit #1 on /r/all in less than 3 hours?

A slumbering beast has been awoken. The movement is coming.
Well, well. Welcome back, r/Sandersforpresident. Oh, well you look at all the trolls. I guess somethings don't change. Our work is cut out for us now that we have to deal with the corporate Democrats *and* Trump.
WE'RE BACK BABY!!!!
Would love it, but from the man himself:

>Asked who was now the de facto head of the Democratic Party, Sanders replied: Im not into leaders. He has backed Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minnesota) as the next chairman of the Democratic National Committee -- a position that will ultimately say a lot about the future direction of the party.

http://www.cbsnews.com/news/bernie-sanders-on-trump-our-job-now-is-to-hold-him-accountable/
Should have never shut this sub down in the first place, but I'm glad it's back up.  Join /r/political_revolution as a backup.
Being back here feels so right! the PR sub never felt the same
Hello Bern-ness my old friend
Chuck Schumer is an abysmal choice for minority leader 
You know, we should get together and start a revolution or something.
Out of curiosity what is this website affiliated with? 
I teared up seeing this sub open again! Gives me hope! Something to look forward and work toward.

Bernies run was the first time in my 36 years that I believed in a candidate enough to actually do my part and phone bank. I think that a lot of people are like me and the dems would be wise to heed our enthusiasm instead of dismissing it! 
I dont think Bernie being minority leader is the right step but I'm happy this sub is back!
... Is this real life?
please tell me the sub is being re-opened?
What's this? What's this?
I can't believe my eyes!

What's this? What's this? The Bernie's on the rise!

https://youtu.be/GmX0wRODV1A?t=27s
I don't see why this sub shouldn't re open. Sanders hasn't ruled out a run for 2020. 
If he did decided not to run, any progressive candidate he decides to back, I'm sure the majority of this sub would back that candidate anyway. The candidate for 2020 will need as many progressives elected to office in the 2018 mid term elections, so any grass roots campaign (regardless of the name) will make significant steps towards that goal.

Look what this sub and the campaign achieved in just over a year. Imagine what could be achieved in the next 4 years.


Don't you guys think, maybe that this sub being closed during the general and only reopened now, means *something*? It's almost like we weren't allowed to exist as Berners during the general election. That's a real problem. You all need to not be blinded by nostalgia.
This was well over 10k upvotes. What the hell happened?!?
this morning this post had 10k+ upvotes, now 8.6k...  
that saddens me
This post was at over 10,000 upvotes then *mysteriously* got downvoted to hell.

Methinks Trumpers are scared...
I like this feeling
We are back!
Holy shit! Are we back? 
"Submissions Restricted"


Opened reddit today to find a r/SandersForPresident post at the top of the frontpage with 10k+ karma...
 Thought I woke up 9 months in the past.
# No. 1 r/all wow... lol this subreddit should have never been archived. What a fucking shame. 
What is this message? And why is a domain that's supposedly pro Bernie registered in Panama?

Domain Name: BERNIEFORLEADER.COM
Registry Domain ID: 2073924525_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN
Registrar WHOIS Server: WHOIS.ENOM.COM
Registrar URL: WWW.ENOM.COM
Update Date: 2016-11-14T03:53:51.00Z
Creation Date: 2016-11-13T19:53:00.00Z
Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 2017-11-13T19:53:00.00Z
Registrar: ENOM, INC.
Registrar IANA ID: 48
Registrar Abuse Contact Email: ABUSE@ENOM.COM
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +1.4252982646
Reseller: Namecheap.com
Domain Status: REGISTRAR-LOCK
Registry Registrant ID: 
Registrant Name: WHOISGUARD PROTECTED
Registrant Organization: WHOISGUARD, INC.
Registrant Street: P.O. BOX 0823-03411
Registrant Street: 
Registrant City: PANAMA
Registrant State/Province: PANAMA
Registrant Postal Code: 0
Registrant Country: PA
Registrant Phone: +507.8365503
Registrant Phone Ext: 
Registrant Fax: +51.17057182
Registrant Fax Ext: 
Registrant Email: 
Registry Admin ID: 
Admin Name: WHOISGUARD PROTECTED
Admin Organization: WHOISGUARD, INC.
Admin Street: P.O. BOX 0823-03411
Admin Street: 
Admin City: PANAMA
Admin State/Province: PANAMA
Admin Postal Code: 0
Admin Country: PA
Admin Phone: +507.8365503
Admin Phone Ext: 
Admin Fax: +51.17057182
Admin Fax Ext: 
Admin Email: 
Registry Tech ID: 
Tech Name: WHOISGUARD PROTECTED
Tech Organization: WHOISGUARD, INC.
Tech Street: P.O. BOX 0823-03411
Tech Street: 
Tech City: PANAMA
Tech State/Province: PANAMA
Tech Postal Code: 0
Tech Country: PA
Tech Phone: +507.8365503
Tech Phone Ext: 
Tech Fax: +51.17057182
Tech Fax Ext: 
Tech Email: 
Name Server: ANGELA.NS.CLOUDFLARE.COM
Name Server: CHAD.NS.CLOUDFLARE.COM
DNSSEC:UNSIGNED
URL of the ICANN WHOIS Data Problem Reporting System:
HTTP://WDPRS.INTERNIC.NET/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database:2016-11-13T11:53:50.00Z <<<

People are trying to downvote this thread, don't let them. If you approve of Sanders give it an upvote!
After last weeks results I was a bit bummed out. You all have filled me with hope, thank you.
It is so great to see you again, my friend :)
This should open again.

We are ready.
Oh, so is the resistance back on? Good, count me in.
I've missed this place. Feels right being here again. 
*cracks knuckles* Back to work, Reddit. 
Well, hello there, sexy S4P sub!
I would love to see him the minority leader, but is he even a democrat right now? I know he became one to run for president, but I assume he had switched back to independent afterward. Did he?
Genuine question: I know Bernie is for all intents and purposes a Democrat, but will they really even consider this since he doesn't have a (D) in front of his name? What about Elizabeth Warren?
Oh, I have missed you guys so much. Feel good to be home. 
Hopefully we "drain the swamp" of the admins first if we/re back. 
Feels good to be back boys
No matter your political orientation, you would have to be blind to not know this is a genuine man with genuine beliefs.

He cares
This is the sub we need now. I missed you guys.
YES, we're back! TX, Reporting for duty! 
Subreddit's back to #CleanHouseDNC
good to be home. *group hug*
We are Feeling the Bern. Reopen this subreddit and let us have our voice for the largest progressive community on this website.
Holy cow are we back? Please tell me we're back. President Trump or not, this place is the future.
Wow, top post on r/all.

Like we didn't even miss a step. Good to be with you all again :)
Wikileaks already pointed out that Clinton had "Leverage" on Bernie.   

What did Clinton have on Bernie that was so bad it made Bernie not only support Clinton but prevented Clinton from taking the easy win by making Bernie VP?
Yes, a new subreddit for Bernie, to support everything he does in congress. We have to re-energize behind Bernie. The primary never ended. They stole it, so it doesn't end.
Mr. u/writingtoss , unlock this sub!
Voted for Trump, signed for this. Hopefully he keeps Trump in check regarding minority groups.
Hell, I was/am a Trump supporter, and I'd like to see this. Bernie has a lot more support from Trump folks than you think. It's part of a larger for the people, anti-corruption, anti-oil war standpoint.
I've missed this sub.
Damn, I feel like donating $27 to something!
Seems we got removed from all
Isn't he an independent though? Is it even possible for him to get that position?
I support this 
Leaving this sub closed so long was a mistake, but I'm glad we're back in business.


2020 will be here before you know it. WE WILL BE PREPARED. WE WILL WIN!
So is the same person who was in control of this sub, still in control of it? Because I don't know if I trust them, after how this sub was closed and all. 
**REOPEN THE SUB!**
Progressives need as many places as possible to organize. It's time to re-open this sub.
Bernie's not a Democrat so I don't see how he can be Minority Leader.  It would be a radical break from prior tradition to make somebody who is not a member of the minority party minority leader.
Let's get this show on the road again!
As a hardcore Trump supporter.  I am 100% for Bernie Sanders as Minority Leader.   Time for fucking change on both sides!  Hopefully he won't puss out on behalf of the DNC this time around.  I voted for Bernie in the fucking primaries. 
This Subreddit is the initial reason I made an account so that I can talk to you people even though I far away. I really hope it gets re-opened,because I missed you guys.
[I was elected as an independent; Ill stay two years more as an independent, Sanders said.](https://secure.marketwatch.com/story/bernie-sanders-to-revert-to-independent-for-rest-of-senate-term-2016-07-26)

So how is he going to be the senate minority leader when he is not even a democrat?
Anyone else have a nice little smirk on their face after opening Reddit and seeing /r/SandersForPresident at the top?
Signed.... 

Im Canadian, so i used the only Zip code I know.... 90210.
The band is getting back together!
I'm so happy that this sub is back
10K UPVOTES WE HAVENT LOST OUR TOUCH
10K upvotes dayum

Also I think his election slogan should be "Hindsight is 2020"
Idk why I'm here but yay. 
This is the only sub that I upvote literally every post for, every comment as well. Now please guys sign that petition.  
Holy Shit 10,000 upvotes!  
This had 10,000 upvotes way earlier in the day. Did it get admin'd? Is t_d brigading?
BRING BACK THE SUB

This sub should have NEVER been closed. 
I hope this sub reopens fully. We need to rise out of the ashes of the Clinton campaign unified and ready to run on a progressive message in the future. 
Enough with the tease, re-open!
So glad to be back here with everyone! Now is the time to reorganize and rebuild the progressive vote. Onward to 2020!
Can we please open this subredit again and keep working to change the world! I love it thank you!
ARE WE BACK!!!!??? WHAT IS UP!!!!!!! Signed and shared!!!! 
Thank you for re-opening the sub.  Also, I will only say this once to get this out of my system...


**WE TOLD YOU SO!**

We are now at POINT A... 
It's back! I feel all warm and fuzzy inside while browsing /s4p. I'm not sure how this will work or if its just a email phishing scam but I like the thought of it.
"Sanders For President" may not happen in 2020, but it still describes exactly how I feel. Sisters and brothers, welcome to the new age. Y'all whipper snappers get back to work and I'll fire up the old lady donation engine. 
Feels good to be back. Feels at home here.
u/IrrationalTsunami
u/scriggities
u/writingtoss
u/AvadaKedavra03
u/funkalunatic
u/pilgray
u/SandersMod_
u/AutoModerator 

What is the future of this sub? Just curious. :)
Completely innocent question...  

I was under the impression Bernie was going to remain an independent in the Senate. Assuming that's true, does anyone think Senate Dems would elect him Minority Leader? I could see them going for Warren, with Bernie's support; but I just don't see them bringing in someone who is on the "outside."
Signed, sealed, delivered. I'm yours, Bernie!
Step 1: Keith Ellison as DNC chair. Step 2: Start preparing for 2018 midterms. 
Huh, guess this site isn't reopened - it's just this thread?
I've missed being here.
10K upvotes, 3K signatures...

Edit: whoops, am idiot.
Oh shit! B4P is back online! Looks like progressivism is back on the menu boys!
How I've missed seeing this sub on top of my front page after logging into Reddit... theres been some *dark days* between today and the exciting days in the heat of the Dem Primary. Glad to see the light shining here again!
Fuckin hell ctr and trumpers are hitting this one hard 0.o it was at 10k
It feels good to be back with family.
I have never been this sad about not being American. This thing doesn't support UK postcodes..
Did this not have 10000 up votes a few hours ago?
Sanders should be the majority leader.
Now is the time to start the hard slog that will be required over the next few years.  This includes working to get what positive outcomes can be obtained from a disruptive President Elect, working towards midterms and eventually the next four years.  

The movement would benefit from keeping Bernie in a pivotal position both for message and leverage of the platform...

Anyone talking 2020 must realise Bernie must remain silent on this - or else diminish his influence.   The goal should be to build great progressive candidates, policies based on action over the next 2 to 4 years.    

The best chance in 2018 and 2020 is to have a strong field of potential progressive candidates that have well established messages and profiles able to compete locally, state and nationally.  

Good luck all.
You know what would be a tremendous symbol of unity? 

A Hillary Clinton endorsement for Bernie to be Senate Minority Leader.
I'm back, and I need work!
... I didn't know that this existed until now. Kudos, I guess? 
Has he not already said he doesn't want the position?
He's not even interested in this position.
Feels good to be back boys
Holy shit this sub is alive!
Signed. And to all of you, let's start fighting, we are the revolution. And an extra special shout-out to those activists from @allofus2016 occupying Schumers office demanding he step down for his corruption. Your work does not go unnoticed.
Yeah, so what's the mod situation? I know there was some pretty shady shit going on last time, so I think we should get a statement.
Signed and shared. I don't know if I see him running in 2020, but I do see him supporting Elizabeth Warren or Tulsi Gabbard when they do :) 

His leadership in the Senate is paramount to the success of the middle class over the next few years. He has gained tremendous name recognition now too. His voice is that much louder. 
Has Bernie said he wants this? I want to do what's most effective strategically, not what "feels good."
I love you guys! So glad to have you back.
We're back? About damn time.
We're back!
Why did this place ever die?
I'VE MISSED YOU GUYS SO MUCH
Welcome back s4p! 
Commenting in case it gets locked again. I've missed this place!
Hello again everybody. 
Hold up, are we back in business!??
Feeling the Bern. You are back baby. 
We are back! We MUST unite and fight back. 
It's great to be back. 
going to be honest here, but I'm not signing up any more internet petitions. They don't do shit except spam my email and solicit me to give them money.
I'm going to call my local representatives via phone because I am hearing from multiple sources that, that is a much more effective way to get their attention.
I love Bernie. I supported Bernie in the primary. But I don't know how you can have a party leader who isn't a member of the party in question. Since he made that choice of his own free will, I doubt he is interested in this position. It would also put a lot bigger obligation on him to support the moderate winners of the Democratic Primaries in 2018, which he does not have a track record of doing. Or, I suspect, much interest.
OMG we're back! I miss you guys and love you all. 
Being in this sub just automatically fills me a feeling of urgency and total motivation to do whatever project comes down to fight for the political revolution. That is the spirit of this sub. That's something that r/PoliticalRevolution just doesn't capture. This sub has to be reopened. This is our real home. This is where we all came together, and organized.

 This is our base of operations and man do we have a lot of work to do. Lets roll up our sleeves and get to it, brothers and sisters. The political revolution is waiting. :)  
This is happening.
Im all for Bernie but might his time be more effective without the minority leader title?  
It's like I'm visiting family after moving away for a bit, and coming back home. 

Feels so good. 

For Bernie Sanders!
#1 on /r/all !!!! We're back, baby! 
Unlock the sub.
Signed 
there's over 6,000 of us here right now. That's awesome! 
The subreddit is open!! Quick, organize!!
I'm so sorry but the first thing i saw when i opened that link is sanders sieg heiling.
Holy shit. Home sweet home, please keep this subreddit open :)
Can we get him to address the allegations that he had a prearranged loss with Hillary, or the leverage that Hillary supposedly has?
Is this a legit website? Never of bernieforleader.com before. 

Should we be giving our email addresses to it? Any assurances our email won't be used for spam? 
Wait, what... why is this sub back???? Hello brothers and sisters! :)
Woo! Fucking amazing!
We're back!
Open open open open open this sub!!!!! 

A house divided will fall!!!!
It's so good to have this back. My quick link to reddit was always r/sandersforpresident/new and I never bothered to change it after the primaries, but it would be great if we could use this instead of having a bunch of different subreddits.
Is OP's site legit? 

The privacy policy says it's owned by Middle Seat, LLC. Anybody want to clue me in on what that is?
Is this sub back open again? Or is this just for one post?
I am VERY uncomfortable reopening /r/SandersForPresident without a MAJOR CHANGE IN MODERATORS. I would totally accept /r/WayOfTheBern moderators being given irrevocable moderation control over any such reopening.  The last months of /r/SandersForPresident before the election was a disaster, and a profound blow to progressive activism.  Better not to divert resources, gathering up hundreds of thousands of participants, only to turn it into a shitshow down the road when the winds change.
Whoa good to see this sub back on the front page!
This is a sign of restoration. For president or not, this sub is a symbol for progress and hope. Let's get the revolution engine back in full force. 
It's incredible how much nostalgia I have for a subreddit. It's good to be back.
This is back. Sweeet
God this sub is back.  In time for his New book which you can buy on bulk for ten of your friends for Christmas!!! #WHOISWITHME
Lets not close the subreddit after this. 
jesus christ, this sub is back online! too much nostalgia!
It's good to be back!
WHAT IS DEAD MAY NEVER DIE!
OMG I'm so happy we're back!
We're back!  Let's do this!
Feels good man. 
Remember all ["The struggle continues" - Sanders](http://imgur.com/a/tUSyo)
I'm in. This sub inspired a lot of people. Hopefully we can roll that into even more positive action in the future. 
Reopening nearly coincides with the release of Bernie's book. An excellent maneuver, you foxes of mods!
Hey the flair is still working and everything!   
Didnt think we would be back here so soon but boy is it great to be back!
YOU"RE GODDAMN RIGHT I'M SIGNING IT!!
Feeling the bern more than ever.
As someone who was never for Sanders all of last year--fuck yes.  The man has grabbed this party by the horns when we need it most.   I'm 100% on board .
signed, sealed, delivered!

Are we back in business baby?
Posting here feels so right. If this sub is still not open, lets open it.
Bring back S4P ... I can't wait to work for 4 years to elect a progressive, be that Sanders or another. Oh, and to elect progressives to the 2018 midterms. Lots of Dem seats for us to fill in the senate :)
[My reaction when I see this sub reactivated] (https://i.makeagif.com/media/5-11-2015/PVGxuB.gif) 
Back in business. I have missed this place so much. So many wonderful and awesome people I didn't see for half a year.

We're gonna need extra mods. Donald's page almost has 300k subscribers now.
[I come back to you now, at the turn of the tide.](http://i.imgur.com/bvMaTFG.jpg)
Breaks over, lets get back to work!

I wonder why the mods opened it back up? I wonder if it's because of the horrible state of our politics after the mods gave up. 
This is the perfect place to organize Our Revolution. Thanks for reopening the sub Mods!
OK so I've been doing a lot of reflecting over the last few days and come to realize how firmly calcified I was in my liberal bubble up until election night. Michael Moore's comments (as well as pieces like this [Cracked article](http://www.cracked.com/blog/6-reasons-trumps-rise-that-no-one-talks-about/)) on how the media and people like me have been framing the vast majority of Trump-voters, from what I can tell so far, have been spot on. Many of us believe a Sanders' presidency would have been revolutionary, but lots of other people saw him as establishment because he's been there so long and because he speaks the language of politics (in spite of his populist policies). My question is, how do we get excitement about Sanders in a more inclusive way? These folks in the midwest were the ones we needed for a victory and they felt like the Dems abandoned them. How would they feel about him in a position of power in that party?
That would be so awesome, but never going to happen, people still argue that Bernie isn't a real Democrat, so putting him in charge of the Democratic party basically would be a nonstarter for most.

Keith Ellison as DNC head is probably the best we can hope for at least until 2020
Whether or not he runs in 2020, it feels good to be home again in S4P.
Didn't the Republicans win the majority in both house and senate?
AFTER YOU SIGN...

CONTACT YOUR LOCAL, COUNTY, AND STATE DEMOCRATS AND TELL THEM YOUR VOTE DEPENDS ON WHETHER THEY ENDORSE BERNIE FOR MINORITY LEADER


I'm a Veteran and I will stand with Bernie and his message forever!
So, are we back? I say we use this place to organize for the midterms. We can also volunteer for OurRevolution-endoresed candidates, and whoever the next progressive presidential candidate is! I'm hoping for Tulsi Gabbard, personally, but if Bernie is in, so am I!


I also think it's important that we continue the fight against neoliberalism. A wolf in sheep's clothing can be just as dangerous as a republican, as history (and this election in particular) has shown. Let's get real progressive fighters into office!!!
Please reopen the Sub!
If the sub is open I'm down. Let's win 2020. But first let's work on 2018. We are on the slab this time folks. More Dems are up for reelection then Reps. I we need to make sure we keep the seats we have and maybe try and gain a few more. After that we grassroots to the white house. 
Bad idea imo. Congressional leadership positions are very dirty places to be. A lot of plunging your hands into the mud. Not a productive place to lead a party from.

Also, welcome back SFP.
the revolution starts now! 
OUR sub is back!!!!

Fantastic to see this place has opened up again! Feel the Bern 2020
**HIGH FUCKING ENERGY** **LETS GO BERNIE!!!**
Finally seeing a post from this sub at the top of /r/all again put a big fucking smile on my face. Signed and shared.
We've lost 38000 people or more from this sub it appears... ugh. We have a lot of work to do.
Welcome back old friend
Lets go boys and girls.
Alright, let's get started
Time we stop complaining about the issues and start doing something about them. On that note, is there anything else we can do besides signing up and sharing the link?
Done.
A lot of people in this sub made fun of me when I said I appreciated Bernie conceding to / endorsing Hillary.  Look at where he his now compared to HRC.  She's completely done in politics after having practically destroyed democrat power in the whole of government.  Bernie is able to keep pursuing his true goal: not power, but change.
Current Minority Leader Charles Schumer:

"It is hard to ask more of households making $250,000 or $300,000 a year. In large parts of the country, that kind of income does not get you a big home or lots of vacations or anything else that is associated with wealth."

I don't know why, but just seeing this thread and reading the first few comments has brought tears to my eyes. It's good to be back, and it's good to feel hopeful about something again.

Bernie makes me want to be a better human being, and I will never stop supporting him. I know that one day we'll see his lifelong endeavors actualized with true political upheaval that the vast majority of Americans can stand behind together as one nation. 

Let us not waste these next four years, but instead look back in 2020 and see the trail of effort and accomplishments that led us to the White House, with arguably one of the most honorable and righteous men to have ever walked the earth at its helm. United we stand for a better tomorrow.
Correct the record shutting down this sub most likely cost Hillary the election. r/politics was poisoned with inauthentic responses, and we needed a space to process Hillary stealing the nomination and to discuss what to do. Then they shut us down, and shut us out. Go head over to r/politics they said, those monsters lost the election.
Wow you guys are back?! <3
Back on top where we belong. #1 r/all
Seeing this post as #1 on r/all after all this time has made my day. I really hope this sub can come back. I miss all of you guys. This is easily the most powerful social media tool sanders had, and we should definitely use it to promote progressives moving forward. 
nice this sub is alive again!
Btw, http://observer.com/2016/11/email-reveals-clinton-camp-spied-on-sanders-delegates-before-convention/
I came to r/all to see how bad the trump spam was today, it is refreshing to see a r/sandersforpresident post at the top of r/all again.
Lol, I've seen this thread going from over +10k upvotes to 9.1k in a few hours. Score seems to be dropping steadily.

Some people are not happy with us, good.
The day that SandersForPresident closed was my saddest shortcut removal ever. The sub should have never closed to begin with.
The sub is back open? Wasn't it closed during the election because "he wasn't running for president"? Can we please address this hypocrisy and get in writing that this sub will never be closed down again?
This sub is about Sanders IDEAS and not the man; like he said MANY times. We can literally impact the future of the country, it SHOULD REMAIN OPEN!
I voted Trump to stand against the corruption of the DNC after they screwed Sanders over (as well as some specific economic issues). I welcome Sanders being Senate Minority Leader and the complete destruction of the Democrat Machine, followed by the rebirth of the new Democrat Party that works for the people, rather than the other way around.

Trump introduced a new, more liberal Republican format. The Democrats should change and become more honest and (hate this expression) drain the swamp from all the old career Democrats used to bribing and buying out key figures.

Sanders (before he was "coerced"/bought out/threatened to work for Clinton) would be the ideal choice with his moral steadfastness.

I don't expect to be fully agreed with, but I do agree Sanders should be the figurehead of the New Democrat Party.
Seeing this makes me feel like reddit is going back to its true self.
I signed the petition because I love and have faith in Bernie. While I was thinking about sharing this with some family, including life long Democrats, I realized I wouldn't know how to argue for Bernie as minority leader instead of Chuck Schumer. What are some reasons we need Bernie as minority leader,  especially over Schumer?
He's going to have some big spots on committees, but the only reason to have him as minority leader is for image purposes. Remember his entire career in the Senate has been as independent, because his views are not reflected by the Democratic party. He only ran for president under the Democratic umbrella because it provided a viable platform to make his run.
Feels so damn good to be back
Yay I missed this sub 
This sub has helped me grow as a person it is insane to finally see it open.
This website seems like a scammy email aggregator.  What can you tell me about this company that is running the site, [Middle Seat, LLC](http://inthemiddleseat.com/)?  The terms of service explicitly say that they're collecting and disseminating our emails to 3rd parties (that might be interested in us)...forgive me for being gun shy about all of this.

Do you \u\writingtoss have any relationship with this company?

Why is this registered in Panama?
Holy shit, I am away from Reddit partially for a couple days and didn't notice this happened!
I think the sub's name works fine, even into the future.

It has a touch of ('never forget' style) historic irony in that had Sanders been selected to run formally under the DNC standard we would be living in a different country. Instead of picking through a ruin, we would be reaching for new heights of equality and justice.

Some of us saw that dream of a country run by it's own people instead of an elite class and now it's up to us to bring the rest of the country around to it.

The truth is Sanders was our President even before the primary because of his policies; we respected him and would do what he asked if we possibly could. This feeling is foreign to most Americans as real leadership of this kind has not been seen in an American president since perhaps JFK who asked us to put down cigars and makeup so we could touch the moon.

So long as Sanders draws breath I believe all of us will likely continue to feel this way out of respect for him as a real leader. And real leaders don't need crowns, coronations, or bad comedy.

And when he is gone the policies and principles he stood for, not  'identity politics' and 'elitism', but rather a nation united in care for each other and our planet will live on. Because we remember 2016 was the year everything changed.

Welcome back Berners; our country needs us!
Did Bernie explicitly state he wanted to be Minority leader? 

If not this is too aggressive. We need to build a coalition within the party to support progressive ideals, not throw out anyone who didn't side with Bernie. 

Schumer is close friends with Bernie and has backed Ellison. 
We're back?? We did it, Reddit!
Can the mod's resign and let us reopen this sub? We need somewhere for Sanders supporters who weren't willing to kowtow to the oppressive DNC system to have honest and open discourse. 
Signed and shared on Facebook.

EDIT: Damn I am glad that this sub is open again. 
I'm not sure if I can out all my faith back into Bernie. After he endorsed hillary in the primary it truly felt like a stab in the back. To go against everything he was preaching. He had my vote in the primary. I hate he didn't have it on Nov. 8th.

Every time I heard him talk he was saying how he was going to end corruption in politics and put the wall Street "fat cats" behind bars. Then he beds with the enemy. 
Did a double take when I saw an S4P post on /r/all. Also peed my pants a little
All of the mods who decided to shut down this subreddit should step down.

This subreddit gave up faster than Sanders gave up to Clinton. 
Writingtoss 2020
Does he want to be Senate Minority Leader?
RETURN OF THE JEDI !!!!
THE BEACONS OF MINAS TIRITH! THE BEACONS ARE LIT!
r/BernieSanders is open now for Bernies Senate activity and reelection bid.
Eat it /r/enough_sanders_spam
WE NEED TO DISCUSS HOW CTR SHUT THIS SUB DOWN. 
Member when we won Wisconsin and Michigan unlike some other democrat?
70% upvoted. Looks like there's some people on Reddit(ahem, Clinton supporters) that really want Bernie completely out of the picture. Or maybe they don't like that this amazing community is about to come back.
Hey I am glad you guys are back and really like Bernie but you guys should try not to dominate the top of /all so much this time. I mean obviously posts should be there because people like and upvote them, but it went a little crazy last time and actually turned some people against it and was a bit counter-productive. Anyways just my 2 cents and hopefully we will see Bernie in the white house in 2020.
It's (been far past) time to reopen this.  It was closed without any community input and quite to the opposite of their wish.  I would like a real explanation for why it was closed and if it was due to the Correct the Record AstroTurf campaign.
I need some hope. Let's get this shit going again!
Bernie is the the Main Man.
Signed. Let's rock and roll!
The most powerful sub is back 
This could be Momentous. Keith Ellison for DNC head, and Sanders for Senate Majority. HELL YES!
Does this mean we can get /u/Vermonty_Python back? I miss that dude. 

Heck, I just miss the old sub, I'm happy it's back up here. I get the feeling a lot of people here feel the same way, but I'm beyond motivated to get out there and make the absolute most of these next 4 years. We have a lot of work to do, and I'm ready to get started!

EDIT: Vermonty_Python is Aidan_King now. I should've know this, and I feel like I did at one point and just forgot. Either way, sorry for the mix-up. Here's hoping we get the band back together and get some work done!
An hour old post with 477 comments is #1 on the front page? How is that possible? Oh its .....
Meat's back on the menu boys!
Coming into this sub looking like Hillary when she was coronated. Hot damn, let's get to work.
https://i.imgur.com/YrR9lYI.gif
Good to be posting here again. Signed.  Also looking forward to an opportunity to sign any petition deporting Donna Brazile, Debbie Wasserman-Schultz, Howard Dean, etc. to the nearest uninhabitable planet of their choice.
Is this the beginning of Bernie 2020? About damn time, this subreddit was shutdown prematurely, let's do this.
Wait, is there another party taking control? I thought the democrats were the largest "minority" party... and he isn't one... why would he lead a congressional minority when his party is a minority of the minority?
What's past is past.  Let's fix the future.
Well this is nice :)
Am I the only one who thinks the picture they used could be misinterpreted? If his hand were visible this would be a lot better.
I don't get it, if this subreddit was closed down, how is it getting enough people to upvote it to the top of /r/all?
wow, now you reopen this sub?
I do!
Has Bernie even publically stated that he'd do this?
r/SandersForPresident... now that's a sub I haven't seen in a while
Feels good to be back here. Never should have shut this place down. Let's give them hell.
I'm going to break the chorus and talk about the article.  

Are we sure this is the best move right now?  With both house and senate red he will accomplish _nothing_.  They will block him at every pass simply to point out his ineffectiveness in 2020.  
Great to see you guys back. Love from England!
Not the greatest photo pose...
Sanders vs Clinton : A New Hope

Clinton vs Trump: The Empire Strikes Back

And now: The Return of the Jedi
So full disclosure - Trump supporter - but why was this shutdown in the first place?
LET'S GO GIVE EM HELL BOYS :')
God Damn it's good to be back Bernie Bro's and Gals. It'll be nice to have a counter to the The Donald again. 
Welcome back to the fight, everybody. 

Our new slogan should be "Hindsight is 2020"
*Reunited and it feels so good...*
Why was this sub ever closed? I was told it was compromised just like r/politics.

And in that case does it mean that the democratic establishment want bernie to save the democratic party now?
[we're home](http://gph.is/1OjzMih) 
Guys I'm so happy! Let's focus on hard work like we did in the primaries. Now we know we were right, let's work for a better future, let's do it with respect, with passion and with the goal of bringing about a positive change! I'm feeling the bern againnnn!!!
This would be great. I feel like Trump actually respects Bernie, and that they could work together on some things. Trump would probably also take Bernie's criticisms to heart considering that they appeal to a similar base of voters.
I never do online petitions. But this one I will do.
...Does he even want that?
Glad to see the movement is still alive, but online polls are worth exactly dick. Put a pen to paper and write an actual letter if you want to be heard. Online polls and email campaigns are immediately written off as they're too easy to game.
It looks like with Chuck Schumer on board with Ellison as DNC chair that he's consolidating support in advance of being named minority leader. Wouldn't surprise me at all if him and Sanders already agreed to a bargain whereby Sanders would support his leadership bid in exchange for other concessions. 


I agree infinitely.

Donna Brazille should have stepped down weeks ago too.
WOOO BABY WE ARE BACK IN BUSINESS!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocwVHGbYb3c
Guess who's back, back again 
Here's the war reddit has always wanted. Sanders vs Trump. Can't wait to see how this plays out. 
He's not a democrat... He's already the minority leader of independents. 
I don't know

I think it's better he's a leader without the title for now and makes a run in 2020 if he's healthy and has the same energy. I think if he becomes minority leader it makes it less likely that he runs for the nomination in 2020.
Bot! Beep beep! I'm all about top posts!

This post had 5,000 upvotes and got posted to twitter [@Reddit5000](https://twitter.com/Reddit5000) and subreddit /r/reddit5000!

The tweet: https://twitter.com/Reddit5000/status/798232818937511936

--------------------

^^All ^^7,500 ^^upvotes ^^are ^^on ^^[@Reddit7500](https://twitter.com/Reddit7500) ^^and ^^/r/reddit7500

^^And ^^most ^^importantly ^^all ^^10,000 ^^posts ^^on ^^[@Reddit10000](https://twitter.com/Reddit10000) ^^and ^^/r/reddit10000
[We're ba*aaaaaa*ck](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jh1rpjlw8xA)
It's time to organize local town halls on a monthly basis to petition incumbents and push the entire political establishment on two issues. Climate policy and a corrupted legislative process.
WERE BACK BABY! return of the jedi!
Can we make this happen? Be the change.
Make Bernie Sanders president! (like he was supposed to be)
Submissions restricted...what's the planned future of this sub?
I'm glad to be back with you guys. Here we go.
wow in 30 min. it has gone up with 5000 signatures from 9000 something to 14000
I've been waiting for this day to come. 
Hey fam! Good to hear from everyone.
I think this petition has already been delivered to the DNC.
OMG, is this sub a thing again??? :D
fuck the mods for ever closing this
Feels great to be back. Let's do this.
Can I sign even though I'm not a US citizen?
uh....he's not a Democrat, so he can't be the senate Democratic Minority Leader.  But I guess technically he could be the independent minority leader.
After a stream of perpetual bullshit Trump propaganda from Reddit, the reopening of this sub is a welcome change. 
I am so excited this sub is back!
I missed this place! 
Signed and shared on my Facebook.  Let's go!!
I just want /r/all to be back to normal
https://i.redd.it/fd540ekb8lxx.gif
Isn't he an Independent again?  Don't think he can be minority leader as an independant.
Please reopen this sub
WE MUST OPEN THIS AGAIN!
IT'S ALIVE! :)
This sub being reopened would be the best thing I could imagine. I love this place. 
This looks like a way to get email addresses for spam. What organization backs this? The privacy policy lists MiddleSeat LLC, which looks like a fake company.

Ah, my home away from home. I've missed you guys.
Reddit feels whole again
I would like to make this happen.  What else can I do besides signing?
I'm home.
Who's behind this?
So the submissions are restricted to what the mods, who betrayed us, feel is important? I'm not resubscribing, I'll be at /r/p_r
I missed you all <3
Hell yes!!! 
Sounds good to me.
3 hour old post; top of the front page; 10k upvotes.

Definitely makes sense to close down this subreddit... /sarcasm.
Was gonna do it until it asked me to share it on FB. Sorry, I am not going to join the political discussion on social media without being anonymous. I'm trying to not get jumped. 
Feels damn good to be back. 
Showtime 
# #1
Go Bernie!!!
Please keep the sub open
Internet petitions do not impact the real world. 
 
If you want to change the real world, you have to do it in the real world. Call your rep, or better yet go visit them at their local office. 
 

All right let's get this thing going. Last time we only had a year to prepare but now we have more time and we can get some serious momentum if we can get going now
Who is running this website...?  Why are you all blindly giving your contact information to a random website?  They don't even say who they represent or what they plan on doing with all these signups.  The only thing I can find is via their privacy policy page and it says this is run by a digital marketing firm called "Hello, Inc"... this could be anyone and you have no idea what their intentions are.
Get America back on its tracks, you magnificent so and so's
Why is this sub in restricted mode?  What is the reasoning behind that now that Clinton lost and the election is over?  Let's get back to land of the free, home of the brave around here!
Did anyone read the privacy policy?
Can he even become the minority leader? He's still an independent.
This subreddit must keep fighting
Wait, what sub is this?  This can't be right. 
I missed you guys, it's good to be back!
I may not be the biggest supporter of Bernie anymore but he's the only real opposing voice who will actually tackle issues instead of resorting to the bully tactics of the left.

Bernie can bring real debates back with Trump.
Supported Trump and happy to support Bernie now. Fuck the elites. 
I don't want to be a buzz killer, but let me tell you why it isn't going to happen. Often, this is given out as a "seniority" in the Democrat party, and party loyalist reward. The DNC is having a bit of a problem. One, people don't trust them, but two, one way that you keep other elected Democrats and party loyalists happy is to always open the door to the possibility of eventually moving up the ranks to obtain something like this. 

There are obviously always exceptions, but Bernie has only been a member of the Democrat part for 1.5 years, and many Democrats do not see him as a party loyalist at all.

I know, I know... the DNC needs to do something drastic to recover their image. I am just really skeptical this could happen. I mean hell guys, Donna Brazile is still the interim DNC chair after all of those damning wikileaks and you know what? She hasn't even apologized for it. All she said was, "Well, we needed to win."
Wish I could sign from Canada! Go Sanders!!
10k upvotes in 3 hours, #1 on r/all. It's pretty clear we need this sub reopened, this audience is as large and determined as ever
Holy shit we're back in business. Hi friends!
Open back this sub. Political revolution sub sucks!
So I'm all for the idea but can we take a step back from the excitement for a second and take a look at this website that's asking for our information?

There's no info on it. It's a "petition" that doesn't mention who the petition will be sent to, and the only substantive information is a boilerplate privacy policy and a link to a twitter account with a modest amount of followers.

I'm not terribly concerned with sharing my zip code and burner email but come on; we should be a little more scrupulous before giving websites our information.
It's going to be tough to get a non-Democrat in a leadership position, but Ellison in the House would be fantastic and he was a Bernie supporter. 
It feels so fucking good
Let's do this. FEEL THE BERN.
This easily hit 10k upvotes. Imagine if this was used full-force to help Bernie!
Good to see the sub back open...  It probably was a bad idea to close it.
/r/SandersForSenateMinorityLeader

Someone grab and redirect.
You would think with the support he had this would be a no brainer. 
holy shit where am i. bernie sanders - hindsight is 2020
I don't think he actually wants that job you guys 
And we're back! I missed you, friends.
The sub is back!!!!!
We're.back! Fuck yeah!  2020 Bernie here we come.  

Please don't  on us, Bernie.
its good to be home
Careful guys a lot of people are questioning the authenticity of this website
signed
Watch reddit censor this from the front page 
i need this subreddit, strike that, WE need it!!!
He doesn't want it and endorsed someone else. Why do this? 
Damn it I just unsubbed because this place was dead.  Oh well I don't care how old he is.  I'd rather have a Weekend at Bernie's situation with him in the White House than Trump or Clinton.
This is rather silly, plus he'd be too limited by this position. The minority leader has to be an equal blend between strategy and tactics, whipping the party into cohesion. Bernie would be better off unshackled by this obligation, able to focus on bigger picture issues beyond the machinations of the US Senate. You don't have to have your hero (Michelle Obama, for example) be at the #1 spot for them to still be influential. 
What the hell? Is this sub back??
What is dead may never die, but rises again, stronger and harder.
I agree, make Bernie president, in 2020, he will surely be the man, but for now let it stand that Trump is president, and we all as people of the world must accept it, I accept it, I'm just waiting to see what this man is going to do. I'm not gonna judge a man based on words, i'm going to base this man on actions and what he does for the good of his people. If he can improve economy and infrastructure, great if not he'll go down in history for doing nothing good, I'm ready to ride this one out and see how it goes, I'm a UK citizen, but I'll respect all leaders, as they have respect of normal people. So time to see how he does this, but I do agree Bernie should run in 2020. He would be phenomenal democrats really screwed over Bernie, such a shame, if it was him vs trump. this could have been a very different story. 
So at long last, we are back...

It is good to be home.  Oh, and also signed.
Finally my favorite subreddit is back from the ashes. Maybe we can all help uproot this pizzagate thing as well.
We're back, babe! Time to start planning our next steps!

QUE UP THE INSPIRATIONAL 80'S ANTHEMS!
I don't agree that the minority leadership should go to Bernie. First, Bernie hasn't expressed an interest; Second, Schumer is *currently* our ally, as he is the main establishment backer of Ellison becoming DNC chair and it would be unwise to conflict with him *at this time*.

But regardless, it's great to see this sub back. [This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6LGJ7evrAg) is basically what's happening here now. :')
Test to see if I'm still banned
This is when we fight for the country that we love. 

I hate to get all cheesy, but I signed a contract with the United States Armed Forces. I swore to support and defend the Constitution of the United States of America. I will **not** let Trump stampede all over it. 
I have missed this place....my home away from home. 
Is it not required that he be a part of the losing party?
WE BACK
Fam!
Wait, WHAT IS GOING ON! SINCE WHEN?
:') <3 I love you all
Reading through the comments, the energy in this place is incredible. I feel my hope for humanity coming back.
Oh, how I've missed this sub. It feels good to reopen it.
wutup fam
Welcome home everybody.. LETS DO THIS!
Signed, I voted Trump but considering him vs what you have now, I personally think he represents you and your values more and like I have always said, if I can't get my way I would like someone to get what they want in this country!
It should be Elizabeth Warren instead. 

Bernie has made his name being an independent who only uses party labels if his agenda and theirs are the same, thereby keeping him falling in line with a party against his will. I think Bernie should be the figurehead of the Democratic party, and the voice which we look to, but Elizabeth Warren is much closer with Democratic leadership and has the ear of both the progressive left and the moderate establishment.
Please give me some hope adequately reopen this sub. 
Over Harry Reid's cold dead body.
Done!  
Hoping this one's a slam-dunk.
Back to work!
I luv u guys :)
Signed it. Don't know if it'll help, but I hope so. 
Honest question, why would the dems pick a non-Democrat with no party loyalty for this position? Wouldn't this just encourage future party members to not be as supportive and leave/not support the party at will with no repercussions?

We are back!
I don't do online petitions. The only thing I've ever gotten from it is an email inbox overflowing with requests for campaign contributions.
I am so happy that this sub is open again. 
Happy to see the mods posting here since the subscription base is yuge!
Weeeeeeeooooooooooo!
Bernie is spending more time speaking to the American people directly right now than our president-elect so of course it is great to see this place opened up again. 
Finally some good news.
Democrats elect Chuck Schumer as Senate minority leader 

http://nyp.st/2fW1iIU via @nypost
Reopen the subreddit. It's time for grassroots.
*wraps self in S4P blankie* Signed. Thank you for bringing it back.

Mmm.... so warm.
Signed and shared with friends. I'll always stay subbed here and the Sanders bumper sticker will stay on my car forever.
Let's elect the dude who was so anti establishment that he took 200m from us and gave it all to the establishment 
HEY EVERYONE! :)
Test 1 2 3
Minority leader? Hell make him the Majority leader while you're at it! 
We need to keep this sub open. There is no doubt it is a force for positive change! I miss you all <3
As a Trump supporter who supported Bernie before Trump, I agree. 

I disagreed with some of Bernie's positions, but I loved the man for his passion and honesty. I don't like the fact that he sold out to Clinton so fast, but I think he did so because he had the wrong perception/fear of Trump. 

He shares Trump's positions on the most important issues such as trade and foreign intervention. His disagreement with Trump on social issues will be valuable in preventing the establishment Republicans from dominating the agenda there. Let him be a fighter.

Most of all: the man deserves it. It's the least the political system could do for him after screwing him over in the primaries.
ITT - You can smell the fear of Trump supporters. Feels good man! 
\#1 /r/all that's how we do it. Good to be home :)
After all this time, this place has reopened... Hopefully it'll eventually make serve as a useful tool in making these ideas not just known, but successful.
You don't know how happy I am, keep this sub Reddit open. I don't care if you change the name this is a massive group of people who seek change and can accomplish it! 
Remember when he endorsed hillary
My body is ready for this reopening 
Why did we close? Mods paid off by Hilary?
[removed]
He's an independent senator, I'm not sure why he should be the minority leader when he's not a member of the minority party
[removed]
Where was everyone when the DNC treated Bernie Sanders like vermin?
CTR is back and hitting this post hard, we lost over 500 upvotes within 5 minutes, hit the bots back and show them we will Never be silenced
[removed]
Bad choice. He rolled over and took it durring the election, he'll do the same as minority "leader".
[removed]
[removed]
The guy that sold out his values for the wicked witch of the west. Hell yeah. 
[deleted]
Word of advice for Bernie people: don't buy into the Trump alarmism and instead work together with Trump supporters for a common goal.

That goal: bringing to light the details of Hillary rigging the election against Sanders.

Find common ground. Do not let the corrupt media frame your mindset.
I'm pro-Trump and i'm up for it but you realise this somewhat kills Bernie's chances of actually running in 2020.

I think he'd do great in this position but you will be pushing the public to prematurely "blow their anti-trump" load. It's going to cost you momentum in 4 years.
Is there anything that says he can't concede to Hillary for this position too?
[deleted]
START PHONE BANKING NOW BERNIE 2020
[deleted]
[removed]
After dropping everything he stood for to support Clinton, fuck him. He should just retire if he doesn't have the cojones to fight the establishment instead of joining it.
he's an independent. 
As a Trump voter/supporter, I'm really hoping you guys restart this sub back up. Some actual organic support for the progressive-left is refreshing and this sub was the embodiment of that.


idk #2 behind Warren 
Not only this, but the fact is, he and Trump SHARE a desire to improve the lot of the bulk of US citizens...  Many of their policies/desires are aligned -- and the two could probably work brilliantly together. 
After this whole election, are there still people that think the DNC cares about what the people want? If so, why? [Honest question]
Mods need to either open the sub completely or explain wtf the plan for the future of the sub is. 
Can we get new mods?
Bernie running for pres in 2020 would be a dream, but I'm afraid he's too old at this point. He needs to focus on promoting progressive law makers so that we can run his successor in the next general election. 
I'm actually not for this.

Right now, Bernie can do the most good as an ideological leader, especially since he is being treated as the leading left-wing/liberal figure by the media. (Finally!)

If he runs in four years, he can still approach things as an outsider if he's technically unaffiliated. If he doesn't run, he can use his independence to work as an ethical kingmaker should a quality candidate emerge.

Either way, he's got a Senate race to win in a couple of years. He intends to do this as an independent.
The sellout who was apart of the Clinton conspiracy from day 1 of his destined to fail campaign? The guy who claims to be independent yet caucuses with dems, dems don't run anyone against him and he sits on their committees? 

Yea, no. Bury it. Bury the failed and flatly rejected Democratic party and move on. Maybe in a few years the USA will actually have a remotely left wing party. The dems ain't it. 


[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
But... he's not part of the Democratic party. 
Please dont make this the to go Sanders subreddit. Remember what happened last time.
[removed]
It's not going to happen for exactly the same reason why his candidacy was blocked and the Dems ended up losing the election. The party is owned by a small political, economic and cultural elite that doesn't give a rat's ass about the common man.
http://bernieforleader.com/privacy-policy/

Read this first.
[removed]
[deleted]
Is it possible for an admin to change sub names without purging subscribers?  
People
 Lets remember. Lets not rely on him...   He was saying the slogan the whole time.  We are the future. We are the ones that can make change. Yes he is a great leader to look up to but many of us have sinilear ideals. We also can make this change. We have to get up everyday and want this change. We have to go out and about to do something.

I remember before primaries I was like in a Bernie mindset. Then I heard of him and was like wow. Who is this guy?! 

But sadly work school life stopped my tracks. Societys way of life demotivates and stops us from making change. 

Lets not let that change our beliefs and what we want for the future.

Look people. Its not just the system we need to fix.
But the earth. Earth needs our help. 
Our home. Everyones home is getting destroyed. And then. We'll all be homeless. But we can't go anywhere else. Mars? Dont make me laugh. 
We'll all die along with the planet. And it'll fix itself in a few thousand years. It doesnt need us. But we need the planet. 

Come on people. We need to unify under one earth. One peaceful society. One God. 
We cant take. We have to give. 

Bernie is GIVING US the chance to make it happen. We are trying but not out hardest. 
I love you all and hope we can change the world. Not for ourselves. But for the ones we Love. Because love bring all together. Love is life love is everything.

Awesome! 
YYYEEEAAAHHHHHHHHH
it's good to be back 
Sanders caucuses with the Democrats, but he is an Independent in the Senate.  I don't think that he can be minority leader.
feel the bern

Hello.
Looking at the old threads in this sub here, can't believe it has been only three months. Feels like a year.
Damn it.. As a Canadian, can't sign :(
<3 We're back, guys.
Good to be back. 
[We're baaack!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sXNsT7-Lwsk&feature=youtu.be&t=6)
Woohoo, we're back! I couldn't bring myself to unsubscribe after the subreddit was closed to new posts a few months ago, looks like I made the right decision!

Just pre-ordered Bernie's book, can't wait to read that and start getting organized for midterms and the 2020 election.
Isn't he trying for Minority Whip? I thought there was a dark horse candidate announcing for Leader on Maddow tonight? 
WEEE'RREEEEE BAAAAACCCKKKK
I missed you all ;-; 
When did this sub reopen?
https://media.giphy.com/media/makrD8LE59iJa/giphy.gif
Who's running this petition?
Yes! We're back! 
Whoa, back from hibernation??????
Democracy works

https://youtu.be/2_qzLz7-4fc
How much do we need to donate to win this? When is the election day again? Go r/SandersForPresident !!!!
We're back boys! Let's take back America 
It's high time we started taking charge of our future! 
Sanders the minority whip.

Who is Middle Seat LLC, and what exactly is being accomplished with this form?

As much as I support the premise, something seems off.
With local Dem party committee nominations and elections happening soon, this would be a great tool to reopen and get people elected to their local seats so that we can really start getting to work on bringing back this progressive and populist movement to the party as a whole. Not just for Bernie, but for all of us. 
WE'RE BACK 
Sure, why not.
We're back in business boys and girls.
Sanders for Emperor of the Earth.
We're back baby!
Not only Bernie but Hillary supporters should be in favor of this as well. 
2020 yeah yeeeeaAAAAAHhhhh
Bot! Beep beep! I'm all about top posts!

This post had 5,000 upvotes and got posted to twitter [@Reddit5000](https://twitter.com/Reddit5000) and subreddit /r/reddit5000!

The tweet: https://twitter.com/Reddit10000/status/798247910626316288

--------------------

^^All ^^7,500 ^^upvotes ^^are ^^on ^^[@Reddit7500](https://twitter.com/Reddit7500) ^^and ^^/r/reddit7500

^^And ^^most ^^importantly ^^all ^^10,000 ^^posts ^^on ^^[@Reddit10000](https://twitter.com/Reddit10000) ^^and ^^/r/reddit10000
Hope is going to defeat hate.  I won't believe in any other way.
Hello, /r/s4p. I have missed you. 
The beacons have been lit! 
So in. So very, very in.
Not to burst anyone's bubble, but I don't think he can be. Didn't he go back to being an independent after the primary? Which would mean that he can't be minority leader.

If not, then fuck yeah! That'd be awesome!
https://youtu.be/jh1rpjlw8xA
Yup 
RemindMe: 3 hours
After what occured this election, I am not going to make the mistake of remaining inactive. Signed! Too bad I don't know anyone else to share this petition with.
What happens to the signatures? What is sent via email?
I have a better idea.

How about Bernie Sanders for President ....

... of the Atlantic Republic of New England and New York.
would be great, not gonna happen.  didn't sanders himself say he wasn't even considering going for it as its effectively settled?
So, I've always been a Berner, but I have to ask: what exactly does signing this petition do?
We're back baby! Slight nitpick, can he be minority leader as an independent? If so, full steam ahead!
Why would the Democrat party make someone who isn't a Democrat Minority Leader?  He is still an Independent that caucuses with the Democrats, right? 
Done and shared!
The more Bernie this world gets, the better. :)
i thought he was going to run for govener
Amen.
"Because this is a movement fueled by love, it can NEVER be stopped or defeated." - Tusli Gabbard
Ya,   fuck it,  I'll elect my own President,  one with Blackjack and Hookers!!....
And change it, we will.
Its sad to see this sub go I'm gonna have to look harder to find things to shitpost about now :/
Also, every snarky reddit post you make, you are making it less and less possible to stop trump, if that is your goal.
Bill Maher to Bernie: "You are a warrior here sir. And the hardest thing for a warrior to do is to fall on his sword."

Remember when Clinton surrogates tried to say he was old & unhealthy? Turns out he was an absolute machine. Traveling & speaking at 2-3 rallies a day. Very few 25-year olds could do it.
#Bernie2020

I'm gonna miss everything about this man and his campaign. 
Of course they had to go an tease us that Bernie might be in good enough health to run in 2020. 
Sad that the last year and a half of my life is ending
I thought the subreddit was archived two hours ago?

Anyway, it's been a pleasure all. I'm sure years from now we'll be looking back here whether for nostalgia or inspiration. Fingers crossed that the journey continues in /r/political_revolution.
thanks..a perfect ending to this sub.. forever forward.
https://i.redd.it/iaxhuyspxzbx.jpg
Ah man. This is the last top post before the sub gets archived. :'( 
Campaign defining moment. It gave an image of kindness and unconditional love. 
My most treasured memory of this campaign.
Probably a hometown bias, but I saw this as the most Portland thing ever. And not in a Portlandia way.
I loved this so much. It's just so depressing he's not the candidate. Instead we have a crazy person and a criminal. 
It was so powerful that the entire Nebraska delegation made that their symbol. So many candidates running for party positions used it, there were t-shirts, buttons, stickers...one person even had little, blue bird whistles.
I miss that weekend :/
Still have a "Birdie" sticker on my car!
That was such a neat day, I'll remember it for a long, long time. Seeing this picture made me tear up a little again :(
As someone who was there, it was unforgettable. 
Why am I crying?
This was only a couple of months ago, why does it look like it was taken on film?
This is a really iconic photo.
Made me smile :)
you make me want to cry. If we were a better nation, a kinder, more humane, more aware people (or species) this man would be getting ready to take on that orange oaf.

Did anyone ever tell us what kind of Bird this was?
Never forget.
My favorite moment. We were at climax Bernie during these times.
Great moment from the campaign.
I have the Birdie sticker on my car.
I'll never forget it. It's the kind of moment that sticks with you for a lifetime.
Alas, the planet does not get a vote in the Democratic primary process.  It seems wrong to me, since the planet has firmly established residence in all 50 states, and even Republicans agree that it is more than eighteen years old.  Whatever the future holds, we saw Earth cast a vote, and we know who it was for.
I'm all for a repeat of this in 2020.

This moment.. not the rigged-election fuck-up that happened afterwards. And culminating in this man being our President next time around. :)
should have made him President right then and there!
How many votes is one bird worth? 
Thanks for posting - Lets look for another one in the next campaign. SANDERS 2020
I am seriously considering getting a tattoo of this moment, it seriously changed my life.
Man I could use some of this energy right about now. 
This image will be in history books
Nature will sure feel the burn after Hillary lets corporations have their way with it.
doesn't matter now does it.
Man i wanted to win. I just cant believe how so many people dont care about what happened. Its sad and depressing. If they dont care about this then what are people capable of?
/r/RiseUPP
Seeing that happen in person was so amazing. 
Someone should make this into a poster.
We didn't deserve Bernie just yet. We, as a nation need to learn. Trial and error unfortunately. 
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CegR3dhW4AAN2M8.jpg
Bernie's best endorsement was from a bird. Let that sink in.
okay I'm sorry but who the fuck actually cares. this event was random. in no way did the bird land on Bernies podium because he thought he was a good candidate. this circle jerk has gone too far
if only birds could vote
The good ol' days
Alright, it's time to shut this sub down.
Remember when you learned that a fucking **bird** doesn't win elections, and means absolutely nothing?
That was the best! 
[removed]
He's smiling because if he won he was going to tax the bird too.
Now we all just feel berned after the HRC endorsement.
[removed]
Now that he sold out, we're giving away free train tickets and coats:

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=OwDiPrFCM0M
Still not voting for Hilary.

Bernie should have endorsed Johnson. Their positions are remarkably close.
https://soundcloud.com/will-pflaum-1/phlogiston-35-down-with-democrats
can we get a pick of hillary callin gin a drone strike on that bird bc shes everything that is not freedom?
Fuck that bird. It's a symbol of innocence and hope, and then THE BIRD gets shot on. It's a symbol of our good efforts and intentions being shit on by corruption and lies. That bird landed there as if to say, I'll shit all over you. Yay us.
Good, I'm glad.
Got to remember to take congress
A clear sign he is not totally sold on her. Thank God.
What?  Of course not!  It would be a massive violation of trust to hand over an email list to any candidate.  This has nothing to do with Bernie supporting or not supporting her candidacy.
This is why he is my champion.
Well it means he is smart enough to not ruin the list.
It's nice to know he still pushing other progressives forward
Smart Man.
Then why did I start getting Clinton emails they day the DNC began?
So now everyone has no excuse not to sign up for ourrevolution.com
Thank god. I mean, i've already recieved Correct the Record and hillary emails but definitely cussed them out like i was donna mother fucking brazille. 
This is huge news. So much of the reason that the activism of the Obama coalition fizzled after 2008 was the campaign's possession of The List. Once they wanted everyone to shut up and get in line on policy, all they had to do was stop sending emails.

It's a bit harder to do that when the President can't just quietly ask her own people to chill out with the aggressive campaigning around whatever issue Bernie is pushing at the moment.
Thank goodness.
Good
Better not. Id be pissed if I got a email from Clinton 
thanks god I haven't even gotten any DNC or Hillary emails.  I think they know not to send one to me.  

Thank God.  
OMG IT'S MY LAST SHITPOST HERE WHAT DO I DO WHAT DO I DO AAAAAHHHHHHH
Best of luck in 2020!

Don't forget the 2018 midterms! Change happens at every level.
Good luck with your run!
The energy here was unbelievable and when you live in a red state and see your state have the largest caucus in history (Boise Idaho), I can tell you, you all have been an absolute connection for me and many of us who need it when we feel that no one gets it.  I am pretty emotional right now, and I am forging into the political revolutions site along with some other reddit subthreads.  I am sure for many of us, our families may appreciate us not checking in so often, but I will tell you, you guys have become like an extended family-a smart and loving family.  We have fought for good, questioned each other, and teamed like nothing I have ever seen. My favorite moment was buying pizza for our friends in line across the country and watching the pizza arrive live on televisions.  WE have made an impact, but I am not going to lie, I am feeling pretty down right now...this is hard. We have impacted the world and that is no small feat.  Thank you Bernie.  I am going to miss you. Thank you.
Now that Sanders is not running for the presidency anymore, I would expect to see much less trolling here.
Who's idea was it to shut down a community of 225,000 progressives? Revolutions depend on people coming together. This is awful. 
Uh ... wasn't there a whole bunch of people over the past week who said that this place should stay open? Or that there should be some sort of community decision? The forced migration to /r/Political_revolution will shed more users.

Moderation should be handed over to community volunteers.
Thanks for trying to be a voice of reason, sad it didn't work out.

> find a way to merge into /BernieSanders or drop the "For President" portion somehow

Reddit doesn't have that functionality, subs are stuck with their original names.
Glad to see at least one mod fought to keep this, thank you for that(you're also my most upvoted mod!).  

Unfortunately, thousands of us have lost faith in not only the political process, but also the modding that was done here and will be continued on /r/political_revolution  This forced move is making an unhealable fracture in one of the strongest communities around and seems like something straight out of the Clinton playbook "Disqualify, Defeat, Unite later"  Sorry but there is no unity here.  The other mods have failed this movement.
> The name of our sub might be strange going forward, but it really is about the community.

Exactly this. Turn the sub into /r/BernieSanders and let the /r/ name serve as a reminder of our roots.
So, is the subreddit closing or not? 
So after a few weeks or month of cooling down, how do we contact anyone to resurrect s4p if enough people want that to happen?  Specifically, where will the key to the room reside?  With multiple known mods or one or none?
Here is a goodbye for all the people trying to post goodbye but are stealth banned or automoderated!
> Anyways, I had to get this off my chest. I agree with many of the points the community has brought up & I hold onto a sliver of hope that this sub will find a way to merge into /BernieSanders or drop the "For President" portion somehow. You have my word that I will work my hardest to make this happen.  
  
Thank you for this post, you are summing up the feelings of many of us. You laid out a terrific case, and the quoted portion seems like an excellent solution. We as the community will provide whatever help you guys need running /r/BernieSanders. Hope it happens!
Yes yes yes, keep it live and functioning. 
If you're tired of how the mods here have dismissed you (as a member since Bernie announced I know I am) feel free to join some of us on /r/politicalprogressives we're trying our hardest to be a trolling free sub for all progressives especially members who have been here for a long time.
Some good arguments in the OP. Highlighting what /u/webconnoisseur said:  
  
 The potential for organic growth for /r/Political_Revolution is greater if this sub is open. There are 225 THOUSAND reddit users subscribed here. If we can reform /r/BernieSanders to incorporate those subscribers, then it will allow more gradual spillover. Bernie is very relevant, people will still search for him. People will still stop by here. The more often it happens, the more likely it is we foster new activists for the other sub.  
  
 There will still be articles about the election, and about Bernie's work in general. Not many people fall into a single bucket, and Senator Sanders has brought together a diverse group of people. Look at his coalition--in addition to stalwart democrats, he's united far left progressives, true independents, young voters. There is a sense of community for the first time in many users' political lives, even if they've been a part of the system for a very long time.  
  
 The WikiLeaks situation. This is an election like no other. I can understand shifting the name from S4P to (hopefully) /r/BernieSanders. But Julian Assange has become a wildcard like no other. We are sitting on the edge of our seats waiting for the next release. Yes, if the sub is archived, it could be reopened when more leaks come out, but the conversation would be dampened. There will be some decline in volume as we move away from the end of the primary process, but it is important to keep a sense of community together.  
  
In closing, logistically, if /u/webconnoisseur can strike a deal with Reddit, then this seems like a perfect solution. Many of us would be happy to volunteer any help possible, to make sure the sub isn't brigaded, and to make sure it doesn't get out of control.
[deleted]
Goodbye fam. 
[removed]
Thank you mods! Thank you Bernie. Thank you! 
Will truly miss this sub. This was the place I'd check everyday for Sanders news and activism. Helped with our donation goals. Was in our mega-threads for a majority of the primaries. See you guys on r/Political_Revolution. 
Greatest campaign of all time.
Testing... 

Edit :  /u/webconnoisseur
BernieForever OP. He's started something truly global and has woken up so many people young and old.

I'm glad I got introduced to so many amazing people in politics, mainstream and grassroots, who believe in a sustainable and fair planet, with a government of the people, for the people and by the people.

Till all our comments get archived 6 months from now or sooner, so long and thanks for all the fish! And to new beginnings elsewhere. 
Thank you! Finally someone listened! Please give more time for transition. Troll will die out and it will gain focus. Just give it like a couple of months down time. Thanks again!
Still hasn't shut down? Bye again!
last post?
[deleted]
Neither was I. What'll I laugh at now?
Atleast we can take something from her,  just on principal.   God knows she will wind up as Chief of Staff in a Clinton administration. 
The one getting trashed on s4p yesterday?
Sorry, but didn't he say right after he was disappointed they disrupted the event? 
No, this was fucking rude of them. It was his rally, he paid for it, not them. 
His handling of black lives matters was a weak point to me
Remember when content was allowed that was not an eulogy on a funeral?

The path is clear Trump wins in november and we storm the gates with Bernie at the helm.
[deleted]
[removed]
I'm gonna miss you guys.  
It has been an honor.
Sleep well, my friends, for tomorrow, we continue to fight
Was about to say something and then saw it was the last line in your post.
And hopefully when this cesspool gets locked the hatred and idiocy will fade away (you REALLY have to appreciate the constant reference to "the struggle" and "marching with Sanders" alongside "The country needs to learn a lesson, I'll vote for Trump"...). And then, on the off chance Sanders is at all remembered, it will be for promoting progressive ideals and not making a machine of hate and stupidity that got away from him.
If he had won Iowa and then New Hampshire, this would have been a very different election. Even just a fraction of a win percent in Iowa would have completely changed the narrative after Iowa and New Hampshire.

Don't show me this. It's just too much to bear anymore.
True, but we have no time for this now. We must push forward ASAP. 

Tim Canova needs our help in southern Florida to kick out DWS. Help phonebank: https://timcanova.com/phonebank/
What if that 0.2% went the other way? What if South Dakota (2008) was the last state she won?

Whisper...
LOL. Would have meant something if the Democrat party wasn't run by rats.
Yes, immortalized by this: http://www.theonion.com/article/retreating-clinton-campaign-torches-iowa-town-slow-52261
Our Bernie Davenport headquarters office was chocked full of people watching the live results on TV. We had tons of food and a lot of volunteers in from St. Louis. The GOTV weekend before was also so much fun, my house was a staging location. :)
In retrospect, the shocking thing about Iowa is that he lost. He wins Iowa easily if its anything but the first state. Probably the thing with Nevada.
Yep I voted that night then watched the results on TV. 
So many good memories from this revolution. I remember the passion and excitement from these close races. I love you Bernie and thank you for everything. 
I was never as involved in a election as in this primary. I am a 19 year old German boy who was never in the united states but is feeling the bern since the beginning. Before Bernie announced his campaign I was a supporter of Elizabeth Warren. But a week after Bernie announced his campaign I supported him on nearly every issue. I got goose bumps from every Youtube ad, I only registered here because of Bernie. (my username = Ber[nie]+[Ger]many)

I was phonebanking nevertheless being rather shy and having bad knowledge of speaking English. I was texting for Bernie to almost 1000 persons and discussing with Hillary supporters. Bernie was the background of my Whatsapp and mobile phone, I talked about him in economic class, my birthday presents included pictures of him,  I was awake up to 6 AM because of the time difference and I want to know the results of every primary and his speeches live. 

And I am still feeling the bern and literally loving this old guy.
God damn the nostalgia flowing back. We came a long way from April 2015. We need to go a lot further. 
Be prepared, [TPP: Top Lobbyist Says TPP Will Probably Become Law Soon After Nov. 8th](http://www.washingtonsblog.com/2016/07/tpp-top-lobbyist-says-tpp-will-probably-become-law-soon-nov-8th.html)
Did Tulsi endorse HRC?
Yeah. I know many economists and other people say "but its good for the economy". Those people need to realize that what's good for the economy is not neccessarily good for the environment, people, or human rights.


Right now all I see is the economic benefit with nothing indicating that it would be good for anything else. That's not good enough.
Anyone have a non-bias rundown of the TPP and why each group considers each tpoic good and bad?
Hey your TVs will be $5 cheaper! You'll be out of a job and most of the actual production savings will simply go to the owners of capital further destroying any semblance of equality or the shade of the ghost of the American dream... But, hey, $5!
Continue the fight with Tulsi Gabbard over at 

* r/Tulsi 
* r/PoliticalRevolutionHI
* r/Political_Revolution
* [@GrassrootsTulsi](https://twitter.com/GrassrootsTulsi)
* [GRT Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/grassrootstulsi/)
Tulsi cast her vote for Bernie! She is pro ebvironment
Take the [WikiLeaks US poll](https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/758855786806190080): Who will you vote to become President?
OMG that was great. I love her. Tulsi Gabbard is the only other public figure in involved with this election that matched Bernie's integrity. She recognized early on that the DNC was not playing by the rules and rather tow the line, protested and left to avoid a conflict of interest. If the DNC establishment had any integrity at all, they would have all left the DNC to support Hillary Clinton.

Tulsi Gabbard 2020/2024
Then why is Trump the only politician who has vowed to stop this?

Why doesn't HRC and the DNC allow no TPP signs in the convention? 
What middle class? :/
Not enough garlic is a-bad! 
[deleted]
Of course it is. Anything that will bring up the working class at home or abroad will hurt the middle class in America. 
Tulsi is wrong on this one.TPP benefits American consumers who don't work in low-end manufacturing as well as manufacturing workers in the developing world. Manufacturing jobs are the reason China became a middle-income country and lifted hundreds of millions of people out of extreme poverty. This has also happened throughout the developing world. TPP isn't perfect, I don't like the expansion of intellectual property protections for example. But it's a huge, multi-national trade deal, it's never going to be perfect. There are better, more economically efficient ways to protect the income security of working Americans, such as a universal basic income. Ultimately TPP is a net-benefit for all countries involved.
I I find it hard to believe he is still alive 
The Devil is in the detail ;)
This night meant so much to me. Going into it, part of me wondered if it'd be over after Iowa. I've never been so happy to be wrong 
Pittsburgher here. Bernie is about us in the US not him.
 I was on my way to help my niece move out of her Pitt apartment when I saw Rob Beckwith, the original Pittsburghers for Bernie organizer, (Schenley Plaza May 2015) walking on O'Hara with a backpack and heavy grocery bags. So I picked him up.He is very dispirited. Send him some love Berners for Justice, pittsburghforberniesanders@gmail.com

And keep in mind now is our time!! 62 % of American like NEITHER Hill or Trump. Now is Third Party Time (and Billary still thinks it is just more third way, procorporate, probankster, pro war time. HeeHee.) Bernie always said it was us not him. Let's prove him right. Let's get this Real Dem Party started! I have 50 Bernie visors to which I have attached white fluffy hair. If donning one will make you feel better let me know. In the mean time read this funny synopsis of the Dem Convention and think about organization and action; http://www.counterpunch.org/2016/07/28/night-of-the-hollow-men-notes-from-the-democratic-convention/

and

http://www.counterpunch.org/2016/07/29/she-stoops-to-conquer-notes-from-the-democratic-convention/

Come help build a viable 3rd party! r/nprogparty
Hasn't this been determined to be fake?
Yeah, im gonna say thats fake.
Yep!  Loved that one!  The pens in the pocket always cracked me up, though...
That's freaking great!  I started dying of laughter after seeing that!
im part of history
Do you... do you think he knows?
But a hair style that looks like a toupee , that screams classy. 
It's up to us to keep this movement going. It makes me so happy to see such a movement gather over the past year or so. 

He did his part in rallying young voters, proving that change should and will be made. And as sad as it is that we lost, we still have so many opportunities ahead of us. So give it what you got.
I've been following and supporting his campaign since May. Fuck this sub for throwing away an organizing platform.
Do not let us lose our voices.
Cheers my friend!
Cheers! It's been great being part of this community. I learned a lot and I am grateful for the experience. I hope that the community can be reformed with better user experience and moderation. Adieu!
Where can I buy one?
Sometimes I forget about this. Being introduced to Killer Mike's music was a highlight of the campaign for me. 
I'd legitimately buy a print of this.
Beautiful. Love reliving my favorite moments from the campaign.
Thank you for this.
Dank. I want this as a tattoo.
It's just pandering.
I'm right there with you, a gen Xer who has never been on Reddit except for this sub. I still don't really know what Reddit is. To me it will always and only be that place on the Internet where young (mostly), passionate Bernie supporters did as much as anyone in the country to help the campaign and the revolution.
Green Party? 
I keep coming back here like every hour as if this sub is going to be here after the next 3 hours
I may disagree with him about supporting HRC but the man is still a hero to me.
Powerful moment!
Pittsburgher here. I was on my way to help my niece move out of her Pitt apartment when I saw Rob Beckwith, the original Pittsburghers for Bernie organizer, (Schenley Plaza May 2015) walking on O'Hara with a backpack and heavy grocery bags. So I picked him up.He is very dispirited. Send him some love Berners for Justice, pittsburghforberniesanders@gmail.com

(And keep in mind now is our time!! 62 % of American like NEITHER Hill or Trump. Now is Third Party Time (and Billary still thinks it is just more third way, procorporate, probankster, pro war time. HeeHee.)Bernie always said it was us not him. Let's prove him right. Let's get this Real Dem Party started! I have 50 Bernie visors to which I have attached white fluffy hair. If donning one will make you feel better let me know. In the mean time read this funny synopsis of the Dem Convention and think about organization and action; http://www.counterpunch.org/2016/07/28/night-of-the-hollow-men-notes-from-the-democratic-convention/

and

http://www.counterpunch.org/2016/07/29/she-stoops-to-conquer-notes-from-the-democratic-convention/

Probably my favorite Bernie song - [Hey Bernie Sanders by Happytown](http://bernthology.com/hey-bernie-sanders-performed-by-happytown/)
Favorite Bernie rap song - [A Future to Believe In  by Katie Hazdovac](http://bernthology.com/a-future-to-believe-in-original-bernie-rap-by-katie-hazdovac/)
One of my favorite 3d artworks - [Not Fir Sale - Wood Vibe Tribe](http://bernthology.com/knot-fir-sale/)
Favorite speech cartoon - [Don't Tell Me](http://bernthology.com/dont-tell-me/)
Pittsburgher here. I was on my way to help my niece move out of her Pitt apartment when I saw Rob Beckwith, the original Pittsburghers for Bernie organizer, (Schenley Plaza May 2015) walking on O'Hara with a backpack and heavy grocery bags. So I picked him up.He is very dispirited. Send him some love Berners for Justice, pittsburghforberniesanders@gmail.com

(And keep in mind now is our time!! 62 % of American like NEITHER Hill or Trump. Now is Third Party Time (and Billary still thinks it is just more third way, procorporate, probankster, pro war time. HeeHee.)Bernie always said it was us not him. Let's prove him right. Let's get this Real Dem Party started! I have 50 Bernie visors to which I have attached white fluffy hair. If donning one will make you feel better let me know. In the mean time read this funny synopsis of the Dem Convention and think about organization and action; http://www.counterpunch.org/2016/07/28/night-of-the-hollow-men-notes-from-the-democratic-convention/

and

http://www.counterpunch.org/2016/07/29/she-stoops-to-conquer-notes-from-the-democratic-convention/

This brought tears to my eyes. Reminds me of happier times when I was full of hope and believed we could actually have an honest, good human in the White House. 
One of those magical moments that I'll never forget. I love the way he looked at the bird and kind of shrugged his shoulders - so adorable and real!  And then to find out Portland had a "put a bird on it" slogan....ah, the great laughs and energy and enthusiasm and incredible artistic creations that were unleashed the next days.  A moment I will treasure.
i remember at one of the big rallies where it was deafening and they wouldn't stop, he had this genuine thank you guys look that i'll never forget. this man has literally changed my outlook on life that I didn't think was possible, the kind of only in the movies or tv kind of way. None of this is hyperbole or exaggeration and as an atheist, I'll say this man is as close to a messiah as I think we will ever see. someone who literally at all personal cost will make hardest of all choices and put his self interests and pride aside for the better of the country.

the anger we all feel should drive us all to make sure, the revolution doesn't die.
[This one's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lkqb1pQrCcg) close.

Different kind of smile though.
I was there - his smile lit up the the whole stadium! I will never forget it! 
A minute and a half that electrified the campaign and gave us a beloved symbol for our candidate. Watching it gets me, every time. 
Every time I see him smile, I can't help but do so myself. Truly one of a kind
Tears. 
Oh hillarys smiles are genuine, just in the way that is evil. 
Yes, true beauty.
[Nina Turner and Tulsi Gabbard](https://twitter.com/clasalle63/status/758527368247902208) especially can be huuuge leaders of this movement
[removed]
Although probably less evil than DWS (not a huge standard), there are some hints that Canova actually is something of a piece of shit pandering to progressives, or heavily pandering for pro-apartheid center-right in his district. [From an article in his website](https://timcanova.com/news/insurgency-left):

Hints that Bernie's economic policy is mostly moronic rant:
> For one, in contrast to Bernie Sanders, whose guiding ethos seems to be "Bash the Millionaires and BillionairesDetails TK," Canova actually knows what he's talking about.

Opposes the Iran deal:
> But even more un-Bernie-like, Canova is hitting Wasserman Schultz from the right on some issues.
For example, Canova is a staunch opponent of the Iran nuclear deal, which Wasserman Schultz supports.

Brags about hanging around in a conservative think-thank:
> Canova worked on a kibbutz for a few months as a young man and has returned to Israel some half-dozen times, including on a program sponsored by the Foundation for Defense of Democraciesa conservative think tank in Washington not often associated with liberal Democrats.

Semi-Trump stance on immigration:
> Given Canova's focus on economics and willingness to be ideologically heterodox, I ask him his views on immigration. Reams of scholarly work, after all, have shown that mass illegal immigration hurts U.S. workers' wages, particularly among the low skilled. But prominent Democrats like Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz are increasingly unlikely to say anything negative about illegal immigration. "I've never been against border security at all," says Canova, who also notes that fans of Ayn Rand support open borders. 
Consider adding /r/WayOfTheBern to your list of subscribed subs.

We will be following Bernie style positive political efforts, candidates, groups, activism, while offering community and as much fun as we can muster during this difficult election season to come!

90 some days, until it's all over!  Then, work for the mid-terms begins and there will be a lot to do.

Thanks SFP, you guys kicked a lot of ass and it will be forever remembered fondly by a lot of people.

ONWARD!


[removed]
How can you support Canova and go for Hillary in the general?

Explain this please. It is simply not justifyable.

DWS isn't even going to have time for her constituents once she has her lips fully sewed to Hillarys anus
I was at this event! It was so amazing! 
I would up vote this but I have absolutely boycotted NPR.
I think Bernie supporters should bombard his twitter account with tweets about this, or write e-mails to his "campaign". Let him know this is something he should be focusing on.
It's images like this that make me want to bury my head in the sand and pretend Sanders got the nomination 
Did he turn his back?
Never saw this light display after that day! I was on the floor with NY
Pittsburgher here. I was on my way to help my niece move out of her Pitt apartment when I saw Rob Beckwith, the original Pittsburghers for Bernie organizer, (Schenley Plaza May 2015) walking on O'Hara with a backpack and heavy grocery bags. So I picked him up.He is very dispirited. Send him some love Berners for Justice, 
pittsburghforberniesanders@gmail.com

(And keep in mind now is our time!! 62 % of American like NEITHER Hill or Trump. Now is Third Party Time (and Billary  still thinks it is just more third way, procorporate, probankster, pro war time. HeeHee.)Bernie always said it was us not him. Let's prove him right. Let's get this Real Dem Party started!
I have 50 Bernie visors to which I have attached white fluffy hair. If donning one will make you feel better let me know.
In the mean time read this funny synopsis of the Dem Convention and think about organization and action;
http://www.counterpunch.org/2016/07/28/night-of-the-hollow-men-notes-from-the-democratic-convention/

and

http://www.counterpunch.org/2016/07/29/she-stoops-to-conquer-notes-from-the-democratic-convention/
FYI, while millions of American families went into bankruptcy and foreclosure, Blackstone bought up all those homes, and is in the process of cashing out while by selling to families with higher mortgage debt.

Edit: down in the comments someone asked How banks create money...

https://youtu.be/YnAtHbDptj8

Im on mobile, but if you watch starting at 2:30 - 7:00 you can get a gist of how banks create money.

The whole video is worth watching more than once.
Follow.the.money.  Should be a red flag that every elite and major donor from both parties is funding Hillary.
This is no surprise to me. As usual, HRC's words in public do not give me any confidence regarding her actions in private, unfortunately.
What are we doing?

How the fuck has this happened?

All of this

What the fuck is going on with the world?!
Here some more details on "funding": http://www.wsj.com/articles/hedge-fund-money-48-5-million-for-hillary-clinton-19-000-for-donald-trump-1469784601
This means she not only understands it, she is actively involved in it and knows it's bad.
Hillary must not win. 
Hopefully after law school I can get into Blackstone. Get in there and you're set for life pretty much
[removed]
Assange will destroy her, you'll see.

https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/759116907308023808
"Lesser of two evils"
Holy shit. Do you fucking idiots know what Blackstone does? If so, can you bernouts please help me reconcile Blackstone's advisory services with shadow banking? 


When is Nate going to add electoral fraud to his "polls-plus" model?
I just wanted to see this posted one... last... time.

This is how far we came, everybody. This is what they thought of us last July.
*Lights out*
Typo seems apropos.
In that heat... I am impressed.
[$99.84](http://www.rageon.com/products/bernie-sanders-paparazzi-onesie?utm_medium=cpc&utm_source=googlepla&gclid=CMfU6ITLmc4CFcVbhgodcasGMw)
Hahaha I took a picture of him, too! I was impressed that he was wearing that on Monday. Also props to the older woman who was [walking around in the Hillary rubber mask as "Lady McDeath"](http://imgur.com/KJAAUeA).
I can pretty much guarantee that if you hung out with that guy over a weekend,  sooner or later you'd hear his thoughts about "the universe".
im not sure how 2 feel bout dis..
/r/cringe
Looking like a younger, long - haired Hax F. $
Makes sense since he needs someone to support him
I don't know where you're from, but that isn't a onesie (thank god).
As a Hillary supporter, I want to thank you for this picture.
[deleted]
Remember we only thought the DNC rigged it for Hillary?

Now we know it. The revolution dies if those in power get their way.

We can not mutually go for Hillary in the general and campaign against the honorary chair of her campaign.


Pittsburgher here. I was on my way to help my niece move out of her Pitt apartment when I saw Rob Beckwith, the original Pittsburghers for Bernie organizer, (Schenley Plaza May 2015) walking on O'Hara with a backpack and heavy grocery bags. So I picked him up.He is very dispirited. Send him some love Berners for Justice, pittsburghforberniesanders@gmail.com

(And keep in mind now is our time!! 62 % of American like NEITHER Hill or Trump. Now is Third Party Time (and Billary still thinks it is just more third way, procorporate, probankster, pro war time. HeeHee.)Bernie always said it was us not him. Let's prove him right. Let's get this Real Dem Party started! I have 50 Bernie visors to which I have attached white fluffy hair. If donning one will make you feel better let me know. In the mean time read this funny synopsis of the Dem Convention and think about organization and action; http://www.counterpunch.org/2016/07/28/night-of-the-hollow-men-notes-from-the-democratic-convention/

and

http://www.counterpunch.org/2016/07/29/she-stoops-to-conquer-notes-from-the-democratic-convention/

Sanders has made it abundantly clear that his ideas and his goals have the best chance of becoming reality with Hillary Clinton, and that he wants his supporters to support her too. Anyone not voting for her is not #StillSanders. 
Completely agree!
r/nprogparty
Continue the fight with Tulsi Gabbard over at 

* r/Tulsi 
* r/PoliticalRevolutionHI
* r/Political_Revolution
* [@GrassrootsTulsi](https://twitter.com/GrassrootsTulsi)
* [GRT Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/grassrootstulsi/)
I have an idea for regulating Super PACs after Citizens United:

Tax Super PACs out of existence, like 99%.
But Clinton has gotten more money out of politics than any person alive! We need to listen to Hillary if we really want to get money by being a politician guys.
I love how every comment thus far is from a person who has completely missed the point and jumped headfirst into the very pool of rhetoric you were attempting to explain.

Your efforts to promote Bernie were not wasted. You made a grand fight of it. It's just that there's an investation of 4channers and summerkids that have currently taken residence in Reddit for the current election cycle, and they'd rather make memes and hashtags than actually put any tangible effort into getting someone elected.
I understand your plight. I am at a loss why the Berners are NOT plotting to run for every office in the land in 2018. Now is the time to start planning. But ifyou bring that up, you are a troll.
Thank God.  I voted for Bernie in the primary way back in March, and the reason I fully stopped supporting him wasn't due to his endorsement of Clinton, but it was because his supporters have devolved into a delusional mindset and meaningless, self-aggrandizing protest.  I will vote for Hillary not because she was my first choice, but because that's how the system works.  I'll take the down votes.

And for all those who think that Stein is a better choice and it isn't on them for having a Trump presidency, there is a quote that comes to mind:  "The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing."
>the few angry submitters left

I know you're a mod so you see waaay more than we do, but come on. This is just crazy. In the past month, tensions and emotions have run high for many of us who invested so much into Bernie's campaign; and while I certainly don't condone hate or conspiracy theories, I think it is okay that we haven't all reacted to the news or corruption with grace and humility.

Things will settle down. Trolls will move on (if they haven't already). It's awesome that we have those other subs, but this one still has a purpose. Many of us are still processing events from this past primary season, and we anticipate new, relevant information in the days, weeks, and months ahead. A good number of us *still want* to see Bernie become president. Maybe this isn't his year. Shutting down this sub a couple days after he lost his epic, historical bid for president seems like throwing out the baby with the bathwater.

I have a lot of respect for you guys, but it was also said over and over that closing the sub would ultimately be *our* choice. Most of the consensus I've seen in posts and comments these past few days has been to keep the sub open. Why can't we just let it fizzle out organically?
As I've said before, the greatest wars are fought on two fronts: for the good, and against the evil. /r/Political_Revolution is a great venue for the former, and it espouses much of what Sanders represented. But there is another side to the battle: absolutely rejecting neoliberalism which has hijacked the left over the past 25 years.  
  
It is incumbent on us to never stop that fight, and S4P (or maybe another successor sub designed for that purpose) can still serve that purpose. There is a massive subscriber base, and shutting down with a redirect will prevent organic growth of the /r/Political_Revolution sub, and allow the Third Way to win.  
  
I say this with all due respect to the mods' decision. Supporting and campaigning for downballot progressives is an absolute MUST. But it also is very important to not get complacent, and ensure our displeasure with the status quo is still heard.
I was not a fan of this sub and thus kept my distance out of respect which is probably why I never got banned. Just wanted to say I appreciate the tone and clarity of your parting post and wish you well. A lot of us on the other side liked the message but took a more gradual approach to achieving it and it sounds like you're the type of person that'll keep fighting the right fight and pushing the right buttons to sooner rather than later do just that. Best of luck.
Good shit fam
PLEASE! DO NOT shut this sub down. As other posts have mentioned, this is the only reason I'm on reddit. I am a 34 yr old college professor and department chair, and have learned more about public policy, voting, fraud, personal struggle, organizing a movement, and the power of people on this sub than from any of my political science or history faculty. I suspect many (who, like me, were suspected to know better) are in my company.

-/r/sandersforpresident

is a product of Bernie waking us up. It is not a child - it is ageless. It does not need to be put to bed when there is clearly plenty of gumption within it.

-/r/sandersforpresident

helps remind us we are not alone in our discontent. It is not a political machine. It is organic. It does not need to be dismantled and rebuilt at the risk of dismemberment.

-/r/sandersforpresident

fosters that sense of outrage Bernie validated for us. There is no reason not to keep it alive. Whatever the future, this is our stamp, our conversation, and this sub acts as a dialectical evolution of our journey toward public consciousness.

-/r/sandersforpresident

, its title, and content are an historical, if digital, moniker of the people - as long as it is alive, please do not kill it. If ever it slows to moot, memorialize it.

-/r/sandersforpresident
is among the people's history books - unedited, unabridged, raw, funny, clever, disrespectful, emotional, insightful, petty, profound, transparent, and, above all, absolutely necessary.  
No wonder there are people that are hesitant to use /r/Political_Revolution as a meeting point. The spite will follow into that sub not from the users, but from mods like you.

All I can say is good luck.
"Never ever lose your sesnse of outrage". And who said that?

I can see your arguments to a degree, there is sometimes unreasonable hate going around. But right now, on the frontpage most stuff I see is ads for Tulsi.

The anger is huge right now. Obviously, since we were screwed big time. And some people take stuff too far.

And that is still no justification to close this sub. You are DIVIDING the movement. Many people will not follow you after this decision out of nowhere, and the casual supporter might go completly. If you think there needs to be a more positive and healthy community, go for it, create it. But don't destroy the largest community, most important reddit Sanders community over it. 

In that sense "Not me. Us!"
[deleted]
You have no right to close the sub. If you dont want to moderate, fine. Leave and let others take over. The vast majority of the community wants the sub to remain active. Reddit admins absolutely need to step in. 
Yeah, go vote and endorse the person who stole our dreams. By rigging the election.
Election fraud happened throughout this election. Do you really believe what MSM tells you?

It isn't "straight out of /r/conspiracy". Just because Bernie didn't bring it up, doesn't mean it shouldn't be dicussed.

Why can the mods just step aside for a new mod team? Answer this, PLEASE.
You are not giving enough time for transition. We have long asked for asking community. Most people have told mods countless times they want this sub. You can take the poll. Closing it would be a grave mistakes. Troll are hre today, they will leave as the dust settles. We are grateful to you for your hard work but if you don't want to do moderate, why do not you leave and leave the moderation to volunteers? Why are you not letting community find an equilibrium. Like all living system we will find stasis. Why a group 5 to 10 people want to snap a chord on a place with 225K subscribers. This sub raised  $3 Million for Bernie. With upcoming leaks and Clinton's shenanigans, we want this place to be alive . If not for this sub, we won't know a lot of things. Once everything is released, all leaks are out there, this sub will find its place and start working for down ballot candidates. Hell, even now we work for them. We phone bank and raise money for Canova and Flores. many progressive candidates, come here and do AMA. They get exposed to this YUGE community. Closing this against the will of its subscribers is be a big and grave mistake. 
Well, thanks for this. People are angry and heart-broken. If you cannot understand that, then it is good you are shutting this down. Every act of creation involves destruction, so understand that and accept.  And try to learn  when to get out before the obvious occurs, so you don't act all dismayed. We are all maturing, some more than others. And mod: change your own heart/mind before you try changin' the world, bc you just sound immature and unwise. 
WOW, I see now that this mod and some others have placed us all in a bubble. We are all conspiracy theories even though the data suggest otherwise and we MUST follow what Bernie said because he is our leader and we should not question his judgement. I understand your job is hard moderator but we but we are not looney people. We can think ourselves and we understand that the election was rigged. Can you proof otherwise?
You're right, after the amount of censorship that began to happen in the last few months on this sub, it's better that the people who are truly passionate about the revolution go to a new sub where we can freely speak. 

Edit: I'm also going to point out that a majority of the people in this thread saying they're happy and OK with the decision to close this sub are contributors on very pro-Hillary subs. Unfuckingreal. 

Edit: banned from both this sub and political_revolution for calling out censorship in this sub. Great job, mods. I will continue the revolution without the censorship and CTR trolls in this sub. 
Lol mods are butthurt because people have opinions, bring up actual discussions about the state of the race, and won't parrot "party unity".

The well-thought-out posts, IMO, outweigh the odd exaggerated ones. As the convention happened, this sub kept all of us up to date, with relevant info that we couldn't see in the mainstream media. To say that discussion is bad because of divisive elements is wrong. To say that calling out Hillary supporters who provoke and call for unity without concession or dialogue is the reason to shut down this sub, doesn't seem very thoughtful. 

You may recall Bernie said a little thing about outrage, and I adhere to that value because of the chaos on the right and the centrism on the left. But he doesn't get the final say in this election on who to vote for. In fact, the onus is on Hillary to win Sanders' supporters over. And a little trolling and anger never hurt nobody, so carry on from here knowing what you know about the Democratic Party, about Bernie's politics, and about the political revolution. There are many more days and many more elections left to come, and we'll find new places to converge freely.

Edit: For old time's sake, please someone, come at me and Correct The Record. Just one last time. 
a lot of paid trolls showed up but this is a good place
This is classic overreaction and misrepresentation of what happened here. Problem is this place got infested with Hillary trolls. Whether they were CTR or not is not relevant. But they were Hillary trolls, that much is for sure. They came well prepared to troll this sub. The mods were not proactive in getting rid of this trolls. Some say that money CTR was spending, some of it found your pockets. I dunno. But this much for sure, if the mods had been proactive in dealing with trolls this would still be a great place.
So looks like CTR folks earning their last paycheck attacking s4p before it closes shop.  I've noticed a pronounced downturn in tone, upturn in ad hominen attacks and a brigade level of downvotes.

Take care people, it's getting silly out there.
It isn't a conspiracy to know the election was rigged... #DNCLeaks
Mods, please don't shut this down. Its not easy to gather 200k+ ppl on reddit. Use this sub to spread information and promote candidates who share the same ideas as Bernie. 

Bernie represents an idea. It was never about him. By shutting this sub down, you are removing a platform where we can spread the progressive ideas to as many ppl as possible. 
Why don't you put up a poll? If majority want it to be shut down, then you shut it. Follow a democratic process. 
We should keep a separate archive of this sub so we can assure things are not deleted after it is shut down in case there is a wikileaks release about CTR trolling.  
Green Party now?
I wish we could do this again, but for the entirety of the campaign.

Also, as a member of this community since it only had a few hundred people, I want to voice my strong disagreement on the end of this subreddit. It'll take another huge effort to get this many progressives from many different backgrounds in the same place again.

So long, /r/SandersForPresident. It's been great.
#feelthebern
Thanks for the memory.  Remember lighting up the map for New York?  So exciting.
Remember when the DNC stole the election and Hillary made the thief honorary campaign chair?
https://youtu.be/sbKnz6MowXw?t=46s
I will miss the lolz
I think what will happen is there will be a mix, and eventually there will be one sub, that because of mods, redditors whatever, will get big and there will be a gradual coalescing. I just went over to Political Revolution and there are many posts there on why I must vote for Hillary. So maybe that is not the progressive sub I will spend the most time at, as I feel uncomfortable with that, but I want to help elect progressives.. We will scatter like a flock of alarmed birds, but we will find a space again. Like we did at Bernie's podium.
We can all ignore political revolution. That sub is run by DNC plants
Hi `daedalusprospect`. Thank you for participating in /r/SandersForPresident. However, [your submission](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4va75m/the_community_is_already_fracturing/) did not meet the requirements of the [community guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules) and was therefore removed for the following reason(s): 

----

This subreddit is now is an activism-only mode. 

[Read more on the announcement thread.](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4k2um4/new_activism_mode_schedule/)






----

If you have any specific questions about this removal, please [message the moderators](https://www\.reddit\.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FSandersForPresident&subject=about my removed submission&message=I'm writing to you about the following submission: https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4va75m/the_community_is_already_fracturing/. %0D%0DMy issue is...). Hateful or vague messages will not receive a response. **Please do not respond to this comment.**
Continue the fight with Tulsi Gabbard over at 

* r/Tulsi 
* r/PoliticalRevolutionHI
* r/Political_Revolution
* [@GrassrootsTulsi](https://twitter.com/GrassrootsTulsi)
* [GRT Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/grassrootstulsi/)
TPP is STILL part of the DNC platform. They'll take some commas away, but they will still try to ram it through. And with Hillary as president it would be a guarantee that TPP is passed. 
Clinton will sign the bill when it comes to her desk. I wouldn't have cared if Bernie didn't make me, and I thank him for that
I wonder why this thread was locked:

https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4v3c15/fake_unity_at_the_dnc_reserved_seats_for_actors/
It is so amazing to me when I tell people about TPP/TiSA/TTIP how they don't know about it.

I direct them to the EFF to learn more.

https://www.eff.org/issues/tpp
But did it result in anything? It's hard to understand for most and while some will try to argue it's good if you know, the truth is it's not good for us.

Interestingly, Bernie was searched the most in February or so this year AND in 2008. What happened in 2008 to make Bernie nearly as popular as during his Presidential run?
[removed]
I've never heard. Him spell it out like that before... He knew it was his last big shot to stop it.
Climate change has to be the singular most-pressing issue today, and if TPP is signed, then you can forget forever about any necessary and meaningful global climate change relief.  The ISDS framework within TPP will destroy any potential profit loss to Big Carbon, and thus nuke any sort of climate change agreements to reduce greenhouse gases.


Sadly, I'm not sure there's much we can do to stop it, whether it get's brought to the floor during the lame-duck Obama days or whether or not Hillary brings it up in the first days of her new administration.  It's good that so many were finally blessed with clarity regarding the dysfunctional state of US politics this year, but the corporate-capture of the US government has been complete for many years, so all the people they need to be in place to carry this out, are already in place.


So, be sure not to reproduce, be kind to others, enjoy a nice, cold beverage when you can, and remember:  We all could have prevented what is to come, but we didn't.
I feel like I have to correct this statement:
The speech has generated the most google search interest in the tpp since records began [**in the USA**.](https://www.google.co.uk/trends/explore#geo&cmpt=q&q=TPP)
Let's be honest. It wasn't bernie mentioning it. It was the thousands of people outside protesting about it and holding up signs.
Can we bribe Hillary for her transcripts and press conferences? 
Great work pointing this out. Thanks!
There is a large chunk of the protests at the time.
So basically he's the most google search interest in the USA.
I have learned more from Bernie than any politician EVER. Thank goodness for Bernie..he lays it out where even I can understand.
Anyone Google "ocean acidification" off of his speech?
BERNIE!
Better than the "yea" voters for Brexit that started googling "what is the EU" after voting.
Damn, guilt
Just shows how uninformed the American public really are. How many times did sanders mention tpp throughout the primaries?! And people are only googling it now?!
TPP benefits consumers who don't work in low-end manufacturing as well as manufacturing workers in the developing world. Manufacturing jobs are the reason China became a middle-income country and lifted hundreds of millions of people out of extreme poverty. This has also happened throughout the developing world. TPP isn't perfect, I don't like the expansion of intellectual property protections for example. But it's a huge, multi-national trade deal, it's never going to be perfect.
Earliest records date back to 3500BC so that really says a lot.
Soooo basically this means sanders supporters don't actually know what the TPP is and finally decided to look it up?
I think if it was said from the beginning that Bernie and Our Revolution couldn't support this sub then there would be more community support for switching. Is r/Political_Revolution going to be the sub for Our Revolution or will the mods be deciding what's relevant there separately? I hope it will be focused on Our Revolution's goals because it feels kind of aimless now.

Edit: Side note: It's so bizarre that political spending by corporations is unlimited due to "free speech" but there are limitations on the campaign spending of politicians themselves. If money is truly speech it should all be unlimited.
> I hope you'll join us at r/Political_Revolution so that we can keep moving forward and working with Bernie.

Your best bet for having as many people as possible switching over the next few months is to keep /r/s4p open and continuously redirect to /r/P_R via x-posts and stickies. 
I read your entire post and this is the only reason I could find for why this sub, according to you, **must** be shut down.

>  And, what we're being told is that, if we want the continued support of and visits by Senator Bernie Sanders and members of Our Revolution, that we can't use Sanders For President for that purpose.

So let me get this straight. You are archiving this community because Bernie Sanders will be prevented from posting here?

Thats the only reason?

If so, thats really weak. Much as everyone here obviously respects the Senator, as he himself stated, the movement he started goes far beyond one man.

Redditors from all across the political spectrum have come to rely on this sub as a news source for the progressive base. You are throwing that away by shutting it down.

As for all the references to 501(c)s and other campaign laws, I dont see how thats relevant. If money changed hands, it was only in the form of donations to the campaign or its spin-off organizations. Or are you saying that /r/SandersForPresident has itself taken money from the community for its own benefit?
At the very least wait till emotions slow down or preferably activity slows, there's no need to hastily close this sub, even in the declaration of preservation.

The community seemingly overwhelmingly wants this sub to stay open so please mods, find a middle ground with us.
[deleted]
let's face it. clinton has more money behind her & can afford an army of lawyers to harass & suppress Our Movement. We may have lost the first key battles but we have to keep fighting. Too much has been revealed to just pack up & sit out. There is a coordinated effort being launched at stiffling pro-bernie groups/causing chaos/ mis-information & discord. We need to organize/join local groups that can get involved with local politics in a manner that can change the system from the bottom up. With enough love, determination & faith we can overcome the corruption & suppression that has marred this election cycle in the great United States of America. Bless us all!
I understand where you are coming from with all of this. My issue with shutting down the sub is that **I still want Bernie Sanders to be President**. I don't care what the DNC says, I don't even care what Bernie Sanders himself says. I want him to be president. If you have changed what you are fighting for, that's fine, go make a new sub and no longer be affiliated with this one. But you don't need to destroy this sub in the process. 
Thank you, OP. This was a really nice read. I'm glad this was as important to you as it was to us.

-In Solidarity
Thank you so much for all that you have done for this sub, Bernie and the community. Few people know that you basically ran the sub almost on your own for a big chunk of its existence while it was picking up steam. 
[deleted]
That's all heartwarming and cute, but this is stil an awful decision that makes no sense. In addition, no explanation was given for the strange behavior of the initial trigger happy mod. My understanding now is that the mods were indeed pressured into destroying this place, because it WILL be a great handicap to the coordination of Bernie supporters. 

A huge wall of text only to say with the least clarity that the mods are still killing the sub. Not the best lie I've read also, blaming Reddit for a name change, while there's no real problem with the name. It could very well be a sub where people are nostalgic of the presidential campaign. 
Thank you for all the work you and the other mods have done!!
The revolution continues!
Finally, *finally*, a reasonable explanation. I don't agree with shutting the sub down, but for the first time I see some kind of reason or logic to it. Thankyou, /u/writingtoss for giving us an explanation. We deserved it, and you deserve to not have a year of hard work shat on because of some questionable decisions.

Brothers and sisters, it has been a pleasure and an honor to volunteer alongside you, and to share the anxiety of primary nights in livethreads through this year. I arrived in this country 3 years ago and never dreamed I would feel so connected to my fellow residents, and more excited about becoming a fellow citizen.

Thankyou Bernie, for bringing us together, giving us hope, and showing that integrity has no price-tag or age limit. We love you so, so much!
How come Aiden was in r/enoughsandersspam and when someone said something to the effect of "they should shut that sub reddit down."  Aiden replied something like, "working on it."  Why would he be in a sub that hates on Bernie in the first place and why would he tell people that hate Bernie that he was working on shutting our sub down?
Another example of how the mods here are nothing but a pack of Jabronis.
Thanks for the service you have given to the community. I know what it means to be a volunteer and still be at the receiving end of the people you have helped and worked for with nothing in return. Don't get dismayed about it, which I am sure you haven't. And don't worry about how many of us appreciate you or loathe you for all your untold efforts and stories of sleep deprivation and exhaustion. This is what it means to be in service of a community or a cause, when you only think of the cause and nothing else. And to me that's like a steadfast stone against a torrent of water. I think this is also what it takes to be a leader. I would have been glad to be in your place for the things you got to learn and the experiences you got to share but I wouldn't have persisted as long as you have. Wear it as a badge of honor and you have already contributed to a big turn in history by stoking the embers of a revolution in a place which has grown to have millions of views and hundred thousands of subscribers. I wish you all the best.
Thank you for all of your hard work. I killed myself for a year. I already dem exited and went Green. I plan on supporting progressives like Tim Canova and others. What is the difference between Our Revolution, PR and Sanders institute. Also how do you plan on keeping those who go Green with the Revolution. The green party has the same platform as Bernie'
s. There are a lot of people like me who went or will go green but can still campaign for progressive Dems like making calls and donating. Why don't you keep us all together? Thanks again for this sub reddit. You will be losing a lot of potential callers, campaigners and donators by shutting it down. Take care.
Awesome. So happy. Thanks for the good news. I was hoping there'd be a community like this for Our Revolution. See ya there!
Much love to all, and thanks for the memories. 

I wish you good fortune in the wars to come. 
The feels on this. 

Thank you so much, Senator. 
Thank you writingtoss for everything.
I have some questions:

Why can't we keep the sub open or readable at least until everyone from this sub joins whatever sub we're all moving to? Is it illegal to leave the sub viewable? Can someone download/archive the whole sub so we don't lose all the intellectual value of the policy arguments made in it?

Does the nonprofit rule still apply if none of the mods work for the nonprofit it's supporting? I don't quite understand that point. I feel like it'd be similar to me picking up a Salvation Army sign I found on the ground and putting it in my yard or walking down the sidewalk with it. Or maybe that's different, idk, this is so frustrating.

What exactly is wrong with the name SandersForPresident? Does this mean all the Facebook/Twitter/Instagram/etc accounts are also being closed down - or can they stay open and send out messages about where to find the new accounts?

I went on a [rant](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4v2p0k/dnc_mega_thread_day_4_all_posts_regarding_dnc_go/d5w49q2) elsewhere before seeing the explanation in this post and while the explanation provided in this thread calmed me down a bit, I can't believe this. I'll see people who want to continue Bernie's fight in r/Tulsi r/Green r/GreenParty r/JillStein r/BernItDown r/Kossacks_for_Sanders r/PoliticalProgressives r/Political_Revolution r/Progressive r/RiseUPP r/SandersForPrecedent r/StillSandersForPres r/TimCanova r/TurnerGabbard2020 r/WayOfTheBern (I would say r/Liberal but it seems to be very pro-establishment). Let me know if there are similar subs I haven't yet joined and please encourage others to join them / join in the conversation on other social media sites. The revolution will continue.

Asking this twice because I don't want to lose it - can someone please download/archive the whole sub (or tell me how to do it) so we don't lose all the intellectual value of the policy arguments made in it?

**Edit**: also, is it possible to send every subscriber (or everyone who has commented) in the sub a PM directing their attention to the new sub? Can someone ask the Reddit admins about as a compromise for not being able to rename the sub?
How about just brining back /r/BernieSanders (Like /r/ElizabethWarren)? Currently it's just a staging site that redirects to here. 
I lurked this sub for months, but was never an active member until recently.

I'd like to thank you for your work in the previous year, and for being transparent about this decision.

Do you have statistics over time about the amount of active users participating in this sub and in /r/political_revolution ?

I bet most of the 220k subscribers are no longer active, and it would be interesting to try to estimate how many people we'd lose by closing this sub.
Thanks for this, looking forward to continuing the struggle at the new sub
I still don't understand why ye can't just move the official campaigning to the new sub and keep this open as an unofficial social one. However, assuming we aren't rescued at the eleventh hour, how long do we have before this one gets closed?
So am I correct in assuming you'll be leaving this subreddit open and handing it over to moderators who want to keep the community alive?

I see no reason to shut it down (despite your attempt to scare people with vague campaign laws). This isn't a non-profit, nor is it a PAC or a campaign or anything else that's federally regulated. It's a random sub-section of a private website, the name of which has no bearing on anything.

This community belongs to the community. It's not yours to close.
[deleted]
On the subject of moving forward I would like to offer a final personal tribute.  
Here's a video of a heartfelt dance to 'Let It Go' while wearing homemade Canadian shirts and 3D glasses.  
Let me be clear, we move forward from this rallying point with our neighbors, not because we were left out in the cold, but because others are that we will help bring into a future that is so very real:  
EDIT: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IlK-hQGwroA&feature=youtu.be  
I might be minority here but I want to throw a party before it get shut down. 

My fav moment of this sub is during the April fools day with all the Memes. . Lets leave on a positive and high note. Go out with a bang! 
Thank you for being open and, I am hoping, honest.
Why is this being downvoted?
I just want everyone to know, that while Sanders' campaign outperformed everyone's expectations, it is due in large part to the people here.

This is a difficult time for everyone, and I think the most important thing now is to not give up on the progressive agenda. While it was a lofty goal to win the Democratic nomination, it seemed to be a little too hard to actually pull off. 

My thoughts on the future: focus on local and state races. The rising stars of the Democratic Party need to work with the system to help shape the future. Starting a third party or trying to prop up the Green/Libertarian party is not the correct way (again, my opinion).

If we can successfully get progressives to hold office who want money out of politics at the local level (city councils, state representatives, etc), those same people are going to be the ones running for US House, Senate, or Governor in 10 years. It would have been amazing to get someone like Sanders nominated, but we need to work the ground game for smaller offices to build up our future.

Again, just my opinion, and I know a lot of people disagree. But I think the best way to affect change is to work with the system and not against it. Personally, I will be voting for Hillary Clinton. I think her speech last night was well done and brought a lot of credit to Sanders' campaign. But I'm not going to sit by and assume she will make everything better. I am going to donate, volunteer, and vote for the candidates where my individual voice can have the biggest impact. My city council and mayoral elections next year are where I am putting my focus.

I hope you all will join me in working toward electing true progressives to the smallest levels of government so we can build a strong force for higher offices in the future.
Ooh, last post for me on this sub. I want to thank Bernie for really shining a light on the issue of big money in politics, even though midway through the primary I found Clinton's policies a lot more desirable. What you guys did here took a lot of work, even though things didn't work out at the end. Cheers.
I'm putting all my efforts in opposing Hillary. She literally scares me more than Trump does at this point. Trump is a dolt. Hillary is Orwellian.
I think at the very least you should leave it for archival purposes.
This sub still up??
Just wait guys. When we get out of the shit that decades of corrupt and hardcore republicans that don't act in the favour of most people we will be in a position to elect a president like bernie again.
What a crazy wild ride! Thanks for all the hours you guys put in, I'm sure it was maddening at times. Probably most of the time!
I really don't know what to say right now, it's hard for me to find the right words.


I was never very active in politics..... but, because of Bernie, I got swept up, like all of you, in this movement (at 40yo).  I phonebanked, I canvassed, I did everything (and I'm the laziest person you could ever know).   And, while I live in Philadelphia, this month I am out of the country, so I was unable to be there for this final moment, with much, much regret.  I saw all the despondence on this sub when Bernie endorsed, even while I'm abroad now, and it's much harder to follow what's going on... And I gotta say, I saw the endorsement and I was ok... I was able to pick myself up the next day, and continue on.  Bernie did what he had to do, in the position he was in, and I understand that.  And I, as a voter, will do what I feel that I must do, in the position that I am in.


**BUT** - Hearing that this sub is closing.  This has brought more tears to my eyes than anything that has happened up until now.  I just don't have the right words.  I've been trying to get to a computer all night, where I am, so I can say goodbye to all of you, before midnight.  The people in this sub, and their energy, changed my life... I don't know how else to say it, and I can't think of a better way to write it before it's too late.  Thank you, all of you.


The struggle continues.
The onions man.
Thank you for providing a reasonable explanation besides "It's already been decided".
Has anyone considered renaming /r/Political_Revolution "Our _Revolution" now that a name has officially been put to the movement?

It just seems like using the official name would help centralize our online presence, and like sandersforpresident, give everyone involved an obvious common gathering place. It might also help ease the concerns some seem to have about the movement fragmenting after this sub shuts down, as there are already a few other places people are starting to go to.

Bearing the official name of the movement will set us apart from those other threads, and will make it clear where our new home is.   
Hillary didn't follow any of that at all.
[removed]
I really wish y'all wouldn't close the sub, but what will be will be, so thank you all for your hard work. It's been a pleasure. 
Can't believe we're saying goodbye...I spent so much time here. The passion in the ideas that brought us all here won't end anytime soon...I have faith in that.
It is really hard saying goodbye.
Nostalgic :)
[removed]
Of course he didn't.  He believes he is doing the right thing because

1. 15 months ago he said he would support the nominee, as a quid pro quo for the Dems not challenging his application to run as a Dem nominee in 50 states when he has been an Independent for 35 years

2. Bernie has a "socialist entryist" agenda of progressives, Social Democrats, Democratic Socialists etc boring into and taking over the Democratic party in much the same way the "Trotskyist entryists" who support Corbyn took over the establishment Labour party in the U.K.; that only works in a Dem government not a Republican government

3. Bernie has a real visceral fear of a Trump presidency and the destruction it would cause.

You may totally disagree with his conclusions, but he is trying to further the political revolution.

I'm more concerned about the woman behind him who's hand is melting into her face.
Yes! I knew there would be a post about this. His stone wall gaze said everything. Every decision he's had to make the past month has been incredibly difficult for him, but he did it gracefully. All done in order to keep building momentum behind the progressive agenda. I trust his judgement. He's fighting for us. 
before he agreed to endorse HRC, he made provisions she was to promise to keep. much of her platform is because of her. he doesn't care if he's president, so much as he cares if we are taken care of... 

progress isn't all or none. Bernie chose his battles great & now HRC is talking more to us than if he didn't run. when Nader ran in 2000, he opened Al Gore into more liberal policies as well. 

don't boo. vote. quit hating. just vote. if half of you showed up to polls in 2014, we'd be way better off today. 
Hillary supporters can rationalize the unethical leaps one has to make in order to support such a candidate anyway they want. The fact is that integrity still matters to some people, which is why so many Bernie supporters won't be voting for Clinton, period.

In the end, the DNC and Clinton have no one to blame but themselves for the current predicament.

Over at the Hillary subreddit, they are using this facial expression as evidence that Sanders never supported Clinton, and are back to shitting all over him and his supporters. They say he should have smiled when Clinton called on him. Y'know, like a slave.
Support him by voting in your local and state elections, not meaningless gestures to make him president.

Reality is it won't happen this election, but that doesn't mean you can't make a serious difference.
Forced to endorse.
I'm so goddamn frustrated, and sick of this shit. No matter what, HRC does not have my vote. Bernie Sanders does. If nothing comes of it other than my vote being one more counted knotch away from this same old shit, then so fucking be it.
Bernie always tries to keep a straight face.  Happened the other day too.  Even when his brother was talking.  Even when the crowd cheers for him.
He had no choice but to endorse her.

If he did not endorse clinton and she lost, he becomes the scapegoat and clinton doesnt have to deal with the reality its her fault she lost 
bernie endorsed her for us, but I think he was wrong to
This is the same face he made when Reid and Obama took him aside.  

This is the face he makes when he is unhappy and upset.
They accidentally cut to him a couple times, once he was blowing out air, various scowls, and finally a clap when she said she 'heard us' and would listen to us; obviously not true but he's got to at least pretend he believes her I suppose.
I'm by no means an expert or know much about anything. But I believe that Bernie did what he needed for the movement. He was at a lose-lose situation. If he didn't endorse Hillary, then the dumb DNC would paint him as a person that wants trump to be president even though we all know the Bernie was the best chance to beat trump. Also endorsing Hillary is a loss to him and his supporters because he has to endorse someone that is corrupt and does not stand up for what I believe he thinks is the most important - money in politics. 
Nice to see that Hillary finally released the hostages!
Well, he did just sit up in a suite and watch down on the DNC mind fuck his delegates. That would be quite the experience...
Truly a heartbreaking moment.   

Good thing we don't need to fall in line behind the Hildebeast -- we can keep organizing outside of the rotten Democrat establishment.   Goodbye D's, hello Greens.   
At least he's off the kill list.
[deleted]
He never should have endorsed her before the vote at the convention. 

Absolutely blows my mind that he did that and makes me think there most have been a literal or metaphorical gun to his head and you won't convince me that gun was Trump. 
>[Bernie leaves the Democratic Party](http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-07-28/bernie-sanders-leaves-democratic-party)
I'm not voting for Hillary Clinton. 

I'm voting for the EPA, department of energy, and our national parks. To improve the department of education and grant tuition assistance and student loan relief to our next generations of workers. I'm pulling the lever for the national endowments for the arts and humanities, public broadcasting, and after school programs. For children's health insurance, head start, and child care.

I'm voting to protect union rights, overtime pay, and job safety regulations. To achieve pay equality for women, increase the minimum wage to a living wage, and to join the rest of the world by guaranteeing paid family leave. 

I'm voting for a supreme court that will protect marriage equality, workers rights, Roe v Wade, and reverse the disastrous Citizens United decision. A SCOTUS that will represent the next generation of voters for the next 40 years. 

I'm voting to massively overhaul our infrastructure. Our roads, bridges, pipelines, energy production and transfer. To overhaul expand and repair our rail system and highways.

I'm voting to protect and expand social security and Medicare. To help those who cannot help themselves, and those who fall through the cracks, and the ones who can't get back up. To strengthen the safety net in the richest nation in the world. 

I'm voting to lay the groundwork for a progressive Congress that will work towards Medicare-For-All, a minimum wage that is a living wage, a modern Glass-Steagall, and a massive mobilization to protect against the greatest threat to our species: Climate change. 

So our options in November are: protect and strengthen the last century of progressive reforms and lay the groundwork for the political revolution to come, or give the most poweful position on EARTH to a megalomaniacal patholigically-lying demagogue; an angry mean-spirited tantrum-throwing thin-skinned billionaire con-artist; a racist xenophobic madman with the verbal sparring skills of a 13 year old Xbox player; a man who is *proudly* espousing facism as a populist far-right movement that is so dark and terrifying that most of the leadership in his own party won't touch him with a 100ft pole.
You see what you want to see. Fact is that he knows that it's critical to get Justice's that are more to the Left than more like Scalia. It will effect the US for the next 40 years. So it's a bigger picture thing. 

If there are 2 more appointments (which, likely there will be) then there is no chance to overturn Citizen United. A woman's right to choose may be abridged. Gun control will not have a chance to keep guns out if the hand of dangerous people.  So think what you will..but these are facts.

Think with your hurt emotions & short term view, and you'll spend the next few decades wondering why progressive ideas get shot down by the Supreme Court. \_()_/
That's the face that knows what's up. 

Hillary's last night looked like a disingenuous salesperson robot.
photo of a paid hillary actor in the convention https://i.sli.mg/g6m8hE.jpg
I thought the same thing. His face was so serious, gave a little grin at the end that looked forced. It's so fucking sad, he knows how much she fucked him over.
"Hey guys this still frame looks like Bernie is mad. We should ignore everything he has been saying the last few weeks because he obviously doesn't mean any of it!"


Can we start planning for Bernie to run in 2020?
I have a strong feeling that a deal was made, and he'll have an important role in her administration, the same way Obama gave Hillary an important role in his.
Where is Jane?
> Its easy to boo, but it is harder to look your kids in the face who would be living under a Donald Trump presidency

- Bernie Sanders
Not a Sanders supporter, but I can't help but feel for the guy. He got hosed. I just wish he had stood up for himself. 
She honeydicked him. 
I feel bad for her, she is uninspiring; at the same time not telling the truth.
I think he's just pissed that his alternative was being murdered if he didn't do anything but show his full support.
There was a midnight visit by William Jefferson (Davis) Clinton in Vermont. He and a couple guys had a talk with Bernie and said nice place Bernie, shame if anything bad happened to it. 

That's why he endorsed. 
Bernie made the worst mistake of his life endorsing her. I bet he'll regret it until the day he dies, if he wasn't threatened by the Clinton cartel to do so.
I imagine if they are willing to risk a war with Russia over the DNC leaks misdirection, they would surely threaten Bernie's life and family, forcing him to endorse.
Thank you for sharing that picture. After listening to Biden and The Obamases speeches and Bernie's I was starting to waver. I mean Trump would be terrible for our country. But Bernie's face you guys. I love that man. I don't care if trump does win. I love Bernie. He is truly a good man doing his best for the country and people he loves.  FUCK THE DNC. FUCK THIS ENTIRE RIGGED ELECTION. I won't do it. They don't deserve my vote. I already voted for the only person who was worthy for that chair in the Oval Office, and the petty little whores who care only about lining their own pantsuit pockets robbed him of the election. If this country goes to hell its on Clinton's head. Bern4life. 
Can he at least stop endorsing her until the election is over? I can't upvote anymore Bernie stories if in every single one there will be something about how we should all just hold our noses and vote for Hillary. So if he continues to do that, he'll keep seeing downvotes from me.
Looks like he's about to say "mmmmmBITCH!"
There's still time for him to realize he made a mistake and join the green party.
Of course he didn't "want" to endorse her. Does anybody ever want to lose? He did it because he realized that he ran a good campaign, but lost in the end. He did it because he realized that endorsing hillary would do more to bring the party together than continuing to stoke the flames of conspiracy and outrage. He did it because he's an adult with a grasp on reality
[removed]
Can anyone tell me what happened to the Bernie delegates at Hillary's speech? Did they just not show them on TV or were they not even let in?
His endorsement of her is solely based on a fear of a Trump presidency. It is a 'lesser of two evils', in the truest sense of the phrase. 

I, on the other hand, fear what rewarding her behavior will mean. I would rather a Trump presidency than to reward her corrupt tactics. The country will survive a Trump presidency, and the GOP will finish its implosion in the process. But it is essential to deny Hillary her *'Night of the Long Knives'*. And we can use her defeat to reform the Dem party. It can be the Dems 'time in the wilderness'.
Anyone got a video?
Maybe he feels embarraced for some of his delegates.
Dunno about you, but if I don't want to do something, I don't do it.
[removed]
He pretty much looked like that most of the time. It's his default, "I'm paying attention to what is going on" look. 
Hillary will cut Bernie a cheque and pay off his campaign debt. That's politics 101. I am disappointed in Bernie
But did he wink?!
lol
I KNOW RIGHT? YOU CAN SEE A SECRET MESSAGE IN HIS TIE. 

[removed]
[deleted]
This part of the revolution is called: Political Taxes; nobody wants to do it, but it is necessary to invest political capital back into the system we seek to change.
He's just holding in a huge fart.
Was Bernie blushing ?
They took his secret service away just recently. He has too much to lose if he were to keep fighting. We just gotta keep fighting the fight for him. 
To be fair, Bernie always looks like he's taking a dump on his pants.

That's his neutral face so you're reading too much into this.
Maybe it was more of a medical condition kind of thing. I like Great Grains. It keeps me regular.
Sanders is still whiny brat. News at 11. 
You and all the mods did a fantastic job building this site, and a lot of people are going to be sad it's gone. At the same time r/political_revolution will be a nice progression to a new progressive sub to keep the flame alive.

Knowing you're about to go dark here, I wanted to thank you and the mod team for earlier letting me know I was okay to take a second to tell people about one more progressive sub option (in no way competing with r/political_revolution), our small reddit neighborhood BernieBar https://www.reddit.com/r/WayOfTheBern as one to add to your readers' list of alternatives.

This 'Way of the Bern' sub was started two weeks ago by two mods who were banned several weeks back from KfS (we were protesting their excessive banning policies - and got banned), and we already have hundreds of subscribed users, many from KfS and SfP.

We're of course Bernie-Centric, but as much for his ideas and ideals as the man himself. We encourage people to post from a wide range of perspectives, and we do not remove posts we disagree with. Our rules sidebar is spartan, our goal is engagement. We keep the place clean of graffiti, but outside of that we're an open marketplace of progressive (and challenging) ideas.

Myself and our mod team do not claim to know the right answers. Our hope is of course a progressive restoration of the Dem party, but at the same time we understand the potential and the limitations of the fight from within the party structure, and we welcome exploring any and all approaches that involve any 3rd party approach as well as reform from within.

Please check us out! There's cookies at the front desk. :)

https://www.reddit.com/r/WayOfTheBern
Thank you, David. I truly hope you understand the gratitude I have for your friendship of my favorite grape picker. And yes, he still needs a shave and a haircut. Peace.
I just want to say that you guys have done a phenomenal job.  As someone who has been a fan of Sanders for over a decade, and started promoting the idea of a Sanders presidency in 2011, it was a wonderful day when I stumbled upon this subreddit and realized there were literally dozens of us.  Now, it's nearly a quarter million here and I hope every single person, once they've aired their frustrations, continues the journey we've started.  

When he finally announced last April, I was stunned and excited, but of course, I had flashbacks of Kucinich and while I hoped we could change some hearts and minds, I never expected us to compete.  Still, with the encouragement and organizational tools of this sub, we did just that.  I credit this subreddit with playing a huge role in the campaign's success.

There's been so much hard work put in by everyone, and the mod team has worked under intense pressure from some very strong personalities.  You continued to redirect that anger in a useful direction for Bernie's entire candidacy.  Huge props for that.

This subreddit was the center of a movement, and it has been so much fun to be a part of it.  I'm ready to pick up where we left off and continue our /r/Political_Revolution.  Thanks so much for bringing us all together, /u/IrrationalTsunami and /u/aidan_king.
Great post; hearing your perspective on the long-term trajectory of the community is very interesting. I'm really just an observer here- I've never really been too active in this subreddit, despite having supported Bernie since around this time last year. Even when things were going well for his campaign this place was a bit too intense for my tastes, but I would agree that it has shifted from a positive kind of intensity to a very negative sort.
I'm grateful for what you did for us in creating SFP.  I would NEVER have become politically active without it.  I really got to know Bernie because of this sub.  That would never have been possible in previous cycles where MSM was my primary info source.  Thank you from the bottom of my heart.  I'm thrilled to have Our Revolution to participate in.  See you in PR!
Well done, IT, all around. You've been one of my favorites here. Thank you for helping to lead and motivate us
How do we plan to weed out corruption in the DNC if the person who benefitted will run the Party if she wins.

Just tell me this one thing.

Remember when the DNC stole the election and Hillary made the thief honorary campaign chair?
I've been on this sub since the day Bernie announced he's running and I don't have a voice or say in what happens to it? Why should I join you on a different sub if my voice will just be ignored?
>Those that have fought against us didn't win by us closing this subreddit. As much as they celebrate, they are wrong, and they have always been wrong because they never understood the message.

WE didn't understand the message? In your own words: 

> The desire to get sharp with our words, to gloat in our victories, and to theorycraft our way through the next several months resulted in a community that thrived on negative energy and outrage.

But the people who fought against THAT are the ones who didn't understand the message? C'mon... 
Best post of the day, this final day at SFP.  Please consider posting this in the Pol Rev sub, you are exactly who we need to hear from over there!!!


Great!!!!
Bernie will be if Hillary loses despite all his best efforts to help her.

Then he can lead the storm against the castle.
That would require her being honest and having morals. She can never be Even 1/100th of what Bernie was.

#demexit
She could wear a Bernie skin suit and I still wouldn't vote for her.
Agreed, she should be like Bernie...and drop out (she could drop dead too for all I care). 
if only we had a candidate who was already like bernie.


I wouldn't be mad if she adopted most of his stump speech. 
That would require her to have a soul and a human heart.
She'd rather continue campaigning as a two issue candidate. Women president good and Trump bad.
Hillary is shooting for a 2 term presidency, she has to follow thru with the things she says if she expects a second term. I really do It she would let bill hold his 2 term presidency over her head.
[removed]
The only way she'll be like bernie is if she body snatches...and at this point i wouldnt be surprised. Either way im flipping green. Im demexitting as soon as i vote for tim.
I'm voting Jill Stein
He's always polled higher than her in national matchups. Not that the DNC cared about that when they were trying to foist her on us and sabotage his campaign.

(I'm voting for her. I'm just still mad. Give me time, ok?!)
Hillary doesn't have to change a thing...have you not asked yourself why she has treated Bernie and his supporters like garbage? ....why she has not reached out with some compassion?...isn't that supposed to be more of a female trait..she is, after all a mother, right?  We're all clinging to this statement or that trying to convince ourselves that she'll HAVE TO pay attention to us when all she really needs to do is just rig the vote again...wake up guys!  It will be Hillary even if she loses...the Undemocratic Party will see to that.
Yes, she should change her positions YET AGAIN to match what the voters want rather that state her positions and gain the votes of those who agree with them.
She certainly can't be like Hillary Clinton.
it's not possible. At this point, there is little she could say to sway Bernie supporters to vote for her. But... if she took action right now (like signed a legal agreement of some sort) to follow through with ending things like citizen's united and appointing certain people to the supreme court, then maybe Berners would get behind her. 

Bernie supporters need actions. Not words. 
She's running on a platform that she mocked as naive and radical leftist back when Sanders brought it up. 
Considering she'll do anything to win I wouldn't doubt we started seeing her be like Bernie. Although after she wins is a different story....
So, drop out and endorse the candidate who, at the time, is known to have more votes?

Yeah.
duh.

still, how hard can it be at her age to learn to be honest, genuine and committed to social justice at a visceral level?    

she starts acting like she'll line up with some of his positions, then maybe she'll snag a vote.   it's just hard to tell when to believe her.

no shit.  
Hahahahahaha 
Except she won by not being Bernie soooooo no
[removed]
This is Frank.  He is our delegate from Arkansas - we drove here with him.  If you have any questions please ask.
Unity, by being upset at protesters.
Good example of the DNC's understanding of Free Speech.

"Pay to play, is the DNC way"
Sorry to hear that guys. This is why our work has just begun.
Honest question: Why were they punished for being anti-TPP? From what I've read, both Clinton and Trump are against it too, so who is the sign for and who is punishing them because of it?
[deleted]
All I hear from Clinton Dems is "vote for her or if Trump wins that's on you!"... yea... how about "vote for Clinton and whatever evil she does is on you"? Obviously, they don't respond very well to this sarcastic argument.

What I see is an echo chamber where everything Hillary and DNC does wrong gets downplayed because "the only thing that matters is that she gets elected because Trump is dangerous"... even if you shove evidence in their face, they will quickly deflect to some superficial reason of why she is still better than Trump. If I reiterate the argument to pressure their acknowledgement, they are unable to even entertain the idea that the party/candidate they support is engaged in legalized corruption and quickly resort to vicious personal attacks that seek to disqualify my arguments and sources without ever addressing them directly - disgusting. Head-in-sand at its very best!

In their words I am a fool that don't understand that "politics is corrupt", that you have to "be in bed with the devil to win," that we must all "back Clinton no matter what happens" because "Trump is much worse"... thus, we keep lowering the bar for our politicians allowing them to get away with everything. I am done with this election.


Democracy
It seems like (American) free speech is merely an illusion...  
[deleted]
Love Larry Sanders. I always thought it was great that Bernie had an older brother who is also active and sharp. Bernie could easily have made it through a term or two.
Stupid is an understatement. It's not just the disrespect, the amoral behavior. It's beyond foolish from a campaigning viewpoint as well, because as a result they have driven away the people they need to vote for her in November.

The victory was a Pyrrhic victory. So yeah, stupid.

(Edit: spelling)
When Hillary speaks all I can think of is  #NoMoreWar 

She really put a number of the world as SoS and only Obama was holding her in check.

I'm literally in tears right now.
It would be nice if I could read the article without a freaking full page ad that won't go away when you click the x (on android).
He really hits the nail on the head here. 

Will the Democratic Party still retain its progressive principles, or is it now the party of corporate?
The Gracchus Brothers
Hey now! Someone should give him his own show.
He got pretty upset at the Jewish comments from listening to the tyt interview.
"Stupid" is not the word I would use for it. The ways in which they stole the election were actually quite sophisticated! 
She thinks Sanders supporters just want free stuff: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLVREy2VVpU
The DNC and Clinton camp are terrible, even Bernie's brother knows they rigged it. Also all the disgusting comments they made about him.
Why the fuck do we care about his brother all of the sudden. I swear this sub sometimes.
Armenian genocide deniers
Didnt he do things he said he is against ? 

In this speech he is against "big-money candidates" and in the same time he endorses HRC ? 
[deleted]
That's when I joined this sub.. Back then I actually respected the mod team and felt like I had a voice in this community.

Oh how wrong was I.
I *honestly* want to see him give this speech in 2020.. and this time play on a level playing field.
Great work 138Tulip.

I hope that the Senator gets to see this and that is brings a smile to his face.

Long Live the Political Revolution!
beautiful
Got me crying.  
OMG... tears...
Bernie has and will change the world. Let's keep it going! r/nprogparty
Me too...tears. I don't know why.
He needs braces 
What an awesome article! Loved it! Our Revolution continues!
Too little too late Rolling Stone. Where were these glowing articles about Jane Sanders when the primary was still happening? I hate this fucking process of cutting people down to make sure they don't climb too high and then when you're finally sure they don't pose a threat, you let people see how awesome they are. Who wouldn't want Jane Sanders is the First Lady? Instead we get an endless stream of hyper ambitious climbers whom we're told to worship because they're such "classy" icons of feminism or some horseshit. I mean you can see just how smart she is, how well informed she is and how much she cares about people. It's unbelievable to imagine we could have had somebody like that living in the White House, and it's infuriating that the mainstream press either ignored her or cut her down during the primaries
If this sub is shutting down, can we at least sticky this article at the top?
She's so damn good.
Hopefully this can reassure people that Bernie and Jane didn't sell out, but rather they opted to compromise and to attempt to hold Clinton to her word instead of try to cause an uproar about the rigged election process. Both have their merit and both have their problems, but I feel Bernie should at the very least be respected for his choice.
Amazing interview.  Everyone should read and don't forget to sign up for Our Revolution

https://ourrevolution.com/
She's a better first lady than Bill Clinton
Jane is the best! You can tell simply by the way she looks at Bernie how proud she is of him. 
This is one of the best reads I've had in a while.
I feel a lot better after reading this
[deleted]
Great interview.
After reading the Election Justice report, I'm not sure how I feel about her statement ...
"He lost this election by more votes than can be explained by the things that people are concerned about  the voting irregularities, or the DNC. If it was closer, we might have done something differently, but there is no choice. It's not like we're stopping because we want to. We're stopping because those are the rules of the game. That's democracy. There is a winner and a loser in every election.
I officially unregistered as a democrat today. I've been registered for 14 years
>**Can you tell me about some of the hardest moments for you on the campaign trail?**


>Learning what I didn't know was hard. To see people suffering unnecessarily was just unfathomable. Why? Why is this being allowed? Going to the Native American reservations: Pine Ridge, Oak Flat, where they sold the copper mine deposits to a Russian company and it was on sacred ground. Why? Hearing all of the stories of people being treated unfairly by people in power, no matter what way, whether it's in their state governments, in their local government, in the federal government. Looking at Native Americans and looking at how they don't have education equity there, they don't have good health care, they don't have economic development, they don't have housing. I'm married to someone who is all about the people. He hears about a problem, and he wants to fix it; he does everything humanly possible to do that. It's just so foreign to me. So that was the hardest part.


Man, what a response. She would have been a great First Lady.
Of all the things going on, Jane's words are the only thing that maybe might have brought me slightly closer to possibly considering voting for Hillary. Not because I feel that she *deserves* my vote, but because if Bernie and Jane will be there to raise hell if Clinton starts drifting away from the promises he got her to make, I feel as if it might not be as bad as I've expected. We'll see what happens as things get closer to the election.
What a beautiful person she is
Social Workers for Sanders!  Fight on!
While I respect and admire both Jane and Bernie opinions and decisions, the people should never forget what the DNC did to them and their voters. We thought that things would get better at the DNC convention but it's gotten worse. Their distain and disgust for his supporters is incredible and should never be forgotten. If you vote for the Democratic Party then you are enabling them to continue theft of votes and fear mongering. Americans need a real alternative to both the major parties.
I wish her well, but corporate media collusion alone for me would be enough to account for discrepancy in votes. 

If you have multiple institutions that are claiming to be objective, reaching millions of homes blacking your candidate out and writing false narratives. 

It's advertising, do you expect a no name blacked out brand to compete with a corporate sponsored one.

The age demographic was mentioned. The reason why they won younger voters is because we are tech savvy. Older voters depend on corrupt corporate media for their information. 
This article gives a detailed description, nearly word for word why Bernie Sanders should have been the nominee of this party.  In fact, I see Bernie as the People's nominee and given that he can surely beast Trump, he is in fact The People's President.

America is poorer for not having this singular man represent our great country.

Concurrently, this very same article provides all the very many reasons why no one should vote for the ILLEGITIMATE nominee given how she is lacking in every area described herein.  
Damn, that was a great article.
Great interview!

I believe Bernie and Jane did the right thing, fought as hard as possible. And, with our support, will continue to KICK ASS!

(and make no mistake about it. We KICKED the DNCs ASS!! They are in complete disarray because we ruined their coronation of the corporate queen and king.)

That was a great interview. Watching this campaign from the beginning has been a beautiful and tragic experience.
As far as I am concerned, they stole my donation money once they rigged the system against Bernie Sanders. I don't support criminals. 
What a fantastic interview -- it's great to hear Jane's thoughts on the election and the plans for the future. Feeling and understanding the pain of Bernie voters. Also lovely details like how their family helped to support them throughout, and how Jane was affected by the stories she heard on the campaign trail.

True relationship goals.
Love Jane!
What an interesting observation:

> He's not a humble man, really [laughs]. But he became more humble because he felt such a sense of responsibility.

You don't get to where Bernie got, with his views and being an independent, without having a strong confidence in your values. And in the face of such responsibility realizes it's not him, it's us. They were inseparable on the campaign trail. What a great team they are. And what a great family. 
[deleted]
One thing to nitpick, Jane, the theft of the election by the DNC was judged in one report to have been enough to switch the election result. It was here on reddit the other day, from Election Justice USA

"A. CONCLUSIONS

We have aimed to provide an overview of the evidence for various types of fraud and targeted voter suppression impacting the outcomes of the 2016 Democratic presidential primaries. After covering the legal background and the history of Election Justice USAs legal actions, our best efforts to combat election fraud and voter suppression, we gave a thorough treatment of:

1) Targeted voter suppression

2) Registration tampering

3) Illegal voter purges

4) Exit polling discrepancies

5) Evidence for voting machine tampering

6) The security (or lack thereof) of various voting machine types

Finally, we gave a date-by-date, state-by-state overview of each of these fraud or suppression types at work throughout the course of the 2016 Democratic presidential primaries. Based on this work, Election Justice USA has established an upper estimate of 184 pledged delegates lost by Senator Bernie Sanders as a consequence of specific irregularities and instances of fraud. Adding these delegates to Senator Sanders pledged delegate total and subtracting the same number from Hillary Clintons total would more than erase the 359 pledged delegate gap between the two candidates."
Ignore the haters from the Clinton camp.

Vote third party. 

Let the DNC lose this election for their own fucking good.
How exactly does one go about holding the President to campaign promises?  Every constituency of every president ever would like to know.
I really love Jane and there's some great stuff in here. I still can't bring myself to vote for Clinton,  but I do appreciate where they are coming from. 
Bernie and Jane would have been a perfect combo in the white house.  Too bad the majority of people in this country are easily scared, brainwashed and manipulated.  This makes me sad as a human.  Think about your kids and their kids, FOR FUCKS SAKE.  Think about all the people hurting in this country and around the world.  Have some empathy and apply the golden rule.  
I love Jane 
I love Jane, but she has to know that the election justice report shows that Bernie would have won the nomination. So, WTF Jane?
/r/StillSandersForPres
I love how she laughed and said "Actually Bernie isn't thaaaaaat humble. I was afraid he would turn into a rockstar with all the attention."
>He could have conceded long before, and people  the media  were asking every time we saw them, "When are you going to concede? When are you going to endorse?" That was difficult, because we stayed in as long as we could to use as much leverage as we could to get everything we possibly could get, including the rules committee, where we rethink how we run these elections.

_

>**How granular did those discussions with the Clinton campaign get?**

>Very, very, very. This is not conceptual at all. It's policy. Where is the money coming from? How are we going to do it? All of it is in stone. It's good.

_

>**What kind of assurances did you get to ensure they'll follow through on these agreements?**

>It's funny. My daughter was speaking to somebody with a spiritual background, and he said, "Bernie lit the flame  now we'll hold their feet to the fire." And that is exactly what we need, from all the people. Bernie can do some of it, but, just like the campaign, it's not about him  it's about all of us.
Jane Sanders made some excellent points. But besides those I think this is my favorite bit because I think the quote 'power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely' is absolutely wrong. It only seems true because corrupt people seek power and those are the type we most often see, the corrupt ones that get in to positions of power and abuse their influence.

>**What was that like for you? He turned into kind of a rockstar.**

>It was funny. When I started to see that, I thought, Oh, god, I'm going to have to keep his feet on the ground. What was surprising was he became more humble. He's not a humble man, really [laughs]. But he became more humble because he felt such a sense of responsibility. It was exactly the opposite of what I was afraid was going to happen. So I really just am filled with pride. I'm the luckiest woman on the planet I think.
> He could have conceded long before, and people  the media  were asking every time we saw them, "When are you going to concede? When are you going to endorse?" That was difficult, because we stayed in as long as we could to use as much leverage as we could to get everything we possibly could get, including the rules committee, where we rethink how we run these elections.

> He's not going to win the presidency, we've known that since June 7th [the day of the last big primaries, in California and New Jersey], but we had to do as much as we possibly could on the issues to honor all of the work that so many people have done, and that we did. So that's why I say it's a bit of a relief now  now we can move to the next chapter.

this
It's funny. My daughter was speaking to somebody with a spiritual background, and he said, "Bernie lit the flame  now we'll hold their feet to the fire." And that is exactly what we need, from all the people. Bernie can do some of it, but, just like the campaign, it's not about him  it's about all of us.

- Jane Sanders

I really like what she said here. I think it's important to know that the endorsement doesn't come free. It's up to Democrats and Independents to make sure Hillary does as she promises. 

As a Canadian, I'm envious of you Americans for having been able to vote for Bernie Sanders. What a great man he is, and I'm sure will continue to be.

I hope he has inspired many of you to gain experience and run for local offices so that his policies can take hold in the States (as many of them have in Canada).

Good luck my Southern Brothers, and please, please keep this revolution alive through your activism.
This is what we all needed to hear. #StillSanders
Wow, this interview made me feel SO much better.  I really love Jane & Bernie.  And every time I hear/read Jane's words, I come away feeling better than before. 
I respect what Jane Sanders is trying to say, but where myself and many other Sanders supporters depart is the phrase "Hillary Clinton has to earn their support"; ***THERE IS NO EARNING OUR SUPPORT***. Sanders made a terrible mistake in endorsing Hillary Clinton, he should have stayed in the race. By dropping out he's effectively forced many of our hands into voting Jill Stein or Trump. 

Hillary was *NEVER* going to beat Donald Trump, so staying in the race was literally the last and best chance the Democrats had. I respect Sanders and his wife, but that was a mistake that they are going to deeply regret in November.
That is a really good interview. It's so good to see some of their thoughts about so many things. I'm so glad Bernie has Jane.
What an absolutely beautiful and emotional piece to read. Jane, Bernie, nothing but love and respect for the both of you.
"We've come to peace. You know, he won his first election by ten votes. He lost this election by more votes than can be explained by the things that people are concerned about  the voting irregularities, or the DNC. If it was closer, we might have done something differently, but there is no choice. It's not like we're stopping because we want to. We're stopping because those are the rules of the game. That's democracy. There is a winner and a loser in every election.

We are focused on the issues, and we're winning momentum. And I think some people might not understand that. He had no choice but to step down. His feeling was that Donald Trump is too dangerous to not defeat. So his choice was to endorse  but, at the same time, fight like hell to keep the revolution alive, and keep alive the issues that we all stand behind. So we need [our supporters]. We need them engaged, and we need them to participate. And whatever they decide, it's their conscience, and they should decide whatever they want. Our job is to defeat Donald Trump; our conscience says we can't have that."
Almost chanted my mind about voting for HRC but this caught my eye

", Oh, it's politics as usual, people change. We're not going to let that happen. Not without a big fight, if anything. If the Democratic Party starts backing away from the platform, ever, we will fight like crazy to support the work that all of these millions of people did."

Big huge caveat. right there. Sorry. not doing it.
Great read.  Thank you for posting.
Excellent interview, Jane. 
Love Jane
"Learning what I didn't know was hard. To see people suffering unnecessarily was just unfathomable. Why? Why is this being allowed?"
"How did we not know this? Where is the leadership?"

This is the reason why I voted for Bernie. When I heard about things like civil forfeiture, people going to jail for petty reasons because they were not able to pay absurd bail, social injustice, etc, I wonder why no one did anything about it. When I see Bernie, I see someone who cares enough to try and do something about it.

Reading the article, I think it may be better that Bernie is not president. He can concentrate on continuing the movement and not have to deal with other issues like foreign policies. Though, I would love to see Jane as First Lady.

Unfortunately, our "main" candidates for president are the worst. I'll see how it plays out. I do think we should at least get Jill on the ballot so that she can attend the debates and continue the conversation and message that Bernie was sending. However, if it really comes down to just Trump and Hillary, I might have to swallow my pride and force to go with her. Not just to stop Trump, but for Bernie and Jane. For the platform they made together. Who knows, maybe there's a slight chance Hillary might see it through. If she doesn't, then we will give her hell.

I feel like I am given the death sentence and choosing between the two poison I have to die in - it is hard.
At this point I am completely uninterested in this election cycle.

What I mostly hear from both sides is **"You know how bad the other candidate is... so if you don't vote for my candidate, then you are personally responsible for what happens if the other one wins"**... unfortunately, when I suggest their reasoning means they are personally responsible for any potential chaos their favored candidate brigs while in office, they don't seem to take it very well :(

Most people take it personal when you provide them with evidence their candidate/party of choice is not as perfect as they think.

In a radicalized political scenario, people that are able to look at scales of grey and not think in terms of "black and white" are not welcome. Thus, we set a really low standard for our politicians and allow them to continuously lower the bar as long as it seems to be slightly above the bar for the other candidate. Politicians are then able to get away with everything they do and people will still follow them because "the other candidate is worse"... and we continue the downward spiral.
Jane and Michelle are both class acts
Jane is a wonderful and amazing woman. Great interview.
Only an amazing woman could be married to an amazing man. The interview oozes the same qualities I have always appreciated in Bernie, and explains many things that I think are important to explain now.
[removed]
This made me feel better about a lot of my concerns. Thanks for sharing!
>We did everything we could, but we didn't win. And they were so sad about it. People have been making it sound like they're mad, and they should just get over it. No they shouldn't! They shouldn't just get over it! What do you expect? How do you turn on a dime? We understand that. We understand that we earned their support and their trust. Now Hillary Clinton has to earn their support and their trust. And we will hold [the Clinton campaign] accountable because we are endorsing her. We are that much more committed to making sure [she follows through on her promises], instead of saying, Oh, it's politics as usual, people change. We're not going to let that happen. Not without a big fight, if anything. If the Democratic Party starts backing away from the platform, ever, we will fight like crazy to support the work that all of these millions of people did.
Jane Sanders 2020!
What a woman! 
She would have made an incredible FLOTUS
I loved this when I read it last night.  Mucho credit for Rolling Stone for these beautiful, well written articles about the campaign.
Doesnt she have a [school](http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2016/05/what-happened-at-burlington-college/482973/) to ruin? 
muh free twoishun
Screw this country. If Sanders cant win I want Trump to win so we can let this country burn. Give me a right wing supreme court and lets cut taxes some more. Then we can get Sanders elected in 4 years. Another recession is what this country deserves!  
Boo hoo. So many butt hurt sanders supporters lmao. Just close this sub already. 
Get over it.
Take your Jill stein campaigning elsewhere
They are implicated in the leaks. 
Because they are covering up.  They are complicit.

That's why Cliff Arnebeck will be naming the media as accomplices to crime in his RICO lawsuit.
MSM entirely is corrupt
History books will someday reflect accurately on this, they always do. Hillary and the party she took over will eventually be exposed for exactly who they are. Maybe people can be bought, but history can't be undone.. 
Because the media was caught complicit in the leaks.  They ignore it and all its implications for their own self interests.  They are not the 4th estate anymore.  The media is the propaganda arm of the government.
Come on man. They are part of what the leaks are about. "Damning New evidence came out today that we here at (network) are a bunch of lying worthless shit bags." They aren't going to talk about how they are just propaganda mouthpieces for wealthy political donors.
The MSM & DNC are driving in the same car. When the leaks came out, the car started making a thumping noise. Instead of pulling over to investigate or fix it, they just turned up the radio to drown out the noise with this song:

https://youtu.be/yeVx1C73o8k

A lot of the emails were to people in the media,,   Chuck Todd.

Back during the campaign someone asked a good question.    

How can 2 channels have the same talking points about Bernie if they are not receiving updates from the Clinton campaign?
I mean, the DNC leaks showed the media is in bed with the Hillary camp. You don't run a story that drags your masters name through the mud.
Stop thinking of corporate owned media as being watchdogs. They are not. They are in the business of making money. The donor class pays them to advertise their products and they are a very loud, effective megaphone.

If greed is good...corruption...gravy train...manufacturing consent. Connect the dots.

I am awake!
if any network decides to go into it, the hillary campaign will pull all the  ads from that network. that is their #1 priority. 

 
The immediate reason is because the leaks prove that the media colluded with the DNC. Of course they aren't going tell you that they acted unethically.

The underlying reason is because they know that they will be punished severely if they don't "fall in line" before Clinton becomes President. All of this censorship that you see now is a preview of what will happen during a Clinton Administration. If you don't "fall in line" now, then you won't get access to the White House or any other DNC function for possibly eight years. The individual journalists, pundits, and talking heads have to "fall in line" now if they want to continue having careers. They risk being blacklisted otherwise.
HAH did you not see the content? "MSM colludes with DNC and Clinton campaign"
Its all a part of the criminalization of journalist that has been going on since the Iraq war, but really increased under Obama, unfortunately. 
Could not agree more - if there was any question in my mind about whether CNN/MSNBC were on one side or the other, it was confirmed during this episode.
You knew the answer before you posted this..we all did.
The only shocking thing is that any of the MSM have said ANYTHING even remotely negative of Hillary before December.. I'm honestly surprised they even covered this (although they seem to be trying to re-direct attention to the hackers now instead, so theres that...)
It's called PROPAGANDA.... 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/State_capture
Thats like expecting a King to dethrone himself for screwing over his kingsom; Doesn't happen.
Isn't it obvious?  They are owned by the same people who are in the Clintons' pocket.
Trump fan here just browsing (I come in peace dont worry) . For years we have been trying to alert people that the media is completely rigged. The media is controlled from within the democratic party and as you all now are seeing it. The media always had a favor towards Hillary Clinton over ever other nominee and will and has done everything they can to cover it up.

Just a example of how rigged this is: So Debbie Wasserman Schultz was the co chair of Hillarys 2008 presidential run, where she lost the nomination to Obama (who is in on everything as well). So in order to lock down the nomination for 2016, Hillary was able to get DWS in charge of the DNC and manipulate it from within. In order for this to work, they would first have to not only get the DNC chair to step down, but also get them to recommend DWS for the position. The clintons would have to promise something to that person, something more prestigious than being the head of the democratic party. So who was that person and what did they get in return? It would appear to everyone that Donna Brazile was in line to get the position. BUT SHE WAS NOT. Donna Brazile was only the interim chair, the previous chair left, after only serving one month (sketchy). The previous chair of the DNC prior to DWS was in fact TIM KAINE. Tim Kaine was promised the vp nomination because of this. 

Now you ask ok whats the point? Well by getting Donna Brazile as the new DNC Chair she became a huge insider for Hillary Clinton and strong force in controlling the media since Donna Brazile has ties with many media groups. This is just one example of the rigged link between Hillary Clinton and the media. Hillary Clinton and the media are in on this together, and you cant trust the media at all.

Thank you for your time. No matter what party you support, we are all in this together to show how rigged Hillary Clinton and the DNC is. Bernie Sanders should have won the Democratic Nomination. Have a good day
If only you people knew how biased journalism has gotten and how it doesn't even touch the deeper facts about situations involving government and corporations, your heads would explode with anger. The rabbit hole is very very deep and dark.
Well it was obvious the DNC was pro Hillary for the whole primary and the media rarely reported on it.  Most obvious example being the debate schedule that was clearly not aimed at maximizing viewership.  So why would they make a big deal when it's proven to be true especially when their treachery is also revealed?  That's why the **potential** Russian connection is being played up so much too.  

There is no news. There are no journalists. Mainstream media function as propaganda machines for the Republican and Democratic corporate establishments.
What isn't big enough by far,  is the collective outrage
I can't believe you're asking this.
The corruption is wider spread than just the DNC. 
It's called misdirection. If they do talk about it, sadly it's to say something about Russia, or a funny email.
They did cover it.  There was a lot on MSNBC (which is the only news worth watching).  The result is that DWS is out of the job. Good stuff, man.  
So here are some TRUTHS!  Yes, the entire Democratic primary was RIGGED!  Does anyone possible doubt this now?  Oh, you don't believe any of this?  Surely I am wearing a tin-foil hat.  Yeah, ok, right.  Come on Wiki, give us some more information.      

Yes, as proven now via definitive facts, the DNC is fully compromised.  Thank you and great job Deborah Wasserman Schultz.  But the same is true of Sen. Boxer, Feinstein, Schumer, Reid, etc.  Look at Governors Cuomo, McCaullife and former Gov. Rendall.  Crooked they are, more crooked than a snake moving in an open field.  Find the links amongst all these people and you will know what is really at hand.

Yes, the Democratic people are all about the money.  SHE said it yesterday, "we will follow the money."  That's easy to do, just look at the growing Clinton bank account, as well as others.  And, all of this has NOTHING whatsoever to do with Motherhood, Equal Rights, A woman's right to choose, and any other worthwhile principle.  It certainly has nothing to do with HER gender.

Bernie Sanders is the LEGITIMATE People's Candidate for POTUS.  SHE is simply ILLEGITIMATE at best.

Given all that has happened, how can anyone possibly dismiss all of this and vote for HER.  In Bernie's own words, "Ain't gonna happen!"

The thing to do is to continue the resistance, continue telling the bare naked truth, research and share broadly, and use the facts to respond to the concerted effort underway to CLEANSE the felon.

Why resist, for me, it is not about HER, I am long past the DNC, rather, it is about defending our constitution, our government, and yes, our way of life.  America is under siege, and it faces the severe danger of having its democracy fully stolen.  Bernie and too few others are on the inside fighting for us and this just cause.  We need to be on the outside, doing likewise if this country is to remain the land of the free, and the home of the brave.

Truth be Told!
Because the leaks contained no evidence of the DNC actually putting it's finger on the scale. They talk about doing so sometimes, but none of the plans in the emails were acted on. If they had been acted on, it'd be a bigger deal.
Because they don't prove anything, actually. The e-mails don't say what wikileaks claimed they did.
It was on tv constantly all day Monday until trump blew it up with his Russia comments. 
And the weirdness that is "Oh well, we already pulled it off, haha, too late now!"


Because they don't see a problem with it, and many think the DNC was right to do it. They think the DNC should be pro-democrat, and Sanders they do not think is really a democrat. 
Do you want a real answer? The leaks weren't "beyond huge" or "earth shattering."  It isn't a story about "widespread corruption."

Political parties have always had preferences. This is not news. The purpose of political parties is not merely to count votes, they serve as aggregators and purveyors of information and opinion.  Yeah, no one wants to see the sausage being made, but this is how it is made. 

Also it was in the news for a cycle or two - which is the average length of a news story these days.  It's not particularly revelatory because the media already knew all of this.  To describe it as earth shattering reflects more on your understanding of the process, rather than how the process actually works. 


This whole thing has been a bunch of malarkey
It's been covered extensively, but the leaks did not prove that the election was rigged.  The election was not stolen.  Bernie agrees with me.  Jane agrees with me.  Bernie's former campaign staff agrees with me.

Hillary won, by a lot.
The media is for profit.
Forget about it, media doesn't mind, Bernie doesn't mind either. One second he proposes forcing big money out of politics, the next turns around and supports HRC,  *the very symbol* of money in politics,  right after it becomes obvious that she colluded in robbing him of possible presidency. 

This is a bloody joke is what it is; move on.
I think you know the answer to this while posting it...sometimes the easiest answer is the most obvious one. 
Fox News covered this scandal as usual. Fair and unbiased. CNN is corrupt, one sided. No wonder CNN has dwindling, dismal ratings
Oh, for God's sake, stop misusing the word "rigged." Also, please get over your "Establishment' boogeyman. I and 15.8 million voters preferred Clinton. It wasn't thanks to some water cooler-side bullshit on the part of the DNC. I phone banked for hours and hours. I voted. Countless people worked tirelessly to ensure her nomination. I'm not here to antagonize you; I know what it's like to become emotionally invested in a losing candidate. But we have to move on. Trump cannot be president.
I remember reading this & thinking it was fantastic. Then I got to join the mod team & the u/aidan_king guy I heard about became my friend. Dispute the subs negative feelings at this point, his future is deservingly bright <3
Tearjerker.  All of it.  #AlwaysSanders
I do not believe those numbers.
a) Other polls say lower Hillary support numbers.
b) MSM bias will want to continue the coronation of Hillary
c) Time will tell but will 3rd party candidates pick up Bernie support?

I'm promoting Jill for President for many reasons. I hope many Bernie supporters do so as well....
It's the corporate media manufacturing fake support ahead of a rigged general election.
It's not accurate, there is some outlier poll that has been cited. If they want to believe that, good luck to them.

That's in two-way polling anyhow. In four-way polling, it's lower. [See this article (from the anti-Sanders Enten).](http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/sanderss-endorsement-may-help-among-his-most-anti-clinton-supporters/) Makes a 15 point difference.

On top of that, two other polls, [The Economist/YouGov (see page 17)]( https://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/9wcaasd82w/econTabReport.pdf), and [Reuters/Ipsos](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-election-idUSKCN0ZS0YB) , have that figure at 40% and 54% respectively.  
  
There is incredible disunity on the left ([and remember, Bernie gets independents that aren't even left leaning](http://datatitian.com/harry-entens-dirty-lie-bernie-actually-has-big-lead-with-true-independents/)), and the democratic party will have nobody to blame but themselves for their triangulation rather than courting the left if they lose in November. Won't stop them though. They blamed disaffected liberals who supported a guy like Bradley in 2000 who went to Gore, and will do the same to Sanders supporters this year who don't fall in line. Much easier to do so than to actually confront the problem.
Disclaimer:

I'm not somebody looking to get a "free" handout, I'm not a misogynist (hi Gawker peeps), I supported Sanders because he was quite possibly the cleanest politician I've seen run for presidential office in who knows how long, and has been telling the government that what they were doing was wrong for YEARS, including calling out Greenspan (who was revered as a god) for his irresponsible practices leading up to the collapse.  He's been right on so many fronts, but ignored because he was an independent, and not marching lock-step in formation with one party or the other.

I am happy that Bernie ran, his jeopardizing the coronation party of Hillary helped reveal a lot of ugly things about how the DNC is being run within and abroad.  I'm hoping for campaign reform after this one has run its course.
Nobody want's to be the 1/10. Putting pressure on people who don't suppport her. 
Because 90% of Bernie supporters are going to vote for Hillary, and this sub is just an echo chamber from which every sane voter left months ago.
That's a survey that ran from, I believe, January to June, polled only Democrats, and the 90% number is for Dems who supported Sanders the whole time (a minority, and oddly, ones who didn't are less likely to vote Hillary).

In other words, it's a very cherry picked study which doesn't show what they're claiming it does. There have been other polls that were more recent and to the point, but the media is ignoring them in favor of this one because they showed fewer people willing to vote for Hill.
Because other than some ideas about trade, Trump and Sanders don't really agree on anything. Clinton is going to give Sanders supporters more of what they want and most Sanders supporters are smart enough to see that.
because the main stream media lies. then when the diebold machines produce results which let clinton win, they have the back-up polling data. it's all a sham and this country no longer exists as a rule of law nation.
Because voting is not the same as supporting.  Many people may not like Hillary much, but when it comes down to it will still vote for her over their other choices.
Mistake. Not the only one
Has there been any statement on where our leftover campaign contributions are going?
[deleted]
I would definitely like to see her move up the ranks in the Dem party. 
She may be the best hope for a Democratic presidential hopeful who could carry forward Bernie's revolution.  She has real moral and physical courage, and is golden in so many ways, as this essay makes clear.  

But there will never be another Bernie Sanders - a half century of continuous dedication to humane and progressive values, while being ignored or ridiculed by the Powers that Be.  The essence of moral commitment.
The "next Bernie sanders" won't happen for a long long time. It wasn't what he said that made him so popular. Or what he believed in... It was almost  SIXTY YEARS of public service and integrity. From a kid protesting segregation to never once changing his views for donations, payment, or personal gain. The only thing that ever made him change his views was a well thought out argument and logic. The man is the very definition of integrity - something that no one else has in politics.. Tulsi gabbard very well may be the next person to push sanders agenda and I would definitely vote for her... But the odds of there being another Bernie sanders in my lifetime are about as good as that hypothetical future bernie's chances of winning against an establishment candidate.
I've never seen a more qualified candidate to put america on the right path. People believe what he says and rightfully so - he's been doing what he says for his entire political career.
<3 Tulsi
I love Tulsi, but she's a moderate to conservative Democrat, policy-wise. Not a bad thing, as she's moderate in the Jimmy Carter sense, not the corporatist Third Way Clintonian way. 

She's a great ally and will continue doing great things, but she is ideologically not that similar to Bernie. 
Check her record out. She needs to be vetted before pledging support. I'm not saying she's bad, but inform yourselves & keep aware of her votes.
Absolutely, I dont see why not.
She's a great speaker, she followed her conscience in supporting bernie and she's actually well liked by most democrats (including clinton supporters) I know too.

There will never be another Bernie Sanders....
We will be seeing her run for president someday.  At this point I like what I see.
I like her, and would vote for her. 
Tulsi 2020
Into this
God I hope so, she's a badass.
The next Sanders won't look like our main man Bernie. S/he will be younger, more charismatic and they won't be able to stick the 'crazy old socialist kook' shit on to them with such ease.
I really hope she becomes the first female president.
She is incredibly charismatic and likeable. She should give it a try.
She will have to unseat a sitting Democratic senator or run for governor. It is very difficult to go from the House to the presidency, particularly from a small isolated state.

BTW can someone explain something to me? If the DNC was so terrible and doing so much against Bernie how come Gabbard didn't detail anything? How come she didn't quit and tell us what specifically the DNC was doing?


Shouldn't be too hard to do.
Isn't Bernie Sanders the next Bernie Sanders?
She has the fire
I suspect that somewhere in Bernie's negotiations, he made deals which gave future leverage to Gabbard/Turner.
Better option for first female pres than Hillary..
Shay Chan Hodges, the person who is running against Gabbard, is far more Liberal 
As long as Clinton or Clinton allies are in charge, she'll never get anywhere. They learned from Bernie. They'll vet democrats for disloyalty from now on.
Love Tulsi for what she did for us in this election, resigning from DNC to openly campaign for Bernie. I wish her a long and succecsful career.

But some of her less progressive positions are a problem, like [her ties to indian hindu nationalists.](http://www.alternet.org/civil-liberties/curious-islamophobic-politics-dem-congressmember-tulsi-gabbard) Now, nobody is perfect, every politician I like has some positions I dislike and this wouldn't stop me from supporting Tulsi. But make no mistake - in a presidential race she'd be crushed.
She's more conservative than Hillary.
A Tulsi / Nina ticket would be a dream 
Can we still post here? 
yes

But only if the supreme court remains liberal or mixed. Otherwise, she won't be able to do anything.
I hope so
It helps that she's a woman of colour, since that's what people seem to care about more than policy substance.
Thirty years from now maybe
There will ever be only one Bernie Sanders.
I'm shocked that Tulsi got any traction with Berners. She voted to make it all but impossible for Iraqi and Syrian war refugees to be able to come to the United States when our government was clear our vetting system is very thorough and takes years of screening. During weeks of hysteria about refugees after San Bernardino she showed her true colors. I cannot in good faith ever let the 47 Congressional Dems who gave into xenophobia live it down. I voted for Sanders and she was always the weirdest politician to have endorsed Sanders. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/house-democrats-refugee-bill_us_564e5101e4b0258edb30ca4e

That's just the most prominent worst thing I know she's done. She's lauded Russia bombing Syrian civilians as "killing terrorists" and how dare any of us be upset that the US want to ally with Russia who has no problem bombing hospitals and civilians in the name of fighting terrorism. I didn't become political during the Bush years to let somebody put left wing lipstick on dangerous war on terror policies that justify all manners of abuses and killings.
Nope.
Gabbard combines technical expertise with the ideologies Sanders championed.

I would've voted heart and soul for Bernie if he had a sensible fiscal and economic plan. Gabbard can do that.
> With Bernie Sanders full throated endorsement of Hillary Clinton, many of his supporters find themselves in a tough position. They refuse to support Clinton...

I wonder whether, if Trump wins, those who refuse to support Clinton will find next election cycle a country that *allows* them any semblance of a free choice?
Don't forget she is smoking hot too.
She needs to change her view on Muslims first
I don't think she has agreed to debate her primary opponent yet .. https://newsofhawaii.com/campaign-rival-calls-out-gabbard-for-not-debating/
Why is everyone assuming Bernie won't run again? He's in great shape and if he stays that way I would imagine he could easily run again in 4-8 years and win, no matter who wins this time around. 
Heck yeah. Plus, and (I an not being sexist at all), she's easy to look at. Heck It helped Kennedy. 
Bernie, Tulsi, Nina Turner and every other true progressive should join the Green Party and raise its profile. Only way we can see any sort of change. 
She should be the Chair of the DNC, not Donna Brazile.
I love Tulsi.... she does support a president in India who is not good. I love her though and would support her. She knows that war is evil. 
[removed]
Because atheism isn't a collective ideology, but the rejection of faith based ideologies. There is no formal doctrine of atheism. Every man's moral code is a law unto himself. That isn't the case with religion. 

And my point was quite clear, I recognize the danger of fundamentalist Christianity. That doesn't negate the dangers of fundamentalist Islam.

And yes, the majority of Muslims are peaceful, fairly secular, and believe in modern social values. But there are sects that take the most violent and regressive parts of the Quran seriously and literally. Muslims who would kill me for my beliefs, and have killed others with similar beliefs. 

It is indeed ignorant and bigoted to say all Muslims are terrorists or terrorist sympathizers. It is ignorant to say fundamentalist religion, of all stripes, doesn't pose a threat to secular society 
She is sexy
[deleted]
Hopefully she isn't a sellout like Bernie. 
She isn't old enough and her gender doesn't match.
I don't think we need any more  controlled opposition sheepdogs.
I dunno, don't ask me.
True, we have no time to rest. We must continue to push forward. This is just the beginning. Tim Canova needs our help and we can phonebank for him tonight. https://timcanova.com/phonebank/
It has been a pleasure modding with you Slayer! You are a powerhouse that doesn't back down & sticks your ground. I respect you immensely.
Just heard a mod saying that anyone calling out Clintons corruption is hateful and is a Trump supporter, that is completely bull. Anyway thank you for all the work you mods have done, and you have done so much. 
I've added my thank you but I'm thinking we owe him more. Am thinking of starting a GoFundMe to raise money for a gift for Bernie. Any ideas for a good gift? 
Why no comments in here?
I'm surprised there's no $27 dollar option to donate to her
The Democratic Party is not a government agency, it is an affiliation of "like-minded" individuals who make and enforce their own rules.  The buck stopped with DWS.

The FBI is likely investigating the actual hack more than any specific harm to the Sanders campaign.  Basically, this campaign lost the way many others have lost before.  By "passionate" people bending the rules and not getting caught soon enough.

Bernie's lived through a LOT of this, so knows not to be too disappointed, but to work for longer-term gain, as he did with the platform.  Clinton now owes him politically, which others in the DNC should enforce.  Of course, the more progressives we can get in downballot this election, the more in the DNC who will be part of "busting" the DNC's old guard and growling when they START to cheat, not get hit by it and complain after the fact, when there really is nothing to do that doesn't hurt us worse, because that's the way it was planned by the start this time around.

Next time...  We know, and will be scrutinizing the rules and personalities of those enforcing them.
there is proof that members of the DNC had bias against Bernie.  There is no evidence of collusion between the DNC or Hillary against Bernie.  There is also no evidence in the email the bias was acted on in any material way.

you mean HSBC dirctor comey? sure! but we are no longer a rule of law nation. the fbi=kgb, they are now thugs in trenchcoats waiting to smash the shit out of anyone who doesn't march lockstep with the corporatist agenda. we are all fucked.
Election law?     The Hatch Amendment?
Citizens arrest?
What a wonderful write up. 

You are better man than I or most of us here. 

Hope our paths cross again. 
Well of course Hillary delegates are pro war..
HRC's going to make it even more 1984 isn't she?
[deleted]
What was the difference between Trump supporters and Hillary supporters again? I am having a hard time telling them apart from their chants.
Hillary LOVES her some wars.
Yeah, because chanting "no more war" will magically bring world peace!
That's because chanting that crap at that time makes you look like both an asshole and an idiot and does not further your cause. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
For fuck's sake.
It's interesting / sad people think it mattered what Hillary, Bernie or Trump thought about TPP when it's going to be law well before any of them would take office anyway.  :  (
We need to protest the hell out of this if Obama tries to push this through.
If Bernie or trump wins it won't!
She was always the chair of the Clinton campaign, but now her job description is more accurate.
The thing is nothing really happened to her. And she was really rewarded for it
can the cockiness and arrogance ever end? just for one day? please...
She is so execrable.  Did her duty for Hill. Gets a nice high profile, temp job. Still going to get huge backing in her Fla. race. Whether she wins or loses, will secure a position in the administration sooner or later. Will spin that position into a very lucrative private sector job.
So you admit the entire team is just as crooked as you?  
"take one" meaning "take a new better job."  For the team.
This lady smh, if she wanted to truly take on for the team, she should of resigned and not be seen or heard from till after the election. 
That's a distressing way to hear her talk about it. 

She did something wrong, that's all. She's no martyr
"I can personally attest to how not funny it is," Wasserman Schultz told attendees Thursday. My Elite friends and I personally directed the stealing of the Democratic Primary from Sanders,  ("We were hacked by Russian espionage organizations), DELETE WORDS IN PARENS and for a presidential candidate to encourage that to happen again, I mean, it's treasonous, it's seditious, it's unacceptable."

#TRAITOR-DWS
Probably have to go inside. 
"I don't see any Hillary signs at my college.  Bernie is going to win in a landslide."
The tab. No.
[deleted]
This just isn't true. I spent all day walking around the city yesterday and saw plenty of Clinton supporters. Granted, they weren't holding up signs or using megaphone like some of the Sanders supporters, but they were absolutely there. I was outside Reading Terminal for about half an hour in the early afternoon after lunch, and it seemed to be about 50/50 that walked by me.
I'm hanging out with a bunch of Bernie supporters, and I can't find a single Hillary supporter!

Gee, I wonder why.
For 50$ you can buy one!
That's because they're all hidden behind the smoke and mirrors 
THEY ARE AT WORK!!!!! HAHA
Adults don't cheer for candidates, they don't get tattoos or wear ironic t-shirts. They vote for their interests.
I've been here all week and I've seen Hillary supporters every day. There aren't a lot of them, I've seen like 2 or 3 every say compared to like hundreds if not thousands of Bernie supporters.
Hey! My contract stipulated only till the end of the convention. Now if you want me post-convention...let's talk.
Her "supporters" were too embarrassed to show their faces? 
That's because the DNC is being held near the sports arenas, at the very southiest of South Philly. To find the Hillary supporters, you'll have to go more towards 20th and Market Streets, where the corporations and banks keep their local offices.
"Many of these Bernie fans would rather see a Trump presidency than wound their pride" 

This "reporter" seems to not know or doesn't give a damn about the facts, corruption, and the down right truth that the DNC had a coronation for Hillary. 
I was thinking we should look at the No Cameras allowed Goldman Sachs party.
We saw exactly one person in Philly with a Hillary pin, she was standing outside a hotel. The person I was w/ commented "Look there is the one person that voted for Hillary!" 
34:27 in.. this is not canidate who feels he is owed anything and that its HIS time, he ran out a sense of duty. It's going to be incredibly tough the next few months, but we need to remember moments like this. In some sense it's like rooting for a sports team that hasn't won a title in a long time, you have to deal with the bad times so that when you get to the summit and WE WILL, the victory is that much sweeter.
A lot of us were introduced to her when she was uninvited to the Las Vegas debate because of her public criticisms of DWS's sparse-ass debate scheduling. IIRC, Bernie's campaign invited her to attend as their guest and she turned them down. Somewhat later, she stepped down from her role as DNC ViceChair and joined the Political Revolution. 

The rest, as they say, is herstory. 
*This wise Man
Reminds me of Jesus 
Damn onions.
Keep the fire bernin' my brothers & sisters. Never lose you sense of outrage. The struggle continues.

https://youtu.be/8jd5GUBa040
Wipe your phone with a  cloth! 
this is sick
We were sold out.
The revolution against the honorary Chair of Hillarys campaign who took one for the team and the next President?

Please give me a break. There won't be a revolution if Hillary wins simple as that.
We should focus HARD on winning the primary for Tim Canova and Alan Grayson. Then we focus hard on winning the Senate by volunteering for Russ Feingold, WI, Alan Grayson, FL, and Ted Strickland, OH. 
I say we fight all.
So far there are:

* https://www.reddit.com/r/Political_Revolution/

* https://www.reddit.com/r/Kossacks_for_Sanders

* https://www.reddit.com/r/StillSandersForPres

* https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersmedia

* https://www.reddit.com/r/PoliticalProgressives/

* https://www.reddit.com/r/United_Progressives/

* https://www.reddit.com/r/riseupp

* https://www.reddit.com/r/GreenParty/

And Bernie's continuation organization:

https://ourrevolution.com/

And let's not forgot:

https://www.reddit.com/r/Tulsi


It's a shame how with this sub's closing, we will all be going our separate ways into different progressive subs. Me, I'm just staying at /r/political_revolution, but I think that we should stop creating a fuckton of splinter subreddits. We should all agree on one and go there.
Must unite all the progressives! \*creates another splinter subreddit\*
did we forget the green party? ..lets be honest here ..its like the monty python sketch in life of bryan. "splitters"
I like the name
There's also /r/riseupp , /r/politicalprogressives and of course /r/political_revolution
For those that are interested, I created this NEW Subreddit the other day: /r/PoliticalProgressives/

Please join us as we work to keep the movement alive and support the man who brought us all together.

Not affiliated with /r/Sandersforpresident. Unlike this once great sub, we do not give in, we do not give up. We Trek Forward towards our progressive future!
We already have one. /r/political_revolution
This changed my experience in politics as a young American. Thanks guys.
It has been a yooj pleasure working with you, you were especially such an asset to the modmail team which was always overworked and understaffed. I look forward to our future chapters. 
Is it true that anti-TPP signs were being taken away?      
If so, seems odd considering Clinton's public stance against TPP....unless *gasp*...
#The Tail is Wagging the Dog, Folks!
And Trump is the fascist..
THIS is the Facebook video of the incident:
https://www.facebook.com/katrinabergstrom/videos/10154341344773688/?pnref=story

This Bernie delegate who is still in HIGH SCHOOL was called a "Nazi" & was told to "STFU" by old Hillary delegates. Oh yeah. She was also told to "act her age" (17!)
To promote and sell "HERstory" requires a complete subterfuge of reality and HISTORY!
The United States of America.

Democracy n1.

Well I'll give you this: the behavior of your democratic party makes me feel better about french politics.

But that's not a compliment.
Dont vote for Hillary in November. Thats it.
People joke about Trump being the 2nd coming of the 3rd Reich but it's a distraction from Hillary making corporations the master race, the rest of us are expendable. 

edit: umm... guess that'd be the 4th Reich
After all of the cheering at Bill's pandering to his home state, this is how they're treated?!
[And today they adhered to the rules](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CofiO9cUMAE_--K.jpg)
"Non-Hillary signs" is a bit vague. Were they anti-Hillary signs, pro-Bernie signs? What did the signs say?
https://www.demconvention.com/delegates-logistics/security/

"Prohibited Items

Banners, Signs, or Placards of any type or size"

I don't see the problem...
Good for those delegates for speaking truth to power.
Unity :)
Not tru...
It looks like violence will have to be slower to adapt than the people.
I feel like there's more to this story... Is there?
Unity through conformity 
It looks like violence will have to be the  answer? Back to our roots?
Absolutely disgusting. Hillary and the DNC are the enemy of the people. Sanders should feel embarrassed for endorsing hillary.
Sounds fair. Yesterday she was the *official* nominee of the party. Delegates are members of the party leadership. Party leadership must support the official nominee.
God damn she's hot.
Tim Canova's campaign just sent me an email offering "Bye DWS" stickers with any donation.  Did I donate again, you bet!
Putting in a plug here to remind people from FL that their primaries haven't happened yet so if you want to vote for Canova or other Dem candidates in the primaries either don't unregister or reregister before (I think) August 1. That's this Monday. 
And if he doesn't win the primary, he can always go independent like that Alaska Senate race in 2010 with Murkowski.
Completely unsurprising, principled progressives have a track record of drawing people across party lines. 
Party loyalty is a relic of the past and should die out for our nation's own good. What driving voters out to discuss and vote should be rational thinking, the issues of our time and how to make our nation better for all citizens, not this celebrity and loyalty crap.
Please join us at /r/timcanova and facebank for him: https://edf149766237bf845d6747b97219b5f0aa512d26.googledrive.com/host/0B2Wmv-g694DNeEwwOFpLMzVzUmM
[removed]
But it's a primary so only democrats can vote...
[removed]
can't the main focus be just getting money out of politics? like so many people who can run, and would be great leaders for gov't and the like- are discouraged because the money in politics castrates and real progress or work being made. 

i wish we really fixed that problem first. overturning citizens united needs to be the first thing to accomplish.  
Welcome to dealing with more informed and better educated generations with multiple easy to access news sources who's first instinct is to not believe anything you say democrats.
I really dont think I can stomach the Dems anymore. They want me with her? more like ImWithHurl.com
It is such a shame that the memory of "tea party" was hijacked by the Koch bros. Kind of brilliant if you think about it. 

You are being taxed but you are not being represented. 
Too bad so many are still voting for the corporate party, despite the disgust. The people of the USA have turned into a mewling bunch of cowards that vote based on fear, rather than commitment to principles. Each faction of the corporate party uses fear of the other faction to convince the electorate that voting for a third party candidate that actually represents the voter's interests will allow the bogyman of the other faction to win. Once in power the two factions are almost indistinguishable from each other, the only difference is the mix of corporations they serve.
This is why trump and Bernie went so far..... We all know thissssssssssss
Hilary and the Democrats wants us to vote for her by using scare tactics saying that Trump will destroy this country. Sure that might be true but the way I see it the choice is either dog shit or horse shit; instead I think I'll take a salad and vote for a 3rd party. It's not that good but it's better than eating shit. Alternatively I might just write in Bernie's name.
**Bourgeois Democracy**

>Thus, according to Marx, parliamentary elections are no more than a cynical, systemic attempt to deceive the people by permitting them, every now and again, to endorse one or other of the bourgeoisie's predetermined choices of which political party can best advocate the interests of capital. Once elected, this parliament, as a dictatorship of the bourgeoisie, enacts regulations that actively support the interests of its true constituency, the bourgeoisie (such as bailing out Wall St investment banks; direct socialisation/subsidisation of business  GMH, US/European agricultural subsidies; and even wars to guarantee trade in commodities such as oil).

>Vladimir Lenin once argued that liberal democracy had simply been used to give an illusion of democracy while maintaining the dictatorship of the bourgeoisie.
>In short, popular elections are nothing but the appearance of having the power of decision of who among the ruling classes will misrepresent the people in parliament
b...b..but if I don't vote for Queen Hillary the Inevitable, The evil boogeyman Trump will completely destroy the universe. 
This is the synopsis of every conversation I've had with a Clinton supporter over the last two weeks. 

*You're an idiot if you vote third party. I accept Clinton is a corrupt politician, but I'm fighting a fight that's beyond this candidate or that candidate. I'm fighting the only fight that matters. The fight between heaven and hell. Of light and dark. Utopia or oblivion. If you don't vote for heaven, you let Satan win. ^^^Please ^^^vote ^^^for ^^^Hillary.*

Corporate Democrats also hate what progressives have done over the years too.  Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, voting rights, civil rights, labor rights, freedom of speech, freedom of religion, education, infrastructure available for citizens' use, air, water, land, all the commons... all those are simply opportunities for corporate interests to extract money from citizens, ideally as continuous "rent" and with the help of the government they've purchased, or they're worthless and should be destroyed.  The opposite of *"This Land is Your Land."*
Dude i know that girl!! I bought a few bracelets to help her get to the convention. 
I have no interest in voting for the right-wing corporate party who does not share my values... or the far-right-wing corporate party who does not share my values.
Corporate Democrats ARE Republicans with token black and gay friends.
The meat of the our problems spring from neo-liberalism which is the economic ideology of both parties.  Social issues are just plate garnishings.  No struggle but class struggle.
Problem being both parties pretend to represent the people.

Give me another alternative
Sadly, this has been the situation of African Americans for years, being a nearly completely reliable source of votes for the Dems and finding things largely unchanged.  If the politician doesn't need to earn your vote...
A lot of people went Green.
That was a really enjoyable read.
/r/StillSandersForPres
I feel like there is an allegory to the titan that stole the knowledge of the gods and shared it with humanity in Bernie Sanders. 
This sub needs to stick around and destroy Hillary Clinton on social media for the next 4 months.  She fucked you.  Ill admit I'm for Trump, but this could have happened to us well.  This isn't democracy; you're not done.
Hi, former Bernie supporter here.  Headlines like this are divisive and misleading and frankly not helpful.  

My husband and I were able to get married in 2014 because of incremental progress, led by Democrats who are probably best described as centrist, moderate, and even, yes - corporate. 

If you seriously think Democrats like Obama and HRC "HATE" you, or are somehow opposed to progressive policies you are fooling yourselves.

You know who does hate you (and me, and my husband)? Republicans.  
And they don't "secretly" hate you - they do so openly, and have openly and aggressively committed themselves to the most regressive political platform pretty much ever.

This is a big-tent party.  There is room for lots of political views.  Just because your views are far to the left, doesn't make the more correct than someone else's views.  Also, consider that moderate Democrats are often trying to get to the same outcome using different methods than you or I might (incremental change, vs. sweeping change). 

I'm not posting this comment to be contrary - I personally identify as a Democratic Socialist.  I agree with Bernie Sanders on everything but gun control, and I think we should ban fracking and give everyone a universal income. 

But I have absolutely no problem, at this point, voting for Hillary.  

Please consider joining me (and President Obama, and Bernie Sanders, and millions of other people who all want many of the same outcomes as you do).

And please - stop dividing the left in this election.  The presidential nomination process is over.  Let's focus on holding the line in the presidency, and electing down-ticket federal, state and local progressives!
For a year, Bernie supporters have been told that Clinton was more electable. Now they are trying to insult us into line because according to polls, she requires the support of Bernie supporters in order to make her electable.
Susan Sarandon is standing for what's right. I have respect for her. Sarah Silverman, on the other hand, should be ashamed.
Duh. They don't actually want to unify. That would require making concessions. They'd rather just try to project a unified image to the media, and not change.
I was with Hillary until she rigged the election. She has set a very dangerous precedent that I don't see the DNC coming back from. Preservation of democracy is the biggest issue in this election
I wonder if the celebrities this week who have been all: "Hey Bernie Bros! Stop being pissy little children and fall in line. TRUMP!". Realize that insulting and belittling is not how you win over people.
Unity comes when people within the party know their leader cares for them.

Do you honestly think that Hillary (and Bill) Clinton care about you AT ALL?

Reality check: SHE DOESN'T. (AND HE DOESN'T.)

She'll do whatever to make it SEEM like she cares, but SHE DOESN'T CARE ABOUT US (99% of Americans).

She's in this presidential election to win so her rich donors can get their federal appointments on boards and commissions and their interests lobbied and heard in DC, and implement laws that will ONLY benefit them.

Hillary Clinton is a puppet that's being manipulated by corporate interests.
ie. Clinton Cash

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LYRUOd_QoM

https://www.amazon.com/Clinton-Cash-Foreign-Governments-Businesses/dp/0062369296/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1469736845&sr=8-1&keywords=clinton+cash

If it comes down to Trump and Hillary, I am NOT voting for the lesser of the two evils that are Trump and Hillary.

Progress will only be made with someone like Jill Stein of the Green Party, who shares the most similar values and beliefs as those of Bernie Sanders.

If you are a true Bernie Sanders supporter, you would vote for Green Party's Jill Stein in 2016.

The only reason Bernie endorsed Hillary is to save his political career.
If Bernie had held out until the very end and refused to endorse Hillary at the Democratic National Convention, then establishment Democratic politicians would not like him, and this would further impede his influence and progress in the Senate, where establishment Democrats make up a good amount of the Senate seats.

So the next best thing we can do is to elect progressive leaders to Congress to impede Trump or Hillary from furthering their top 1% interests and fighting for the 99% (the American people).
Say what you will about Trump but he has gone out of his way to unify his party. He chose a VP that would appease conservatives, let Ted Cruz speak at the RNC even though he knew he wouldn't endorse, met with Never Trumpers, even though he won fair and square. 

Clinton is spitting in Bernie's face with the way she is handling this. She doesn't care about uniting the party, she just wants to be the nominee and move on. And Tim Kaine isn't even remotely progressive. Her campaign literally rigged the game against his and are now basically telling his supporters to keep their mouth shut and tow the line. How is this even remotely acceptable?
Massive respect for her and any well-known public figure who has not allowed their principles to become muddied by fear. 
TIL Susan Sarandon is my goddamn hero. 
Hillary will lose this election if they don't figure it out and make real changes.
To be fair, after the leaked DNC emails they pretty much have zero chance of unifying the party so they might as well silence some voices from that point of view.

I'm listening to NPR and they are talking about unifying against Trump.  "We need to create a unified front to ensure that Trump is not elected."  

Well, if you wanted a unified front, you probably should have started with playing your own primary fairly, and not cheating half of your voters and forcing a candidate that the party elites wanted.  

The audacity of them to preach to us now and try to scold us for not supporting Hillary.   I might have considered it, but it's verified now.  She is a corrupt politician that will do anything to be elected.  Honestly, how can you say that Trump poses any greater threat?  The DNC is just as ridiculous as his candidacy.  
Democracy is all about participation. HRC has shown the opposite
#Vote Third Party
In an age where people can just look up what they need to know, it will become harder and harder for them to silence voices or hide ugly truths. They need to accept that.
From all of those with a vagina thank you Susan.  So tired of hearing women are behind HRC because vagina.  It is an historical event but not only reason to vote for a president.  Brains not biology is how it ought to be.
The democrats can GO TO HELL. They have lost my vote forever. Let's vote third party, Jill, Gary, whatever. Just don't be a coward and give in to these corrupt swine. 
As crazy as it may sound, many in the Republican party (including I) are willing to give you Congress in 2 years if you give me Trump. That way you get your down ballots, I get my candidate and American doesn't get Hillary. If Trump gets in and starts to do badly, get ready for the shift of your life in midterms. If Hillary gets in, the backlash from (R) will cause them to get more Congressional seats (thin Tea Party) and keep gridlock. Trump's one guy. Clinton represents the crony-ism that the American public hates. 
Yeah but what does Ja Rule think?
[removed]
They absolutely can unify by taking voices away. It will just have the byproduct of creating another party.
I never quite understood why Hollywood actors play such a large part in American politics.
Vote 3rd party! Gary Johnson has ballot access in all 50 states and is only a few percentage point from televised debates
Oh, she'll be able to unify the party, but not before the party shrinks to the point where it won't matter any more.
Why does anyone care what Susan's opinion is?
Maybe you *could* unify the party by taking voices away. Once all the Sanders supporters leave the democratic party, the remaining democrats will be united!
Exactly. It pisses me off that Bernie supporters are blamed for not unifying. I've never seen a more concerned and loving large group of people unify under a single idea like what Bernie has put forward.
Remember: there is no "we" or "us" in Hillary. Only an "I".
Susan Sarandon, Rosario Dawson, and Shailene Woodley have earned my undying respect this year.
I love Susan Sarandon and now I love her even more! Go Susan!!!
I dont think you unify by taking peoples voices away. Thats not unification.

Sure it is - look at Russia - and North Korea - China. It works.
Sure they can.  Once they have ousted all the dissenters the party will be unified under Queen Hillary.
I was just dropped from Facebook, and blocked, just for saying this.  Nothing more.  Just, politely, saying this.  The Democrats don't want to listen, and they just don't care.
We need a four party system, not two. Both Democrats and Republicans are split.
Unity to the DNClinton is everyone votes for Clinton of GTFO.

So, it's hard to blame some for GingTFO.
And neither will we unify if the mods take our sub away.
I dont know why any of you would unify until not just changes are made, but people are held accountable.  Seriously, and this is for Bernie too. How can anyone with a voice, especially one that matters and has impact, just sit there while not one thing will be done regarding the info in those leaks?! 

DWS is going to be working with Hillary now, per her request.....and I havent hear a damn thing from Bernie or anyone else that can make an impact with a statement. So basically, the "party" and "dnc" are too important. We cant dare affect them by speaking out?  So what the hell is the point of a political revolution? What is actually going to get done?  Sure, we may get a few hand outs in some form...minimum wage maybe, or even TPP being stopped. But is that enough when we know for a fact that it isnt just the system being rigged, our own damn party is crooked and corrupt! And I dont hear much about taking that on. I hear, "maybe ill vote for HIllary" and "Bernie has already done so much already" or "we just have to focus on a few things" and "lets just win this election for the Democrats and THEN we can really really push Hillary to keep her in check".  Really? SMH
You can't unify party by taking voices away! Do you want to drive voters to a third party? Because that's how you drive voters to a third party!
Thank you Sarandon. Thank you for speaking the truth and supporting Bernie and us!
Sure you can.  They are going to remove the dissenters until all that's left is a unified group 45% smaller than before.        
Always love her
2016 is a year during which I learned a lot of new things. One of the things I learned is how much I love Susan Sarandon. Such a bad ass lady. True babe. 
Well..they *can* unify the party by silencing dissenting voices.

They'll just end up with a much smaller party at the end
even if i vote democratic this election (doubtful, although I have done so historically), i'll still mistrust the candidates i'm voting for. Lies, corruption, bullying, intimidation tactics. Oh well I have better things to care about, like the Bernie movement. Who cares about the presidential politics scam...at least Bernie is for real regardless. I'll just vote independent and take the long-term view, no amount of fear mongering will make me vote for horrible people, even though michael moore suggests voting democratic to defeat trump. 
From where i see it, Europe, Sanders is pathetic, after all that we right now know, he should had used the convention stage to tell Hillary what she is and what the DNC are, and after that show them the finger and from that stage asked his supporters to vote for an independent  candidate outside the usual ones from the democrats or republicans, because the truth is they're the same.

I'm sure he's been playing this circus from the beginning.
I voted for Bernie in the Michigan primary.  What I did not vote for was the temper tantrum the Bernie delegates seem to feel they are now entitled to.  
I am very surprised that the mods allowed this to be posted here... #irony
I don't think the DNC cares. I think they think that they will draw some Republicans (like the Koch's) to close the gap. Then Hillary's Goldwater/Kissinger administration can come to fruition. The party is already dead as we know it.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz will be in 16 what Kathleen Harris was in 2000
Friends, I understand your frustrations. I was knocking on endless doors for Bernie, and he's the reason I converted from Independent to Democrat.

I think ultimately, vote your conscience. However, as a voter in Pennsylvania, which apparently will be one of the deal breakers determining whether Trump becomes POTUS, I've decided to bite the bullet and vote for HRC. But that's because I know so many people in solid red/blue states will be casting protest 3rd party votes on behalf of the movement that Bernie has set into motion.
[removed]
It's pretty easy to unify a party of a few.
/r/StillSandersForPres
She also backed Nader in 2000. Ask the nation how well that worked out. 
I think Bernie did a pretty great job of unifying us. Unfortunately he is not who the head honchos wanted to be the unifying candidate. Shows that no party is for anyone but themselves. Too bad he won't run independently he would get my vote every time. 
How about if you IGNORE them and tell them to GET IN LINE.  Will that work?
Serious question from a current Hillary Supporter: How has your voice been taken away? Every speaker bent over backwards to talk about how much they respected Sanders and the party platform has shifted immensely (for the better) from his influence. What would you like Hillary to offer you?

**Edit**: Seriously? Not one person here will give me a serious answer?
This will be the fifth Presidential election I have been a part of. My candidates lost three times in the primary. Obama was the exception. Unfortunately, Bernie was one of them. I'm still here and Im still going to participate. The candidates aren't perfect and they are my ideal candidates. But I will still vote for the candidate closest to my principles. I don't vote out of spite and I don't vote out of anger. Democracy isn't about always getting what you want. Politics is war and war is hell. The future of our country is at stake. We can either get serious and analyze our choices. Or we can sit here and pout like children. If you want change you have to work towards it. It doesn't happen overnight. Yeah the system may be rigged, but to fix the system you have keep trying and trying to change it. Don't give up after the first try and don't intentionally make it worse. Problem is we spoiled children who want everything right now instead of working for it. The most reckless thing a person could do is not voting at all.
Amazing! There are zero direct quotes from Bernie himself talking about unity, the need to elect Clinton to office, and the dangers of a Trump presidency. But Susan sarandon and any bumble fuck nobody who goes against Bernie makes it to our front page. 


This place has been taken lver by trash amd people are shocked that they are forced to shit down what was once a brilliant mouth piece for Bernie amd his revolution.  What a shame. 
Everyone will just give in and allow the cycle of corruption to continue, just like they always have. The age of decadence will live on for a bit longer.
Hmmm, kinda thought she'd tow the party line, good for her.
Well what does JaRule think?
I know no one's going to like this because using the spoiler effect as a weapon to coerce strategic votes feels wrong, and it *is* wrong. The solution, however, is *not* to ignore the root cause of the issue, which is our first past the post voting system. If you really want to fix the system that locked Bernie out, we need to organize and show our support for a more Condorcet friendly system.

In the meantime, there's a reason Bernie isn't running as an independent, and it's not because he was paid.
Dems have been silencing the Right for decades, using the MSM. Now that it's being used against other Dems, Sarandon finally has a problem with it? Don't forget it was Bernie supporters who were shutting down Trump speeches...
Oh wow she's such a genius /s
This sub needs to learn that lesson (ref: the plan to delete it after the convention)
Who cares what famous people think? She's famous for being good at pretending. 
Oh god. Please tell me why I should listen to Susan Sarandon instead of Bernie himself.
Delete this sub. 
Says the guy that endorsed Hillary Clinton 
Met them.  No, they aren't sold on Hillary because they actually have a brain and use it.  
"not sold" is an understatement. Hillary should be in cuffs. She hates democracy and free speech. 
Two very strong fighters, I had the pleasure of listening to them at a rally and they are very passionate & powerful! 
It was lovely how angry he looked during the DNC while he sat in his chair watching Hilary give her "amazing" speech.  Something is up!  
Love Bernie, but this convention is a sham from start to finish.
The only part of the convention that wasn't scripted.
How much longer did Hillary's spontaneous ovation go?

Trick question.  Wasn't one.
Thank you for finding/cutting this clip. It still gives me chills.  2 minutes and 27 seconds. That is so striking and inspiring 
I didn't watch Hillary's speech but her welcome couldn't have been that long or passionate.  Was Obama's even that long?
Thank you delegates for honoring Bernie like this. He deserved so much better but the revolution must live on with us #FatherOfTheRevolution
What place got these printed so fast?
Was wondering what the yellow shirts represented or had on them. Thanks for this+ 
I'm proud of you guys are able to show up for this
[removed]
They can't be used for green screen too
Great idea!
Great idea - let's hope that there are a lot of them being worn tonight!
Are those the ones who are going to try the citizens arrest?  I saw a lot of them way up front.
The DNC banned the Stop TPP signs -  Enough is Enough!
I hate them all. Their fucking condescension. I'm not naive and stupid. We were cheated by you rich fucks who have taken over our government.

The neutral, objective media, talking about "Sanders dead-enders." Right, that's objective. 
>They carried it too far, said Michael Clark, a Washington lobbyist and donor, after a reception at the Academy of Music for the pro-Clinton big-money groups Media Matters, Correct the Record and American Bridge 21st Century. They embarrassed Bernie at one point. **They certainly embarrassed Hillary.**

Pretty sure embarrassing her, hopefully into the long shot of withdrawing, was kinda the point.
people said the same thing about blm interruptions

"I don't understand why you are mad please be quiet and get in line"
Keep up the ignorance morons.  If they want a war of wills they can have one.
I guess Hillary supporters don't really want my vote.
Quoting from the article... "Their behavior wont help advance the liberal causes championed by Sanders, asserted Nancy Beeuwkes, a Massachusetts activist who along with her husband has donated nearly $6 million to Democratic candidates and causes over the years." So...1.  Ms. Beeuwkes is saying that liberal causes are advanced based upon the behavior of Sanders' supporters rather than because Democrats support liberal causes? 2. This statement shows that she feels that she personally has a lot of clout in deciding what is and is not advanced. 6 Million well spent, then.
Of course they hate us. To them we are crashing the party they spent so much on, trying to "muscle our way in" their election that they bought square and fair. They know the rules, we are the rubes to them, too poor to have a voice.
Speak the truth, shame the devil.

They want us to shut up, because our voices are having an effect.
We'll see what they have to say in November.
When you throw away your voting leverage by refusing to accept the existence of 3rd parties

This is what will ALWAYS happen

theyll treat you as suckers
they're right about one thing. For the most part, we're young and still have a lot to learn. we're only going to get bigger, better, faster, stronger. watch out, big money. We will bring the revolution one day, whether it's tomorrow, in ten years, or when you're all dead and buried, but we'll have our day.
Fuckin' shut me up!
Bernie supporter to Hillary donors: fuck off
[Sanders backers to Clinton supporters: Shut up.](http://meredithaz.worldnow.com/story/32559739/clinton-backers-asked-to-speak-at-sanders-rally-then-booed)
[deleted]
Right now there are several subreddits already in existence - r/Political_Revolution (the offshoot of S4P), r/Kossacks_for_Sanders, r/StillSandersForPres, r/WayOfTheBern, plus a few that I haven't subscribed to so I can't remember the names.

I agree with you.  I suggest that you post this on some of these new subreddits and get ideas. (Incidentally WayOfThe Bern and Kossacks for Sanders are modded in part by what appear to be professional writers/bloggers) (WayOfTheBern is comprised of Kossacks who jumped off).
I say user name checks out! I agree. R RiseUPP  has just started and there are others , national progressives, time will tell which one has the people to make it go. I like r RiseUPP, and think it can go the distance, if not a new one will form. I am voting Stein, but a new party without the history and able to carry a big tent of people is best. In New York, the Working Families Party is happening, but it isn't here in CA, but it looked good. But check out UPP
This sub is the only reason I'm on reddit, the only reason I know what the hell a caucus is, and the only reason I never gave up. Even just the idea of shutting this place down breaks my heart. I honestly believe that this place is bigger than the sum of its parts - we created something really special here and I doubt it can ever be recreated elsewhere. Not trying to be a Negative Nancy, I just wish the mods would let it fizzle out organically. I think many of us still see a real need for this community as we continue to process everything that has happened and anticipate new information in the days, weeks, and months to come. The trolls will move along in time, if they haven't already.

Besides, FWIW, I bet most of us *still want* Sanders to be president. Maybe he won't get sworn in this time around, but having a sub devoted to a possible 2020 run wouldn't be the worst thing. And even if that doesn't turn out to be a possibility, we can still dream, right? Closing down the sub two days after Bernie didn't win his epic, historical bid is kind of like throwing the baby out with the bathwater.
Mods are a lot like DNC staffers... They don't give a SHIT about you. 
Please don't shut this sub down. 
Completely agree, hopefully we get a vote.
Unfortunately it seems the decision is made. It sucks and I disagree with it but we have to remind/push people to head over to /r/political_revolution, otherwise we only splinter further.
The 2016 Presidential election has not occurred yet 
If they abandon the sub someone else can just take it over
This sub's name is "Sanders for President" and was designed to campaign for his presidential run.

He's no longer running for president. What's the point? The Political Revolution is our next project.
It seems like the idea is to get Bernie supporters to spread out to other candidates, races, etc. I think that's a good idea. We can sit here and wish Bernie was going to be our president, or we can continue the revolution elsewhere and look at electing folks in our states - ya know, the ones who actually makes the laws and stuff. If even half the energy here was spread out into elections across the nation, we truly could get the things we want for our country. Or we could just be mad that a subreddit wants us to... 
Kinda is their choice though. 
Man point made. Join r/the_revolution 
>I cannot fathom how you, the Americans, continue to put up with so much of this corruption year after year

Jesus, stop basing your opinions on reddit. We are one of the least corrupt countries on the planet. 
And yet, SHE is supposedly against the TPP.

Riiiiight.
DNC: Do Not Criticize
Bring your markers.
That's why I hid mine in a newspaper. Don't worry, we're still doing everything we can. This is so overwhelming but we're not giving up. Thanks for supporting us on the outside...
but, but, but... Hillary said she was against the TPP!
...can we just make a third party now plz? i'm tired of progressives being married to these neo-lib corporate chicken hawks. 
This sounds like a dare. 
No access to hall then no vote for Hillary
Ahh yes America the shining example of democracy in action. /sarcasm
The DNC is literally a corrupt, fascist party. They control the narrative put out by the media, they control the people's voice and opinions, they are running this show like a modern age dictatorial regime.
Shouldn't she have one of these signs on ? It's her campaign promise right. The TPP LIKE NAFTA ARE horrific for average people and only Trump
Will stop the TPP. He has hated these trade agreements since NAFTA. 

She is not only backing off her promise she is now exiling those who speak up against!!! 
[Unity!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=24&v=toAEQTsidvg&ab_channel=frank51ify)
I don't agree with the rules, but they prevent _all_ signs. If you see signs in there that are _not_ Bernie or anti-TPP, call it out immediately.

> Prohibited Items

> Banners, Signs, or Placards of any type or size

This means they are not allowed to have Hillary signs, either.

https://www.demconvention.com/delegates-logistics/security/
If you bring in a pro-TPP sign do they boot you for being opposed to Hillary's campaign?
[deleted]
Fucking. Disgusting.
....I'm so pissed and yet terribly sad. **$!#%#@**
Well, fuck the DNC, then, for not supporting the will of the people. Progressives oppose TPP. Period.
Freedom of speech at its finest. This is what America's all about...right?
Bern the goddamned democratic party.
Does this surprise anyone? This is a convention for the person that called the TPP the "gold standard of trade agreements". Not to mention that they're counting on not many Americans knowing what it is so that not many people care once it's signed. Really does explain why they wanted anti-TPP signage removed. The less people that know, the better (as in better for her). She's going to pass it, there is ZERO doubt about that if she becomes president.
This is some straight up authoritarian nonsense.  So much for the "Big Tent Party."  Agree with everything we want or else!   
They don't allow custom-made outside signs. Pretty simple.
Great name. I bet there will be a lot of kids born given that  name in the years 2016/17.
Damn, I wish I could find that poster they show in the article!
He did good.  Now let's all fucking rage.
[deleted]
I don't really take seriously this idea that Hillary is going to do what we or Bernie wanted. Just empty rhetoric and campaign promises. 

We/Bernie lost.   Not won. 
That's a little over the top but the sentiment is nice.
Hillary will not change the special interests and corporations know this and why hasn't she released her transcripts yet!!!


Who is she for real!!! 
None of his accomplishments will make it past November 8th.  Hillary's handlers will lock down the internet to prevent another possible Bernie.   I wish I could be more optimistic.
Maybe because if [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylGUSfkskmY)?
The sub is closing, I think she wants people to know that she has a sub as well, before we all scatter. I'm glad she did, becauseI hadn't known, and she is a politician I want to keep track of.
Continue the fight with Tulsi Gabbard over at 

* r/Tulsi 
* r/PoliticalRevolutionHI
* r/Political_Revolution
* [@GrassrootsTulsi](https://twitter.com/GrassrootsTulsi)
* [GRT Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/grassrootstulsi/)
There are even Republicans who want Bernie over Trump. Trump, the most unfavorable president of modern history, should have been the salvation for the Democrats. This election should have been in the bag, a resounding signal that neoconservatism is nearing its end. 

Yet the Democrats insisted on choosing the one candidate *that may actually lose to Trump.*

This election cycle is nothing short of mind blowing.
Anger is gift. We came tantalizingly close to having not just a good president, but a potentially great one. Hillary fans like to taunt us, and say that we'll warm up to Hillary eventually. But they are mistaken. Instead, they will be the ones who will slowly come to the realization of the opportunity wasted.
Exactly this. I've tried to explain this to many people in the past month. They don't understand, and this might be just the explanation that they need.
[deleted]
budgets must originate in the House.

bernie is in the senate
[deleted]
It would have been possible without the DNC leaks.
[removed]
See this is why we need to close this sub, why would we ever need to know this kind of information? /s
I wouldn't say that Bernie would be writing the budget, that depends how the political revolution progresses, if it does, then Bernie very well will be involved in the budget and influence a lot. But how much influence he will have will depend on us, for him to have complete influence over the budget when Hillary is president and has cardinally different views than Bernie, + congress and senate stacked with superdelegates, it will be difficult to influence the budget substantially, but it depends on us. If the budget was done today, i thin we would have as much influence on the budget as we had on the party programme, which is more cosmetic rather than substantive 
That's nice, but the budget is extremely contentious and debated. The person who "writes it" is very far away from asserting any kind of authority over the rest of Congress. 

And such a paltry power certainly is not sufficient reason to support Hillary. 
That's me.  Yes, he would like Patty to move to Appropration since it is the "more" high ranking A committee.  It's possible this is part of his negotiation with the Clinton campaign, which his leverage will not be helped by Sanders' delegates at the convention.  No Senator has cared for Appropration since earmarks were eliminated and since the Congress cannot pass a budget.
Yeah, he'll get one letter and that's it. If he's lucky to finish the letter. 
Redundant if the Democrats do not attain the majority control of the House and the Senate. That being said, I do not think Democrats have good odds of getting such control in the upcoming election, given the implosion of the DNC and its treatments toward Bernie Sanders and Wikileaks' leaks.
His face says it all. I can't imagine how much he must be hurting right now.
I think this is significant actually.  I expected him to stand and applaud when she mentions some of the points they agreed to put into the platform.  That he didn't seems telling to me.  If he believes that she will actually try to fight for those things than he should applaud the voice she gives that issue.  Instead, his demeanor shows that he seems a little angry about something.  It could be a number of things but it is clear that he is not showing enthusiasm for issues that he has always shown enthusiasm for.  During Sanders speech, Bill Clinton made sure to stand and applaud, energetically, at times and Bernie would have done the same even out of simple curtousy.  That he didn't is interesting to me.
I didn't watch the speech live (or any of the evening, actually). Other than that brief smile for a moment that someone when she mentions his supporters he looks like he is truly suffering. I hope he makes it safely home to Vermont. Something is not right.
It's not surprising that it was a stressful time.
I'm more worried of Hillary... Holy crap does she look uncertain. Shaking her head as of saying what a bunch of idiots
Wait til you see the face of every DNC hack when Trump wins. "but...but...but...we CORONATED her!!!!". It is, absolutely, the pizza party we deserve.
Is this the same asshole who did the photo essay on Sanders supporters crying?

Somewhere a high school is missing one of its douchebags.
Wow. That was the BIGGEST crowd Hillary has ever had!
I've never heard Bernie cuss before.  
How we all feel
He is correct.

It's time to stop crying about Hillary and start moving all of the momentum he has built into local and state elections. 
[removed]
Because that sub is moderated by the same people that moderate this sub, including a guy who recently stepped down as mod here after *closing the sub* without any feedback from the community.


I wrote off /r/Political_Revolution forever when I learned it was moderated by the same guy who arbitrarily shut down this subreddit on Monday night.
[removed]
You couldn't pay me to use a sub ran by the same people as this subreddit. Tolerating them for a year was hard enough.
Is it political revolution for the democratic party, or also for 3rd parties and independents?
The problem with PoliticalRevolution is it is being run by the same mods who kind of "rage quit" this reddit.  Not sure I want to invest a similar amount of effort in a forum that could go poof again.
Green Party is where the party and after party is at. 
how do you get there?
Be along soon.
Ah yes, hope the mods see just how easy it is to transfer a community of 200k people to a new sub. 
I was in Philly for the first few days, and I am heartened by the amount of folks who are awakened. I set a list of goals when I returned home so I can help continue our movement. BTW, I enjoy following your tweets!
Ok, since I stated who I'd vote for, in a Trump v Hillary election, my comment was auto-deleted. Understandably, because I wrote about which candidate I would be most likely to support, and gave reasons for why.

This is probably not the subreddit to discuss this, because I'd imagine most comments would seem to support another candidate, which obviously will be auto-deleted.

I will send my entire comment as a private message, in case you're interested, but I will not share it here, due to it probably breaking the subreddit-rules.
Green pill
[removed]
Green pill. Stein is still in the fight.
Vote for the candidate who hates race deals and specifically nafta and TPP 
[removed]
[removed]
Blue 
First, you got the colors of the pills mixed up. It's supposed to be blue pill: you wake up tomorrow thinking it was all a bad dream, and red pill: you wake up to the truth. 

Second: after what you've learned about Hillary, can you really justify shutting your eyes, sticking your fingers in your ears, and pretending like everything wrong here is just fantasy? Think ahead a bit here. If we don't draw the line here, how far is it going to continue? 

My suggestion: take the green pill.
Of the two, Hillary will most certainly do the most damage. Having said that, Trump will just simply do nothing at all.

So were left with either corrupt and dangerous, or harmless and ineffective.

Neither are qualities befitting of the job. Having said that, you have four choices:


1.) Vote Pro-Corruption.
2.) Vote Pro-Nothing.
3.) Vote Green
4.) Don't Vote.

As you can see, numbers 2 and 4 are virtually identical with regards to end-results. Whereas options 1 and 3 are seemingly polar opposites.

I suppose that one could say that the results of choosing 3 or 4 will net the same outcome, and they'd probably be right- it all comes down to conscience. If you HAVE to vote, just make sure you can sleep with your decision afterwards.
Just follow Bernie's great example.  Understand there has always been corruption and unfairness, be smarter than they are and change what you can.  But, be like Bernie.  Whatever happens, don't give up, keep on fighting for fairness, equality, the 99%, and the continued existence of the human race.  Our voice is louder and stronger than they thought possible already, but they ain't seen nothin' yet.  We can do this if we do it together.  Join /r/Political_Revolution to get started. 
Take the purple pill, it will help the heartburn of (unfortunately) dealing with Trump for the next 4yrs or whenever he gets assassinated...
You can vote for Hillary and still be part of the revolution. They aren't mutually exclusive. You agree with her much more than you agree with other candidates. It's in your best interest and everybody else's as well. Find a better way to be angry at the DNC than letting Trump destroy the country. 

EDIT: The downvotes are so telling about the privileged douche bags who linger in this sub. Of course Trump isn't threatening to deport the families of white people so you think your shitty protest vote is some kind of stand. In reality your are just going to get minorities hurt by helping that fucking monster come in to power. Fake...fucking...liberals.
...the work that's going straight in the trash.  Clinton hasn't honored a promise to anyone who hasn't given her a few million dollars, and she won't honor any of the ones she's making now.  

Sure, she'll run left of center until November, but after that, I give it six months of her "Republican in liberal clothing" before everyone is asking what happened to their progressive agenda.  First thing she'll do is pay back her donors.  That'll also be the last thing she does, and everything she does in between. 

The American people won't get progressive reform or fair treatment because we aren't rich enough to pay for it.

Not that Trump is better, but Jill Stein most *definitely* is.  In every metric except name recognition.
We tried to express our sorrow and deep mistrust at the DNC.  They blocked us, jeered at us, threw us out, revoked credentials, and tore signs from our hands.

The mourning didn't happen so the work will be in keeping her from getting elected now as we do not trust her.
The work of stopping the el ton of politicians who only represent the interests of the 1% and who commit election fraud to steal elections?  The work of stopping an evil person from becoming President?

Got it, Jane.  I will continue to WORK to make sure Hillary is never elected President. 
This GOP focus has everything to do with  ["money in politics!"](http://www.opensecrets.org/news/2010/09/opensecrets-battle-koch-brothers/)

  .   .  .  Given the difficultly in tracking donations to nonprofits and charitable organizations, its almost impossible to quantify whether the "Koch brothers" or "George Soros" dominate this political realm. That said, both the Kochs and Soros have spent incredible riches in this area with no sign of stopping.

>[George Soros](http://nlpc.org/stories/2010/07/09/george-soros-new-plan-globalism-and-crony-capitalism)  the Godfather to the left. 


>[Koch Bros](http://www.westernjournalism.com/koch-brothers-george-soros-fear/) on the right.

http://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2016-03-15/soros-alarmed-by-trump-pours-money-into-2016-race
And it's all taking place in a convention funded by corporations. The big money interests see Trump as a risk & are looking to buy policy influence from the Dems. Corporatists & the military industrial complex know they're much more likely to have a return on their investment from the democratic establishment this election cycle.

Watching all the enthused Clinton delegates there is like watching factory farm animals celebrating as they willfully walk to their slaughter, cheering on as butchers make speeches. Deeply unnatural & unsettling. I wish they could wake up from their ideological imprisonment.
The DNC show is rapidly moving from terrible to horrible.  What next, a 10 minute documentary on Ronald Regan?

I will have plenty of Kleenex for tonight when I listen to the illegitimate nominee.  How sad, this entire spectacle, and most Americans are fully unaware?

#HRC-ILLEGITIMATENOMINEE!
Leaked DNC voicemails reveal the tone of many HRC donors - "Those idiot Sanders yahoos will vote for us no matter what we dont need to a damn thing for them". 

Sadly many are indeed getting tricked into doing just that
Mitt was there?  Oh my god.


It was the same thing with Obama, he ran progressive, but the minute he got in all he did was care about winning conservatives, and he lost the house and senate because of it. 

Hillary is living like it is 1992 and triangulation is really good concept, same with her, white male family values rightwing VP pick .

People are sick of moderates. 
Mitt Romney?  Really?  
So let me get this straight.. Hillary has Soros and Koch brothers in her corner.  Bloomberg, neocon Romney, and Panetta as well.  And Trump is anti tpp, has self funded his primary run, moved the party to the center on more issues, not funded by wall street, doesn't want to start new wars and nation build... oh wait but he says things that arent PC.  
  
  
Or look at it like this, you can support a corrupt DNC which suppresses democracy of its own voters and pretend to help you while stabbing you in the back.  Or you can permanently move an entire party towards the center and away from the religious right and neocons and get some actual stuff done.  Or go 3rd party.
Throughout the history of the country we've seen dramatic shifts in the priorities of political parties. It appears that voters have wisened up enough to see that Dems no longer cater to them. Either a strong new 3rd party will emerge to fill this void, or the GOP will come back around to the idea of doing our bidding. I don't see Dems shifting course until they suffer more setbacks ... as if getting destroyed in the house and losing control of the Senate weren't bad enough.
Yet Nina Turner denied the chance to speak which was supposed to happen.
What the hell? Mitt Romney spoke?
The #DemConvention also featured Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren, and Tulsi Gabbard.

Or is lying OK as long as you're on the side of the angels?
Well, that's misleading. It didn't "feature" them. Romney was shown in a video to show Republicans don't like Trump, Panetta gave a short speech, and Bloomberg is an independent. 

They did feature the two best known Progressives though; Warren and Sanders. And Michelle, Barack, and Biden, who are all moderate Democrats. 

I hate this notion that reaching out to the other side is some terrible sin. Lack of compromise is one of the worst parts of groups like the Tea Party. I thought it was great that those individuals above were included. 
They didn't feature Mitt
"Stop and Frisk" is a pretty good nickname
No Republicans besides the donors will go to Hillary.  
She's alienated actual Liberals and independents as well.
"saying it like it is" is hell of a lot easier than introducing change and progress. 
"Appealing to GOP more important than peogressives" 

Not a fair statement. The Democrats are behind some of the biggest progressive reforms of the last 80 years and if they can get Republicans to start coming around they can begin to move the national conversation to the left instead of the center-right that exists now. This is what the GOP leadership spoke of when they said Trump would destroy their party. 
I'll say at the outset that I am not a fan of any of these people and I had no problem with people chanting at Panetta.  BUT:

The GOP is not more important than progressives.  Many speakers have talked about progressive values.  I for one thought Obama did a good job of it last night.

The speakers you're complaining about are not there because they're going to drive the party's agenda.  They're there because people of all stripes are coming together to beat Trump.  

Actually think about what someone like Romney would have to be thinking to oppose Trump and appear at the convention.  He knows the Democrats aren't going to push his policies.  He's motivated by the fact that Trump would be an unmitigated disaster for the country.
So sad to see how Sander's supporters are being manipulated. I voted for Sanders because I liked him despite knowing how unrealistic his platform was. My goal was to push Clinton to the left and remind her of her core.

But the reality is that Clinton has to appeal to a moderate country to win a general election against Trump. She has a career steeped in progressive values, but to think that with a Republican dominated congress Sanders would get anything he wanted done is ridiculous.

The most important thing to overturning Citizen's United and getting money out of politics is that Supreme Court nominee.

If Sanders voters decide to vote for Jill Stein because they hate Hillary, then they can live with the consequences of Trump appointing ultra conservatives to the Supreme Court and having this country go the opposite direction of what sanders wanted.

Not only will you have a conservative court, but taxes on the rich will be cut, not even staying the same. Programs and budgets to help young people and those striving will be cut.

That's because Sander supports don't care about actually having a progressive agenda, they just want it their way on their terms and willing to throw the baby out with the bath water because they can't accept that Clinton won and Sanders lost.
Because she had Bernie lay down for her.
My guess is if she gets elected, the TPP will be signed by her and ready to go on the first day.
Dear Sanders Delegates, 

There are very many ways to get the message across.  You have done so very well to date.  And, by doing so, you have given proof beyond any doubt of your patriotism and your incredible value.  THANK YOU!  Please take a bow.

You are rather creative, and somehow I know, that regardless of opposition, you will do your level best.

Give them the HELL that they deserve.  I wish I could be present to support in any way possible.  Be STRONG and remain BRAVE.
weren't they confiscating anti TPP signs?
Hi `dandylionsummer`. Thank you for participating in /r/SandersForPresident. However, [your submission](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4v828g/what_happened_to_nina_turner/) did not meet the requirements of the [community guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules) and was therefore removed for the following reason(s): 

----

* **[Over-discussion](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_title_and_subject_rules.) (rule #5b):** Submissions which contain content that is posted very consistently may be removed.

 * Overdiscussed topics may be given megathreads in some cases, but all overdiscussed topics are ineligible to be reposted regardless of the 30 day repost limit. 

 * Major breaking news will almost always be given a megathread.

 * Before posting a policy question about Bernie, please visit [FeelTheBern.org](http://www.feelthebern.org) and use the search bar to look for various terms related to your post.



* **[Low Productivity](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_title_and_subject_rules.) (rule #6):** Submissions which provide little content or in-depth material are considered low productive, such as unsubstantial text posts, or link posts to text conversations, screenshots, memes, photos, or other low content material.





----

If you have any specific questions about this removal, please [message the moderators](https://www\.reddit\.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FSandersForPresident&subject=about my removed submission&message=I'm writing to you about the following submission: https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4v828g/what_happened_to_nina_turner/. %0D%0DMy issue is...). Hateful or vague messages will not receive a response. **Please do not respond to this comment.**
I feel you. But, there's no 'getting over' election fraud. Or her email situation. 
The way I see it, Trump and Clinton trains are both going the wrong way (and likely to derail and go up in flames). Stein is going the right way slowly - maybe she gets 5%, or 15%, and the Greens can be better positioned in future elections.


I just watched here's in almost every state, peoples registrations were changed, or caucusing shenanigans happened. Over and over, people were not allowed to vote. I can not forget that, and I can not forgive it, and I will not vote for it.
People are so quick to assume her train is going where she says it's going. This from a woman who even said she'd be willing to compromise on abortion. Her whole career is filled with lies, corruption and election rigging, smearing, and somehow people think she won't do too much damage.

This is a person who supports fracking and wars, talk about damage!


Supporting the Green Party keeps progressive issues alive.  The democrats do not appear to need us ex-Berners.  They have already started moving to the center - in fact I think Hillary will be on FOX pretty soon trying to pick up some votes there.  If the Greens are truly a threat to an HRC presidency, then maybe she won't move so far to the right.  
Maher has been riding the Barney Frank train for a while and brought him on several times this season to bash Bernie. We were not able to watch the show tonight but I did briefly watch Overtime and Maher was a straight up condescending toward Dr. West.

Maher is pretty ignorant to how things really are in the world. He talked down to Amy Goodman regarding drone strikes when he didn't have a clue what he was talking about. He's also a total Islamaphobe. 

Real Time is best when watched for comedic value and not taken seriously at all.
>Are we really vilifying her, unreasonably so?

No, dude.  She's just as bad as most people think she is, possibly worse.  Maybe she isn't quite the devil, but she's someone who has lied and cheated her way to the very top and plans to continue doing just that as long as it suits her, all while maintaining a dishonest facade in front of the American people.  She's at the head of one of the most extensive and corrupt political machines in American history, stretching through politics, industry, and the media.

She's directly responsible for cheating most of our preferred candidate, and we don't know what might have happened if the election were truly fair.  There's even possible evidence indicating that the voting itself could have been tampered in some locations.

Voting is the heart of democracy and the most important part of it to protect.  Say whatever you will about Donald Trump, but he's running against an opponent who is willing to compromise the very foundations of our political system in order to win.
It was a beautiful conglomeration of anonymous characters briefly joined together in a common goal of drastic political change.  I think we all learned and taught ourselves something through all of this; we have the funding, we have the know how and we have the motivation to create change.  When that all sinks in and we all reorganize and push forward, it will be unlike anything the world has ever seen!  I'll be waiting in the shadows for the call to the streets.
[removed]
the democrats want to deregulate banks and the republicans want to regulate them. what the hell is this, Bizarro world?
Way to reach out to the 13.2 million Sanders' supporters. Nailed it Kaine! 
Shhh, Unity! 
Oh, my, this is getting worse by the second.
Democratic party continues to give the finger to Bernie supporters.
How Republican of him.


Well that's not progressive...
/r/StillSandersForPres
Yeah... that never didn't work out for everyone!
I'm moving, and USPS offered to help me update voter registration. Decided to register with the Green Party instead of unaffiliated. I'm in NJ so the decision is rather simple, If I was in a swing state I would still not vote blue or red.
inb4 mods
Gary Johnson is pro TPP and actually said that he doesn't think killary didn't do anything wrong
Declare your independence from the USA Two-Party System, emigrate.
I did that many years ago, back when the first Clinton was leaving office.
As much as I support multiple party system it cannot be achieved with the current SMC system. You need to overhaul the election system first to do anything (and I am sure the big 2 will not like it)
Stop taxpayer funding of party primaries (through ballot measures). Lowers the barrier of entry for independents and smaller parties.
[removed]
It's a good point. I'm going to throw everything at third party until further notice. It's the first step in removing money from politics. I would like to see the uncorrupted dems move to third party also.
Forget gary johnson he said killary did not do anything wrong.

A vote for gary is a vote for killary
TL:DR for this blog post: Lesser of two evils is still evil.

I've lived long enough to have fully, and completely experienced what happens when we allow the greater of two evils to be president. Dubya was a complete disaster, and as much as it was easy at the time to malign Gore--that election had tremendous consequences for our country that likely would not have played out had Gore been in office.

Yes, the two party system sucks. Yes, we need to have instant run-off voting, etc. But there is no way in hell I am ever going to allow someone like Trump to get into office. I'm with Bernie on this and I hope more people come to realize this before its too late.
Dude, your post history (brief as it may be) has you clearly backing Gary Johnson. This is why Sanders sub is going to get shut down. Fuck off.
Trump is an outsider the GOP hates him because he's against special interests and trade packs. 
Also, declare your independence from Earth's gravitational field. We're tired of this shit. Go ahead, jump, what's the worst that could happen?
But this just helps Trump win in November

I agree, the two party system is awful. But there is very little we can change between now and November. If everyone votes third party, Trump will most likely win from fragmented voters!

We need to work to get it where there are plenty of parties, and no one is registered to one party of the other. That primaries are equal to all parties, so that the public has to narrow down who's running for each party, and then narrow down a bunch of parties down to two for the final. But the two final parties won't always be Democrat or Republican. It could be Republican and Independent, or any other variation with different parties. And have it be a government funded debate system so you get them all together at the same time.

So much needs to be changed. But nothing is going to happen by November, and the truth of the matter is, if you fragment the democratic votes, Trump wins. And i'd rather take 4 years of a Clinton than 8+ years of a dictator Trump
Fuck the party
This is non-news. He was elected as an independent, of course he wouldn't switch affiliations in the middle of his term. That would be the same as someone running for office as a democrat then when they get there saying 'Just kidding! I'm a republican now!'
If Sanders is going to be an Independent instead of a Democrat, why is he asking people to vote for one? Clearly he doesn't believe in them either. 
Even Bernie joined the Demexit.
[deleted]
Why would he go back as a democrat? When has he ever been a Democrat in the Senate?
I know the party is fucked, but I wish he would stay a dem so he could become majority leader if we manage to elect enough progressives to the senate to reduce republican numbers.
Man, at first I thought he was still gonna run for President, but Independent. Guess that's it for this guy. Hopefully Stein has the balls to pick up the mantle for the Revolution.

Bye bye Bernie, thanks for starting us on a path to the revolution.
When he endorsed I thought about stripping it off, and even planned to when it happened, but I kept it on, and will leave it on. My yard sign is still up.  I want as many people as possible to know that we won't just go away.

This was a historic run, that I am very proud to have been a part of, and look forward to seeing the progressive awakening overtake the status quo.  It's already happened, we just have to shake them harder until they too wake up. 
I'm never taking it off.
keeping it
Glad to have supported Bernie and helped his campaign in 7 states across this country. No regrets. Glad we were able to spread the ideas of socialized medicine, the ideas of a 15 dollar minimum wage, paid family leave. That's what this campaign has been about from day one. And because of that, I was able to knock on over 2000 doors and spread that message.
I'm not allowed to have bumper stickers on my car (although I have about a dozen Bernie bumper stickers. I'll tuck most of them away so they don't get yellowed. I still see a lot of them on cars. If I had one on my car I'd either leave it on or leave it on and put a new one next to it... third party or meteor 2016.
Mine's still on, not sure when I'll be ready to take it off. I've also worn Bernie shirts three days in a row - I will NEVER get rid of my beloved Bernie shirts! <3
Honestly, I'm going to sell it (the car) and donate it to Bernie. Bernie has meant so much to us all over the ages. He has been in our hearts and awakened something powerful within our society. We need to make sure he is around for a long time and the best way is to keep donating. I will never stop giving to Bernie ever.
It's never coming off our car. I also have a back up bumper sticker in case we have to get a new car years from now, or if our current sticker gets taken off somehow. 

Also I was in Downtown LA this morning and was happy to see two other cars that still had their bumper stickers :)
waiting to post them til after the abortion which will be either a hillary or a trump presidency.
too little, too late. organized religion isn't going anywhere and corrupt politics isn't going anywhere. the country will fall before any changes can be made. the machinery will make sure of that
>The two friends, made in Oregon, and traveling together across the land in story and song, reflect on a difficult day

>Birdie:  How're you feeling?

>Bernie:  There's still work to do.

>Birdie:  How many times have you said that over the past forty years?

>Bernie:  Well, if I had a dollar for every time...we'd not have needed any contributions to run the campaign.  Some truths hold.

>Which as a phrase itself, holds in the air for a while.

>Birdie:  Some folks have said they want their contributions back.

>Bernie tucks his head a little lower, but keeps walking at the same pace.

>Bernie:  Shows just how much a minimum fifteen dollar minimum wage is needed.  Supporting this or any movement can hurt in many ways...it shouldn't have to be financially painful as well.

>Birdie:  They'll eventually see that the money was well spent - that it brought all of these needed ideas of change to the forefront.  Better to purchase a political revolution than to buy a President.

>Bernie:  You're starting to sound a bit like me, Birdie.

>Birdie:  Fair game when your species starts to tweet.

>Bernie grins that grin we've all come to love - the one in which we realize that even in the fire and struggle, there's a man underneath who truly, deeply, cares about us all.

>Birdie:  What next?

>Bernie:  What now.  There's still a present to be opened.  There's still work to do.

>He pauses again.  A bit of the gleam now, a bit of the fist raises in his eye.

>Bernie:  We'll hold her to task.  Every time today with "Hillary believes...".  Now she can either follow through or be seen as not keeping her word.

>Birdie:  But all your ideas, coming out of her mouth.
  
>Bernie:  Ideas are owned by everybody who wants to keep them safe.  Make them come to life.

>There's a lull.  They keep walking as Birdie notices that Bernie has tilted his head, as if listening to something externally, and trying to keep it internal.  And Birdie is correct.  Bernie hears the voices, the words being spoken, the epithets being hurled.

>Birdie:  History will be kind to you.

>Bernie:  It's that wonderful Debs quote, "Too long have the workers of the world waited for some Moses to lead them out of bondage. He has not come; he never will come. I would not lead you out if I could; for if you could be led out, you could be led back again."

>Birdie:  Moses led them to the mountain, but not into the promised land.

>Bernie:  Everybody activates differently.  Some through anger.  Some through fear.  Some through love.  For some, today was necessary - to defeat the oligarchy, we have to also defeat my name.

>Birdie:  And you're ok with that?

>Bernie pauses.  Looks out over the field.

>Bernie:  It was never about me.

>Birdie:  I knew I landed on your sign for a reason.

>Bernie:  And that is?

>Birdie:  Because I knew you would never cause me, or us, harm.

>And with that, this chapter ends...and a new one begins.  #ForeverBernie

Wow... Okay.. Tears, tears... Oh the tears.
[removed]
Super beautiful. I hope Bernie sees this. I've never seen anyone work so hard to make the world a better place. I am truly thankful and not for one minute have I ever been angry with him. While I donated close to the max I think every penny was well spent and I would do it again in a heartbeat. Bernie inspired me but the words in this submission ring true. Thanks!
T ^ T

Sniffles.
wow....amazing
[Image caption:

Birdie: What now, Bernie?

Bernie: Same thing we do every day Birdie, try and change the world]
Priceless...thank you, thank you, thank you
I feel like he's stopped any attempt at a revolution by falling in line and endorsing. 
Lol, I thought the nominee was against the TPP?
That happened to us Monday. Got threatened with losing credentials by Ohio delegation boss man. No signs were allowed but then they brought in 'Love Trumps Hate' signs while Hillary super delegates in front of us harassed us throughout the night and tried to take physically take our signs away.
Apparently the rules at the DNC are something like.  We can take your credentials for any reason we want, so sit down and shut up.  
I know everything we have learned about the DNC is just evil...but I almost can't believe what I am reading. This is literally straight out of a dystopian novel...
Newsflash: The Kim-Jong Hill convention will allow no signs that support the rhetorical promises of Kim-Jong Hill
I'm a NY delegate who can confirm. I held signs too. Threatened profusely. Didn't back down. 
Here's what bothers me the most about the Democrats: they use liberal ideology as a smokescreen to mask the fact that they are, in fact, acting in the best interest of corporate paymasters. 

'Liberalized' trade=corporations get to ship jobs overseas with fewer encumbrances. 

Stop TPP!
DNC is the new Russia 
The establishment Dems must be destroyed.  They will kick out people who hold up signs demanding a position that their nominee allegedly endorses?  They must go down to utterly humiliating defeat.   And then the new generation of Berniecrats must pick their bones. 
The DNC Convention is a virtual North Korean Kim Jong-Un love fest!
I have never been more appalled---we live in an Alice In Wonderland sham democracy.   

No need to buy the  [Lesser Evil Voting](http://www.counterpunch.org/2016/06/29/noam-chomsky-john-halle-and-henry-the-first-a-note-on-lesser-evil-voting/) corporate elite spin and compromising one's integrity and value system to vote for someone manifesting  decades of bad judgement, and illicit covert actions seems an incomprehensible trade off.  There are other choices!!!

Hillary is at the very beating heart of the rigged political system, and overt pay-for-play influence peddling, is not only not going to honestly confront corruption, but the White House, already [the least transparent administration in history]
(http://www.aim.org/aim-column/the-least-transparent-administration-in-history/), will gradually become totally dark and inaccessibleforget about  [FOIA ](https://www.judicialwatch.org/investigative-bulletin/) from the public, and other critical checks and balances.

\#DictatorDNC
what about large banner of Election Fraud above Biden??

http://i.imgur.com/BU3HapR.jpg

This is to protect the fragile corporate media, Obama, Biden, and Timmy from any visible protest.
I notice a lot of signs in the crowd right now.  
Ughhh... Strip their credentials... Do they really want Sanders supporters to have less of a reason to like them? I'd call them on this bluff. They need Sanders supports at this point... If they didn't Hillary wouldn't have adopted his entire platform... Im a novice at this though... That's just my take.
And they say Trump is the potential dictator.
Isn't Hillary supposed to be very anti TTP? Like I remember it being talked about how awful it was two nights ago on the DNC. Are they going back on that? 
And they say Trump is the closest we will ever get.
But why would they do that? Clinton is anti-TPP, so then they can be seen as "positive signage" no?

I mean, imagine if people kept anti-TPP signage at a Trump rally. Wouldn't that look *good* for Trump? So why does the DNC believe this makes Hillary look *bad*? Hmmm?
How dare you disagree what our go lotions appointed (not elected) leader says. You are no longer allowed to "participate" in our process. Thank you for supporting Hillary, you are sexist if you disagree. 
Trickle-down unity doesn't work.
The reason people are done with this party.
Any Sanders delegates who are left, your best option for tomorrow is probably to cheer until the end of Hillary's speech, then boo her off the stage.
OBEY
Great article about corporate interests at the DNC:[the DNC is one big bribe!](https://newrepublic.com/article/135564/dnc-one-big-corporate-bribe) 
"You agree with *both* of the people competing for our nomination?  How *dare* you?!?"
This right here is why I went from Sanders to Trump.

The TPP is the biggest issue we are facing as a nation. Period. It's terrifying to me.

I can't vote for the person who would push it through.
This must be the new strategy... get folks to re-focus their anger with the system on the DNC and not on Hillary.
You guys are still going to vote dem?

Why do we even vote anymore? 
Unity.

Once they evict or kick out all the Bernie supporters or people who aren't 100% lockstep with Hillary, there will be 100% unity!
I have so had it with this party! :(
Oh Hillary, you only said you were anti-TPP cause you wanted to be cool like Bernie.

How can anyone believe anything this woman says?
No dissent allowed beyond Hillary's Wall. Trump just has words. Hillary gets stuff done.
That tells you everything you need to know about Clinton's real positions regarding TPP.

Everyone knew that already, but it's still stunning to see such blatant lies...
______________

Fuck the queen!

- Sanders Clegane.
Democracy is dead
but Hillary is against the TPP too! /s
Basically, we have had three candidates, Bernie, Hillary and Trump. We are now cornered into supporting Hill, which I must admit, I now support. This is a known sales technique: Show the customer product, say cars-- or in this case a political candidate, until the customer shows interest in one. The next step in the sales technique is to show the customer two more choices based on what you've found out by talking to them. One of the two is one that they can't afford (this is Bernie who was criticized thusly), the other is one the customer really does not like at all (Trump). The uptake for the customer, who is tired out from looking, is that the one s/he expressed interest in is the correct choice (Hillary) who will support the TPP and other things not fully in the interest of the customer (voter).
One last day to this sub is killed and the whole movement is crushed under hillarys laugh
Unify - forcefully!
This is how you know your oppressors.

This is how you know who to work against.
Welcome to 2016 DNC!  You cant pull this shit and not have it get out!
The DNC and their bullshit is getting way out of hand it's ridiculous!
But she changed and the platform has Bernie's ideas!
Yup. It seems to be time to hit rock bottom like a drug addict. I will be voting for another party with no regrets at all.
I don't understand how a party can preach unity and then kick out or censor every person that disagrees with them. The hypocrisy is mind blowing. How about instead of trying to censor the people who are mad you actually try to listen to them. That's how you win people over. Not by taking away signs and pretending everything will go away. 
Not a very *progressive* policy to have at the national convention of the party pretending to be progressive.
America is broken. 
So much censorship. Why do we even still have a constitution? 
This is Hillary and Tim's way of letting everybody know they support TPP.
I thought that Hillary was anti-TPP?  No?
Isn't the rule "Don't bring your own signs", regardless of topic?
I probably differ from most people in this sub by thinking that this convention, at least on the surface, has been successful in unifying the party, especially with the great speakers its had so far. But what I don't get is why the DNC won't just leave Sanders people alone. There have been great chances to unify the party, especially with Michelle/Kaine/Obama's speeches, but each day is tainted by some sort of DNC move like this. 

Just leave the people alone, let them keep their signs and protest, and maybe some of the speeches will have an impact. Instead they're managing to push more people away. 
Freedom!
Welp! Looks like the only way to stop the TPP is to vote Trump. Im not saying "vote trump" because hes awful, but if you care about the TPP.. This is just a shitty situation for this country to be in. 
Well Kaine was pro-TPP just last week and he's a centrist so it pretty much hints that Hillary will follow Obama and be pro-TPP like she was before she copied Bernie. It was obvious she was just saying whatever it took to manipulate the left wing of the DNC. NAFTA and TPP are terrible for American workers. 
What authority do they do all this shit under? 
"The DNC has also informed Sanders delegates that they will have their credentials taken away for failing to acknowledge Queen Hilary as the best candidate, with absolutely no flaws whatsoever"
Didn't Sanders delegates walk out?  Clearly they don't want to be a part of the process anymore so...
This is what its all about. All the other issues are a distraction from what the Clintons really care about. CA$H
Get mad, then get even.

Bernie is kicking off new organizations to help us take a bunch of Congress.  That is about the only thing they will listen to.

We can win elections and when we do, corruption loses.  GAME ON!

https://np.reddit.com/r/WayOfTheBern/comments/4v1hw1/the_state_of_things_game_on/

I feel very strongly about this as opposed to vote them out.  Right now, we know one body of corruption infects both parties.  Voting Dems out, only to see Republicans take the seats won't do too much good.

The big money owns all the seats.

When we do it, they lose one and we gain real power and leverage.

My .02 on it.


Don't be coming up in our house and expect free speech and democracy.
Nader was right.  Bernie set Hillary up -- for political betrayal.

We are seeing her for the LIAR that she is right now.
Sure but then they could use anything as an excuse to boot people from the convention, it's baseless to say this just because it demonizes Clinton
Are they letting people get away with other signs?  No signs inside the convention seems like a pretty standard rule. 
This place has just become a bastion for upset Bernie fans to mingle with Trump supporters to bash Hillary Clinton. Just sad that the "progressives" have gotten to this point.
But Hillary is anti-TPP.  Will they do the same to Hillary delegates?
Yup, this SCREAMS free speech and democracy
It's all about unity, right?
I guess this means Hillary will "win" the "contest" and the first order of business is implementing the TPP. Apparently that is what the masters want.
So what you're saying is, you don't want democracy, you know, where people have different views?  Ya know, North Korea is a democracy too.  
But I thought that Kim Jong Killary was opposed to the TTP?? 
You want a riot? That's how you get a riot.
Someone make a "freedom of speech" sign in the Berie colors, and wait for the hencemen to come for the credentials. Keep track of who is kicked out, at any point in time.
The Democrats just lost a generation of voters. 
These aren't delegates - they are play actors in a reality TV show. 
The rule has always been no outside signs allowed though.
It's like the DNC wants to lose. 
Criticize the Republicans for their policies all ya want but atleast they gave the opposition in the form of Cruz the floor for a short time and didnt use horrible tactics to quell dissent 
Dump the DNC. They don't represent any of you or me.
The purge begins.
Youre not allowed to bring signs to the convention. Why is this so hard for yall to understand?
You are literally upvoting the twitter account of a terrorist supporter. Well done Sanders supporters, this is a new low.
Good. 
doesn't this violate the first amendment..? sooo done with the dnc
Well a majority of people in the convention hall are wearing or holding anti-TPP signs/buttons and actually changed during the Presidents speech so we can assume that this statement is ridiculously false 
What in the name of fuck? Ok I'm starting to actually believe that Hillary is maybe a plant for trump. She has broken an all time record in incompetence.
Everybody keeps telling me that trump is worse than the dnc and Hillary.
I'm beginning to question that. 
How is this sub still a thing? 
Take them away it's the last day anyway
Good! Can we not be a shit show like the Republicans? If it helps think of this election as "neo-fascist" vs "not a fascist." At some point we need to realize this is all a side show, we're liberals and we want our liberal ideas to win, end of story. Bernie practically wrote the platform, let's win and make that stuff all a reality.
I saw plenty last night so is she talking about tonight? We shall see if this is true most of the articles posted here have been unreliable to fit the negative narrative people breathe for lol 
There should have been blood in the streets, city of Philadelphia.

I'm sure I'm already on that list, but fuck it.
And Bernie supports this stuff by supporting the DNC.

I can tell you at my house we are really disappointed with his actions and weak reactions. The guy didn't stand up for his supporters or even himself.
[deleted]
The party is split on TPP, she is trying not to alienate anyone. 
Found on FB Bernie Activists (not mine to confirm):
>The movement needs EVERYONE at the plaza at 1401 JFK BLVD today at 3pm and Nina Turner will speak at 4pm. Media will be there and we need to show the numbers. 

Please share everywhere!!!

#Philly
#Demexit
#NinaTurner
I have a feeling this guy is going to get stopped on his way in and have his credentials revoked for speaking up.
"#SeatFillerSitIn"
Great idea! Spreading the message right now.
The media tent was evacuated.  They can't find each other.

**PLEASE HELP**

https://www.facebook.com/jeff.day.359/videos/836723683125267/
No. You MUST be VOCAL. Remain calm until the beast enters.
Only 250 upvotes at 90 percent? You people are defeated. You have been walked all over by Hillary. She is planting flags (non American flags, but still flags) in your corpses and what do you do? Talk about voting green?

How about having some spine and sense of patriotism and electing someone who will throw Hillary and every fucking one of her crooked cronies in jail? 

That is my revolution. I want to see her hanged. I want to see her walked out of the courthouse in police custody on her way to prison. That is all I have left in his battle. 

I have never felt so betrayed. Trump is our only hope. No one else will change anything. 
[...thereby causing the Queen to lose her temper.](https://youtu.be/vO_tJVvS_Z4)
Flag was, like 3 seconds too late. 
Its a sign!
can you get a gif of that guy bitting the balloons. 
>**Speaking to reporters this week in Philadelphia, Sanders confirmed that he had no intention using his email list to fundraise for Clinton though he has formally endorsed her, but will be actively raising money for other progressives his team identifies.**
Not sure if Trump is stealing anything, its more like her giving him voters.

Apparently she dont want the progressive votes.
Stealing? Or delivering in a gift wrapped package + bow?
[deleted]
No she doesnt. She needs to stay the fuck down.
Let her sleep.
There is only one person running who actually steals votes and it isn't Trump
Trump is earning them. He's not stealing them. Hillary hasn't done shit to earn anything in her entire life. She expects the presidency to be the same way. She sure as hell hasn't done anything to earn the votes of any disenfranchised Bernie voters.
Is anyone else bothered by her giant smirking head looming over the preceding like a dictator?  1984 is calling.
It's funny how blind people opening their eyes to world they live in somehow equals out to Trump "stealing". 

Why is a person ceasing to be a naive child a bad thing? 
Her continued smugness suggests that she knows she has this in the bag because it's all been rigged.
Au contraire, don't wake her up and let her stay asleep basking in the reassuring chorus of MSM droids.

It's a good article by writer/historian Thomas Frank.,  He's written books on the history of the Republican and Democratic parties and and he knows his stuff.
>Trump is not going to receive my vote, of course. His bigotry, his racist statements about Mexicans

Aaaand he's just another MSM liberal drone. This guy calls himself an "expert" on anything? Laughable.
[removed]
No one finds it fucked up that Hillary isn't even at the convention and is basically skyping in? 

It reminds me of the dictator from V for Vendetta.
Bullshit. Trump ain't stealin any liberal votes. If they're voting for Trump, they were not a liberal to begin with.
Any "progressive" who votes Trump is not a progressive.
Trump Tales : 

- "If Ivanka werent my daughter, perhaps I'd be dating her"

* Trump : I know more about ISIS than the generals do. Believe me.

* Trump : I consult myself on foreign policy, because I have a very good brain

* Trump : "Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q. is one of the highest -and you all know it! Please don't feel so stupid or insecure,it's not your fault"

* Trump : "An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama's birth certificate is a fraud."    

* Trump on torture: Even if it doesnt work they probably deserved it anyway.

* Trump : Dont tell me it doesnt work  torture works Waterboarding is fine, - but its not nearly tough enough, ok?

- Wants to ban abortion and punish people who get abortions. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h1Jpoecf0xY

- Trump retweeted this : If Hillary Clinton cant satisfy her husband what makes her think she can satisfy America

- Trump : There can be no discrimination against gays. Im against gay marriage.

* Trumps says we should seize Iraq oil fields as reimbursement for money we spent there

- Donald Trump's "trade wars" would lose around 4 million jobs, and another 3 million jobs would not be created that otherwise would have been, had the country not fallen into a trade-induced downturn

- [Of Trump's tax plan] The plan would reduce federal revenues by $9.5 trillion over its first decade --Tax Policy Center

- [Of Trump's tax plan] Unless it is accompanied by very large spending cuts, it could increase the national debt by nearly 80 percent of gross domestic product by 2036. --Tax Policy Center

* Trump : Hes [John McCain] not a war hero, said Trump. He was a war hero because he was captured. I like people who werent captured.

* Trump : The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.

* Trump : "Lethal injection is too comfortable"
Found on Bernie Activists FB group:

>The movement needs EVERYONE at the plaza at 1401 JFK BLVD today at 3pm and Nina Turner will speak at 4pm. Media will be there and we need to show the numbers.

Can anyone confirm it?
Jesus, how much bullshit do Bernie supporters have to take? One speech from O and were all supposed to fall in line? That speech was his same crap from 08, and again from 2012 with the name changed. Bernie supporters should vote Green, just to demonstrate how large the block is, and to give notice.
https://twitter.com/Griefage/status/758550963514961920

Here is another example where the person admits to being a seat filler.
Democracy in action, Clinton style. Welcome to North Korea (without shooting the protesters though).
The guy who made that video is organizing a silent sit-in so the seat fillers can't take their spots. See here: https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4v0lu1/jeff_day_organising_sitin_for_delegates_at_dnc/
How about trying to earn unity instead of faking it.
Who is this guy? Can't find his name anywhere. We need to confirm he's a legit delegate.

(Not because I doubt the situation, but I want to give hard facts to my pro-Hillary friends who think it's all rosie in there)

edit: Finally found him on Facebook: Jeff Day, Delaware delegate for Bernie
Let's put it this way.... Those delegates went somewhere & they are currently not allowing Bernie people to sit in their seats.... So who the fuck are these new people in the seats!?
Need to spell delegate correctly.  
/#AcademyAwardFraud
This needs to hit the front page
I wish he would show the seats.
The seat fillers are real.  I am hoping some of them are actually Bernie supporters and are planning sabotage.
If you wanted to keep your seat, you shouldn't have walked out. 
I have no problem with the DNC allowing others to witness history because some butthurt crybabies abandoned their seats.
There is no evidence this guy is actually a delegate, and their are plenty of republican operatives there. I am watching the delegates i sent there and I am getting none of that.
What is the best outcome we are looking for? I want jail time.
http://thehill.com/policy/cybersecurity/289831-clinton-campaign-hacked-in-broad-attack-on-dems-report
Ha wish I was paid to talk politics. 

http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/289797-green-party-candidate-people-have-real-questions-about-vaccines
With all that has been going on I will not vote for Clinton. Guess I'll have to look for third party options.
I fear now that the rhetoric of the convention will start to take hold.  I just had a cold reminder of the collusion that went on at the DNC and the way Hillary created the ministry of truth in the form of CTR. So now all I can imagine from that party is a boot stamping on a human face forever. 
[removed]
This will probably be buried, but I'm wondering if there should be a coordinated boycott of MSNBC and/or CNN and their advertisers for their role in the campaign slant towards Hillary. 

Seems like they are getting off scott free. 

That bothers me the most about this election cycle- the blatant media bias. I knew they all have their bias, but to influence and coordinate with a campaign went beyond what I had imagined.

Edit- Also disagree with breaking this sub up. It feels like an attempt to divide and conquer. Change the name or something...
At this point I am completely uninterested in this election cycle.

What I mostly hear from both sides is **"You know how bad the other candidate is... so if you don't vote for my candidate, then you are personally responsible for what happens if the other one wins"**... unfortunately, when I suggest their reasoning means they are personally responsible for any potential chaos their favored candidate brigs while in office, they don't seem to take it very well :(

Most people take it personal when you provide them with evidence their candidate/party of choice is not as perfect as they think.

In a radicalized political scenario, people that are able to look at scales of grey and not think in terms of "black and white" are not welcome. Thus, we set a really low standard for our politicians and allow them to continuously lower the bar as long as it seems to be slightly above the bar for the other candidate. Politicians are then able to get away with everything they do and people will still follow them because "the other candidate is worse"... and we continue the downward spiral.
I'll remember this sub.  I'll remember Mr. Sanders delegates booing Jerry Emmett of Arizona.  Jerry Emmett is 102, born before women had the right to vote in the United States.  She lived long enough to be the person who announced the Sec. Clinton votes from Arizona during roll call.  She was nearly drowned out by Mr. Sanders delegates.  Yes, I'll remember you but it won't be fondly.
Wait this sub is closing down? What about when he runs again in 4 years?
[removed]
The funniest part about this whole primary process and convention is that if Edinaya Rossiya (Putin's party) had exhibited similar actions and behavior the reactions would have been hilariously opposite of what we've been seeing. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOMXK7HJwoU 

This sums it up. 

Sad to see this sub go! Good luck everyone!
Rip the sub. This election will be my first, and I'm glad I started it with enthusiasm as a Bernie supporter in the beginning. Now, I am going to vote against Trump this November.
Long time lurker. Might have been too old to really "feel the Bern", but I loved the enthusiasm you brought to politics. I'm sad the sub is closing. As an old bastard, let me just say "keep fighting". 
BTW for those discouraged from the oft-trumpeted figure of 80%-90% Sanders supporters, flocking to Clinton, don't be.

That's in two-way polling anyhow, and those are outliers. In four-way polling, it's lower. See this article (from the anti-Sanders Enten). Makes a 15 point difference:

http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/sanderss-endorsement-may-help-among-his-most-anti-clinton-supporters/

On top of that, two other polls, The Economist/YouGov (page 17 of this https://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/9wcaasd82w/econTabReport.pdf), and Reuters/Ipsos (http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-election-idUSKCN0ZS0YB), have that figure at 40% and 54% respectively.

This isn't a movement that has come and gone. The Sanders coalition is still holding out. They are a very principled bunch.
I personally believe the best instinct we have as humans is that rotten churning feeling in the pit of our stomach. It's not sour grapes or hard feelings. That's something quite different. 


The feeling I'm describing simply screams silently. "Something is terribly wrong" and before you can stop it, the words are on your lips in defiance of all science and evidence. 


"I wish..."


If you feel that way never forget it, let it become your conscience. Do the right thing. And never let go of the things you know are noble and kind. 


They can't win em all... that's why they're still trolling you after "They've won"


Goodnight/Goodmorning S4P 


I wish Bernie had won. There's no shame in saying it as often and as loudly as you feel. 


Your hope doesn't belong to anyone else. 


Cheers. 





Thinking ahead a few months, in case I have to Plan B, can anyone tell me if adding mustard, ketchup, pickles and onions to my Clinton crap-burger will make it go down any easier?
Hillary Clintons speech was an insulting collection of clichs and recycled rhetoric. She spent the evening talking down to the American people shes looked down on her whole life.

Hillary Clinton talks about unity, about E Pluribus Unum, but her globalist agenda denies American citizens the protections to which they are all entitled  tearing us apart. Her radical amnesty plan will take jobs, resources and benefits from the most vulnerable citizens of the United States and give them to the citizens of other countries. Her refusal to even say the words Radical Islam, or to mention her disaster in Libya, or her corrupt email scheme, all show how little she cares about the safety of the American people.

Its a speech delivered from a fantasy universe, not the reality we live in today.

Hillary Clinton says America is stronger together. But in Hillary Clintons America, millions of people are left out in the cold. She only stands together with the donors and special interests whove bankrolled her entire life. Excluded from Hillary Clintons America are the suffering people living in our inner cities, or the victims of open borders and drug cartels, or the people whove lost their jobs because of the Clintons trade deals, or any hardworking person who doesnt have enough money to get a seat at Hillary Clintons table.
Thanks everyone. I just want you guys to know that Bernie finally got me to apply for citizenship for 15 years (I am a legal resident with a green card). I did not really think that the American dream is still alive anymore until Senator Sanders sparked some hope. I applied for my naturalization as soon as I researched about Sanders. It took a while but I finally got my citizenship the other day. I also registered to vote the following day. Good luck and as one of our freedom and duty as an American is to vote and get involve in political process and to defend the law of the land which is the Constitution. Excercise your right to vote!
I wish the affluent would realize that a society based around fostering the human condition would best serve their interests, but I suppose we must appear as alien and existentially terrifying to them as they can to us. I feel a world of equals is terrifying to many of them. Even though if it is built to serve the human condition we all rise. I guess we just have to stop wearing the  faked smiles for them all at once and let them see the emotions and ideas we really wear. 
Hey can I ask you guys... what did you think or Hillarys speech? I thought it was good, and I hate that. I know who she is and what she does, but a speech as effective as that will make headlines in social media causing people to fall for it.

Someone help me out here. How was it received?
Goodbye everyone. I lurked for so long but I want to say I am glad Bernie brought about an honest face in politics. One of the rare few who seemed genuine and didn't want to enrich himself.
http://m.imgur.com/A73nanS

I went and got myself banned
I haven't posted here much, but I wanted to at least make this post to say good bye and thank you. 

I first heard about Bernie last June through Reddit and made my first donation a few weeks later. If it wasn't for S4P I don't think I ever would have gotten so politically involved as I have this primary season. This was my first time phone banking for anything, ever, first time going to a political rally, and I never would have done it without the amazing activism organized and pushed by this subreddit. It truly was an incredible ride. The experience of being here during the frenzy of those first few primary states was something else. What this subreddit has achieved has been remarkable. It's truly been a life changing thing to be a part of this movement. 

So thank you to those who made this all possible. Especially in those early days of the campaign. You made a difference. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Vn_TmRr3cE
prank call/ crazy caller on c-span, talked about hillary's "milky white suit" and the "BLOOD ON HER HANDS" 
Just a few things I think we should get ready for, given some takeaways from the DNC.

Remember that by next election a CTR propaganda organization will be standard for every campaign.  Their operations will have expanded and have recruited AI troll/chatbots which can pass as humans and overwhelm every single community.  This will totally drown out opposition(like the DNCs white noise machines)

There will be an expansion of the paid political actors/protesters as long as it does not backfire before November.  Political stingrays will be deployed.  Spies and controlled opposition agents will be further expanded to subvert grassroots groups and organizations.  Astroturfing will become a highly sought after art.

Rigging primary elections from within the party will also become the normalized way you win a primary(if we even need them anymore with such corruption in the open).  Because of this there will almost never be a primary that is challenged again.  Why would you challenge when you know the fix is in for whoever plans out the power/money play the best.

The media and politicians will collude even more from now on as they will have no consequences for their conspiracy against Sanders.  The propaganda operations are so out in the open and if we do not tear them down now, we will normalize to them like we did to the patriot act and the TSA.

We will also witness the centrification of all things.  The Dem party will tack hard to the right and through triangulation sell off all of the treasure progressives would die to protect(This includes net neutrality).  

This will all be the background to a global war on terror that could expand home, America will sacrifice privacy for security and become a corporate police state, and the cold wars with Russia and China will come out into the open and possibly expand from proxy wars.  Just a guess given the ease at which the DNC is willing to throw Russia under the bus to cover their rigging in the past few days.

The political revolution will witness fascism come to America no matter what now.  Through either Corporate Authoritarian Fascism or Corporate Oligarchic Fascism.  

Its time we got ready.   

[The Danger of American Fascism - Henry A. Wallace](http://newdeal.feri.org/wallace/haw23.htm)



Thank you Bernie for at least trying to stop it.  Now its up to us.
It was nice fighting the good fight with you all :'(
I disagree with the decision to close the sub, but it seems it was already decided. Tons of followers, and I get the 'be positive' angle, but keeping it open allows for more organic growth for followers to move to PR or other successor subs, and allows for a two-front fight (in terms of affecting change and not being afraid to criticize the problem and those that embody it). For Bernie's issues, and against neoliberalism, and whatever Trump represents.  
  
Thank you to the mods for keeping this place together, and special thank you to those who are still opposed to Clinton and what she stands for.
Goodbye all Bernie supporters.. see you guys later, sucks this subject is closing. It was a fun primary season despite the rigging. Bernie forever changed my outlook and got me into politics, a once in a lifetime candidate. I hope we have another genuine candidate in the near future.
[removed]
If someone wanted to make a sub to discuss cspan events, I would join.
Today was my first time posting to this sub. I have a strong progressive streak. I would have been proud to elect Bernie for President. He's no doubt more principled than Hillary. But I fear the growing lack of compromise in our political system. I hope that future progressives understand the need for compromise. America is for everyone, not just the progressives or conservatives or neoliberals or whatever.

Hillary is not a perfect candidate, far from it. She has too much baggage and hate attached to her. We should have gotten a nominee people could trust. We're stuck now. I feel stuck. I'm honestly scared of Trump as someone vested in the current system. I hope that future elections allow people like me to vote for anyone.

I think most voting for Hillary are like me. We're not blind or dumb. We see her many faults. Could I be voting for someone who rigged an election? Perhaps. But I need stability in my life.  
[deleted]
It's been fun everyone. Thank you and I hope to see you all very soon.
#the struggle continues.
Is our revolution.com just a donation site? I thought it might outline where we're supposed to go from here, but can't get past the donation page. 
"In the future we might see Chelesa become President - very poised." 

Oligarchy, yo! 
I don't believe this woman on C-SPAN was ever a Bernie delegate.

*Edit: Neither does the woman on her right.
The balloons popping sound like bombs and gun shots. 

These people are so calm being interviewed in a war zone. 
this sub is closing entirely off the fact that some mods think it's a good idea, I for one am sick of censorship and mod power tripping on reddit, so I made this https://www.reddit.com/r/FreePolDiscussion

please consider participating if you can't stand censorship killing good discussions
Everyone message the Reddit admins. Who knows if will do any good, but I will do anything to try and stop this subreddit from being closed down.
I can't believe this sub is closing. I use Reddit only for this sub. I'm going to be so lost.
Dang, I've gotta watch more C-SPAN. I guess with Bernie going back to the Senate, I'll have an excuse to start tuning in here and there.
That guy on [C-SPAN] (https://www.c-span.org/video/?413170-1/democratic-national-convention-review&live) drove a VW Microbus at one time in his life.
Still watching C-SPAN waiting for someone to call in claiming Hillary or Trump to be the Antichrist.

https://www.c-span.org/video/?413170-1/democratic-national-convention-review&live
It's been real guys, we've been together through the ups and downs. I will truly miss this subreddit and the movement it was a part of. 
FWIW  
As a gen-xer I'm really happy you young people have been inspired by Bernie.   The future looks a little brighter :)
Thank you to everyone in this sub for giving this 18 year old hope for the future. It won't be this election, but Bernie's revolution will outlive the legacy of the Clintons and one day we will win
>"We must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist."

-Dwight D. Eisenhower

Funny how Hillary quoted FDR on fear then proceeded to use fear to promote unity.
Every time a "Bernie" chant comes up it is quickly replaced with a "Hillary" chant.
Definitely Bernie chants going on - aka about 3 seconds before each Hillary chant.
She's getting pissed. Good shit delegates.
No more war. No more war.
Props to whoever came up with the shirts. You can't miss them. 
Nothing says dignity and grace like Katty Perry's *Firework*
Loved being a part of this sub, thanks guys
LOL someone just called into the c-span after show thing and said something like, "even though she came out in a white suit she was still able to hide the blood on her hands!" and then they cut him off 
A reminder to sort by new.
Ya know, if I trusted her to actually do these things she would get my vote. I don't trust her at all though.
did anyone else just hear that "you crook" voice
When they keep breaking into the "Hillary" chants, we know it's not passion, they're trying to cover up protest chants.
Poor Hillary, having to speak after all of the best speakers of the Democratic Party. Bernie, Michelle, Barack... It's like after the Rolling Stones and The Beatles openers, the headliner: Nickleback!!
Bernie's face pretty much said, "yeah, fuck this." Same smirk the guy who hates his job at the copy machine in the office makes at me every day.
My god the chanting sound like a Wheel of Fortune audience. 
Yeah, this is 100% staged.

He's beating you in the polls. What does that say about you?
Hail Hydra
Please read this:

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CogMCUEVYAE5dHH.jpg

and tell me this sub needs to be closed :\

https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4v4oat/hypocrisy_of_closing_this_sub_when_bernies/
Well, nice working with yall. Good luck with whatever you do.
Will miss this subreddit :/ was a fun ride.
It's been an honour.
I almost want to cry, but I suspect it's not for the same reasons most of the people on my FB have... :( 
I've never listened to the C Span calls before. They are wild! 
[Some California delegates change their "Hillary" signs to "Liar"](https://twitter.com/ABCPolitics/status/758823812808835074)
[What you didn't see on CNN: Election Fraud Banner unfurled above Joe Biden at DNC! The mainstream media isn't covering the DNC protesters.](https://i.redd.it/005xicz391cx.png)

http://imgur.com/a/32mhW
Are the random Hillary chants just to overwhelm boos?
It's like she's campaigning against herself right now.
KEEP FORCING THEM TO CHANT HILLARY. It disrupts the speech and looks messed up on tv.
**THIS is how we win #OurRevolution! When we realize the power in our phones to stop or expose all acts of tyranny, we'll become the media: "Always have a fully charged camera. Video, always!"**

---

[Sharing behind the scenes](https://www.facebook.com/nskim/posts/10207963450497462): 

> Security trying to remove our bernie CA whip, melissa.........and DEMOCRACY STOPPED THEM IN THEIR TRACKS......I LOVE MY NNU NURSES...THEY NEVER SOLD OUT TO THE ESTABLISHMENT.....

> YOU GUYS.......THE WHOLE STADIUM LOOKED AT US...IN THE MIDDLE OF A SPEECHHHHHHHH

> THE ESTABLISHMENT IS NOW AFRAIIIIIDDDD

> THEY CAN'T STOP USSSSSSSS

> THANK GOD FOR PHONES, DATA, CHARGERS AND VIDEO!!!!

**Note:** Originally a [self-post](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4v36q9/this_is_how_we_win_ourrevolution_when_we_realize), deleted by mod because it "belonged" here. (Now let's see how many people actually see this buried beneath hundreds of posts.)
A section of Hillary's speech will most likely be dedicated to her [position on 9/11](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uH2PyZAx-0).
This is hilarious. The Hillary chants are now just happening every few seconds. She's definitely starting to get frustrated by it.
A member of the California delegation speaks about the treatment of her fellow delegates by security personnel at the convention: https://www.facebook.com/ElectionJusticeUSA/videos/925699264223434/
You will fear us!!!
haha! chanting Hillary to mask protesters
"Look what happened in Honduras, after I supported a coup against their democratically elected President"
Election fraud is still the most important issue that needs to be addressed in America.  I wish we did not delete posts for the past year that were about that subject.  I hope we all learned our lesson about moderation and about priorities.
Whoops. Guess he forgot about the iron-y fence they put up outside.
Who thought it was a good idea to make every speech for four days Hillary vs trump? How boring and uninformative. 
[deleted]
When is everyone going to start shitting their pants in protest? Do we have an official time?
haha some guy shouting "encore" 
Then stop trying to scare us into voting for you
Why are we learning her life story, when they just showed us a video?
9/11 was bad
9/11!
Protests happening at the convention https://twitter.com/Timcast/status/758853656124854272
https://twitter.com/joshfoxfilm/status/758856603865010180
Money out of Politics.. ya that's what you want.
Talking about 'unfair trade deals' without naming TPP... Telling
"Follow the money." 

LOL

Queue the fake "Hillary' chants.
We follow the money ... back to you ...
if we followed the money she wold be BIG trouble
So many lies and then Lets go to war!
When she said "disposable" I think it illustrates her inability to speak forcefully. She puts a weird emphasis on the word like it's the high point of the sentence rather than its harsh conclusion.
Hillary is offering empty promises
[deleted]
Quick, cover it up with Firework! 
Queue Katy Perry to pander to young people! She's so hip!
WHO HAS THE BILL & BALLOONS GIF???
Message brought to you by CTR
90% of the DNC has been about how terrible Trump is. If they think he's so terrible, then why did they rig the nomination in favor of the candidate that would be much weaker against him? If Trump wins, they have no one to blame but themselves.
"I'm a woman...vote for me...make history..."

Yeah...I will be voting for a woman, just not you.
"Universal Healthcare will never ever happen" - HRC
Just a daydream... but I know bernie sanders convention would not be a 4 day shove bernie down your throat fest...it would totally be about the people and the issues. And that makes me sad.
Here comes a story about her fighting in the civil war 
This speech falls right in line with the long list of Clinton poll-tested speeches. She lacks heart. She lacks conviction (because she's owned), and her words (especially when she raises her voice) feel empty and void of substance. Just the same exceptionalist neoliberal bullshit.
Yeah let's follow the money you got from your Goldman-Sachs right through your speech transcripts.
The chanting is starting to throw her off. It's so random.
Hawkish yet again. Conservative to the core.
"Oregon delegation attempting to walk out during Hillary speech but being stopped by SS":

https://twitter.com/GregoryMcKelvey/status/758859436588867584
"America is good" - HRC, 2016
"Donald trump offering empty promises" - bold from you Hillary. 
You know, the other thing.

There is no joy in her campaign.  Never has been.

That's why she'll lose.
shouts out to the guy biting the balloons. Realest things done this convention. 
Maybe my last post here. Nice talking to all you folks. 
A little humor...  
  
Grand Moff DWS: The Electorate will no longer be of any concern to us.  
I have just received word that Hillary has dissolved the DNC Platform  
permanently. The last remnants of the Progressives have been swept away.  
  
General Luis Miranda: That's impossible! How will Hillary maintain control  
without all the promises?  
  
Grand Moff DWS: The State Party Chairs now have direct control over their  
territories. Fear will keep the state parties in line. Fear of Donald Trump.
https://vid.me/4tYB

Umm... Guys...
Hillary is so fucking boring and uninspiring. She is a terrible speaker.
LOL a commander in chief not a divider in chief, in the meantime they try to keep half of the delegates outside and install white noise machines to silence them.
Chelsea's husband, [Marc Mezvinsky](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marc_Mezvinsky), is an American former investment banker, and [his father used a wide variety of 419 scams, [he] conned using "just about every different kind of African-based scam weve ever seen."](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edward_Mezvinsky#Criminal_activities).

I should be surprised, but I'm not.
That chant started as "Bernie" and got drowned out with "Hillary".
You can't even hear the chants because the zombie's are trying to block any honesty out:

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Cof199tUAAQGyiX.jpg
"If necessary" she'll overturn Citizens United? 
You can't handle a press conference!
Yea, Hillary, all we asked you to do is release your transcripts and you acted like a coward.
This community has brought people together in a way that I have not seen before. We will reassemble, we will continue the fight. We have no choice.
ENCORE
bernie's thug life look!
[deleted]
LOL but you ARE wall street
This can't be the future.
Who in the fuck is buying Trump picture frames?
the real question is why are people posting the snek emoji on Taylor Swift's social media and not hers?
Platitudes!  Platitudes for everyone!
did she just plug Hamilton?
Imwithanyonethatcanbeather
/r/StillSandersForPres
Welp good to know you guys. 

Bernie had a good run. 

Hillary had a rigged run.

 
No really, this is legitimately terrifying. What the hell, America?
California delegates not able to be seated and white noise machines. Please share the video. https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10153603623782077&id=545697076
"I'm voting for the progressive who will protect our planet..." then why does Hillary support fracking? 
Lol Bernie's not even trying to look amused.
she has what it takes to steal an election
Is it just me, or does every "supporter" in the crowd look so confused when the camera pans to them? Like, "how the fuck did I get here? Who the fuck is this woman? What the fuck is going on here?
She just backed down on her stance on citizens united. Now it's "if necessary" she'll do something about it.
Omg follow the money?!
Hillary Clinton : We are going to follow the money !    
FBI: So are we !
aaaaand here comes the war hawk
The chant started as no more war when she said she'll support Isreal
Why do they keep showing such unenthusiastic people in the crowd? There are thousands of people in there, they can't find a few excited folks?
Lol who predicted the Hamilton quote. She's shameless
New chapter, Green chapter
Trump vs Clinton, is this the best this country has?  
I'm going to get drunk tonight
The walkout was prevented by Secret Service.
As a woman, I'm offended she IS actually using the woman card.
Random Hillary chants you know what that means ;)
"When my mom was away for work...which thankfully didn't happen often."

Is this supposed to win over working class votes?
She wants to fight for the little people SO bad, she rigged an entire election.
Shit, he looks pissed

Josh Fox: Everytime you hear a weirdly mistimed chant of "Hillary" it is because they are drowning out a protest chant. "No more wars" or "wikileaks"
Feels like we are all on the titanic and we're the violinists waiting to crash into the water to sink and die...its been in honor you guys.
Bernie's face is very telling
[deleted]
The lady that took $225k per speech from Wall Street that wouldn't release her transcripts just said that Wall Street is finally going to pay their fair share of taxes. Think about that.
California delegates seats have reserved signs on them, not for the delegates though. White noise speakers set up around the arena..
If you guys think the UK might offer a more neutral stance, BBC Newsnight is currently framing US politics as "hope [HRC] vs fear [Trump]". They literally just opened with, "One side talking hope... the other talking fear".
Republicans For Hillary.
Dear God what has my life become why am I watching this?
Aaaaaaandd then she voted for the Iraq War.
it takes a village to steal an election 
"Our democracy isn't working the way it should"? Is she turning a leaf  or is this satire?
Join the Empire!
war hawk war hawk war hawk
but you're in the pocket of the private prisons....
Wait, stand up to bullies? Regardless of how powerful your foe? Is she campaigning for Sanders?
Wow there are huge dead sections in the crowd.
Man, I'm going to miss this community so much. 
I've lurked here for a long time.  I'm sad it's no longer going to be here.  
Anyone have a good Periscope stream? 
Oh, hell yes! Old, funky beat for the right demographic! Just some fake sorta blues just like the party!
And thanks for the tweets on the screen!


...I've become really pessimistic and cynical...I'm sorry guys...just let me have my last day...
Have I just entered an alternate universe?
This Charles Krauthammer wannabe just literaly said"Fear is very powerful, it can even get you into power, but it's never created a job.."

Are they trolling us?
Glad to hear someone speak in defense of Palestinians.
If you don't know those people in the matching yellowish green shirts = Bernie supporters.
The cool kids watch [C-SPAN](https://www.c-span.org/video/?412848-1/day-four-democratic-national-convention&live).
no way the card thing works

Is this the last day of this sub being open?
[deleted]
It's passed down... rather like a monarchy.
She must be getting paid a shit load of money for this speech 
Tim Kaine looks like a mouse
Bernie is on protest right now.
A platform that would be discarded as soon as she stepped into the white house.
Bernie looks so happy. 
"Walk the Walk" sign held be Bernie delegate.
>Walk the Walk 

Great sign!
NO MORE WAR CHANTS, overrun with hillary chants
Obama is so much better of a speaker then her it's not even close
That chant...didn't know Hillary had two syllables.
LET THE GAMES BEGIN
How can she get away with getting the nomination after not talking to the press for 235 days. Say what you will about Trump but he fielded an unfiltered Q&A for an hour from a hostile media. This should be a standard for all politicians.
How are the protests outside looking?
Creatures within the Veil of Shadows, lift Hillary from this stage (preferably by the face) and feast
Michelle really gave a much better speech than this. 
Worried so much about Flint that you stuck around there on your campaign trail right
Great, now she's bragging about the time she failed to get universal healthcare that she now declares will "never ever happen."
Get ready!! Remember the walkout is at 11:00pm!
Someone else linked it but here is the video of protestors inside: https://twitter.com/Timcast/status/758853656124854272/video/1
But not until I'm president...
"Liberate millions already burdened by student debt....through refinancing." Banks will love that.
She is the least inspiring speaker on planet earth.
WTF! top 1% 
This is parody, right? I can't even believe it.
More fear mongering. My favorite!
MUH RED SCARE!
Neither can you, Hillary.  As evidenced by rigging the whole thing from the inside!
https://twitter.com/mattyglesias/status/758858618779217921
While you're in the pocket of everyone else
What a bunch of BS? Agenda? lol yea yea yea
Why is she yelling at me!!! 
Lol grandma Hillary telling stories again. 
Bill loves playing with balloons 
[deleted]
The empty pantsuit will rest now, exhausted from it's labours.
Anyone listening to the calls on CSPAN?
Hillary literally just said "our democracy isn't working the way it should" as if she's not the one who just got caught rigging an election
"Every kid with a disability has the right to go to school."

What the fuck? They already do that.
Please continue the disruption. Please.
Put your lip stick on? Polish your shoes? Dafuq?
More evidence of the Dems' plan...get the progressives out of the way on Monday, then court Republicans for the rest of the week. If they want to do that, I guess it's a strategy, but then they can't keep bitching at me for supporting Stein.
"No more war" getting drowned out by "USA" chants. Poetic.
Why so much USA chanting going on?
HAHAHA HA hear that guys? Our disenfranchised voices are just as powerful as those billionaire guys.
Public service means serving the people. HRC serves Wall Street.  
"progressive" LMAO
Chelsea lives in a 10,500,000 condo in Manhattan.
I'm just so disappointed.  This is the first woman presidential nominee.  This is what we get?? Her!?  Fuck...
Bernie is pissed right now. So great that the camera stayed on him for so long! 
This speech has lost my interest.
"I'm my mother's daughter." - Hillary Clinton
"IF NECESSARY"

I thought she said she'd do it last week, now back to IF NECESSARY?
To bad i can't believe a word out of your mouth.
Join us!!! I am your destiny!!!! *laughs evily*
Are the Bernie chants being drowned out by Hillary chants? Or are they just Hillary chants?
War against Russia, 2017... .wooooooohooooooo
I'm disgusted. It's easy to insult Trump. It's easy to talk to a crowd of supporters because you kicked out the opposition. It's easy to steal lines from Bernie...
Hey look it's the song that Kim Jong In likes, they have so much in common
LMAO, "Are you ready to win?" "NO!!!"
shoutout to the person who managed to sneak in the no TPP sign
https://medium.com/@philagainstwar/run-bernie-run-956b65d4048c
Former staffers write Bernie an open letter begging him to run as an independent
What the hell am I even watching right now? Why am I watching two women talking about social media?

Switched from Twitch to YT and they are def not showing the same thing. WTF
She needed to give an incredible speech tonight, the speech of her life..... And this is what they came up with?!?!?!
Chant of "No More War"

Hillary people try to cover it up with "U S A"
"Hillary has been training for this moment for decade... as commander in chief.. she will defeat ISIS.. when Hillary's moment comes.. ready to serve.. ready to lead.. and ready to defend those that defend you. "-Florent Groberg

I just fucking cant.....congratulations America...more war is on the way if she is elected... ( 
Trump can't handle the rumble tumble of a campaign!?!?

And you fucking can??!!  you laugh off questions. You cough at them when you don't want to answer.  You got frustrated at Bernie Sanders during a debate!! Bernie Sanders, you fuck!! I can't wait until you face Trump at the debates.  You won't know what hit you!!
You know, the Clinton people are really banging the rally drum on here hard these days. Trying to drum up support for their lousy candidate in any way except for to acknowledge the truth of her duplicity and the dirty pool tactics of the DNC.

They talk to people on these threads like we're pets that have wandered too far from the yard.

But I think I know what the problem here really is. 

These people still think that Sanders supporters are Democrats until death do us part. 

Edit: Syntax
God, these fucking lip smacks. 
The wife of a hedge fund manager preaching to us about why her rich AF mom is going to fight for the little guy lol
As a trump supporter, I seriously wish sanders had won the DNC nomination, even if it means trump's chances would've been lower.
This coming from the woman who defaults to blaming Russia to escape *one news cycle.*
What happened to Nina Turner? She was supposed to speak outside at 4, but I have not seen anything about it.
Republicans get priority over Nina Tuner 
Seeing some glow in the dark close to the stage any chance to hear some Hillary boo's
Is she high?
Reserved seats for actors,  white-noise machine, Bernie supporters get shut out of DNC

https://youtu.be/s_IjDabbcLY
Im watching the protests and the convention steams at the same time. This does   not look like unity.
I see Jill stein signs. :)
Bernie appears PISSED.
I feel like my mom is lecturing me about how Santa Claus is real. 
Oh, you mean 240 years ago when people were so pissed off that they weren't being represented by their government that they rose up in revolution? Yeah, we really could learn a thing or two from them.
Founding Fathers organized an armed rebellion. You know, American Revolution...

Not really that big on compromize and working inside the system...
"The only thing we have to fear is fear itself..."

"AND TRUMP, TRUMP WILL BURN AMERICA TO THE GROUND!"
Are people chanting her name because the Bernie delegates are booing her?
More war, more oligarchy... Hillary '16
What are the Bernie supporters chanting that keeps getting drowned out by Hillary chants?
This is who the dems nominated. Wow. She's more boring than John Kerry.  

At least that man had principles.
Alright, I'd rather sleep than listen to this shit. Enjoy your nights.
What about poor water quality as a result of fracking???
What do we do if she loses? She is so f*cking bad she alienates people when she speaks, and she spits in the face of Bernie people? This is scary :(
11:00pm!  the mass walkout is happening, watch the camera will stay locked on Hillary now
"expand voting rights, not restrict them"
maybe don't purge the voting rolls next time?
OMG No Shit Our Democracy isn't working the way it should 

You just stole the fucking primary and pissed all over democracy, you do not get to say that
The TYT panel look like they're at a funeral.
"I LOVE TALKING ABOUT MY PLANS" 

*hasn't said a single actual sentence on how she plans to do things. 
You're a 1%
You already follow the money.
Follow the money right into her back pocket
Silence all dissent. Pathetic.
What was the Bernie chant these Hillary people are trying to disguise? 
My commendations to the DNC staffer(s) who looked up the countries where Trump's products are manufactured. Obviously the biggest issue of the election.
The contrast between what is happening inside the convention versus what is occurring outside is quite frankly amazing.
They're trying to silence them.
More fukcing war! No!!
You can protect them by not starting more wars
And she praised Henry fucking Kissinger
This speech is getting exeededly boring.
If she gets a bounce from this speech, I'll eat my hat.  Not even a dead cat bounce.

I'm very concerned that Trump is going to win at this rate.

She sounds lecturous and in no way inspiring.
Is it bad if I say the look in her eyes is scaring me.
I was/am so sad about how everything played out for Bernie but my dislike for Trump really made me want to find something to convince me to vote for Hillary (since Bernie is no longer an option). Between Bernie and Obama giving their speeches and even Bill, I felt close. Then Hillary spoke and now I'm back to just being sad about Bernie. Not sure how I'll end up voting. 

It's been fun reading this subreddit! Thanks everyone! 
When Hillary was talking about all the "If you believe..." Points the whole time (except for maybe one or two) I agreed...I just thought...I wish I believed you. This is hard for me, and I'm looking forward to the debates, but I just wish this wasn't the position I or this country has to face.

This community made me from feeling like I was active in politics to being active and I love all of you. When we look back at history this will be the beginning, I believe, where they point to grassroot internet systems. No matter what this week showed, this campaign has shown that we have the power to organize. I hope we continue on and fight. I haven't given up, and I hope everyone else doesn't either. We've shown our voice and our ability to do pretty amazing things. Don't let her or him change that. We may have been slapped by the DNC, the media, and some people, but what we did was something never before done...and it won't be the last. 

In solidarity guys and gals. Love you all
I've heard her list off every minority way too many times now.  I'm so sick of it.  You know Bernie cares, he doesn't have to say EVERY SINGLE MINORITY 20 times in a speech.
Someone tell me if anything interesting happens. I have the stream muted because.. Well, because. Mostly just glancing to see if anything goes down.
Well, he's right to compare Hillary to a president who couldn't walk, since she never was able to stand up for what she believes in. (Plus, she's also terminally sick, apparently)
Text: "I hope you lose, Cheater" 
9/11 !
So they're all plants right? Plants at the dnc.. plants online.. wtf lol 
Apparently they just kicked out free Palestine protesters 
This speech... crikey.
seat fillers be [like](https://youtu.be/kLUktJbp2Ug?t=2m35s) 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxydmZ_vrkk&feature=youtu.be
The hell, twitch and youtube streams are showing different content.
This seems needlessly complicated.
Et tu Katy?
Dinosaurs XD
Any Periscope on the DNC floor?
This video is a double whammy. It promotes not only Hillary, but the Clinton dynasty.
Here goes.
[removed]
No shout out for Bernie?

EDIT: There it is.
Dammit man I just want to tear up every time I see him
Lying through her teeth
Haha no one believes what she just said. WE RODE IT TOGETHER - dayum, no shame in her game. 
If they believed we were stronger together, why did they own slaves?
Because this speech about compromise isn't condescending as hell...
the FDR quote? really? He said that when the country was buckling under the Great Depression...
Lol at the counter chants
Josh Fox says they chanted no more war, then got drowned out by Hillary
You're right, a few corps and wealthy people have the power.
Oh my god, that sentence was so incredibly hypocritical, lol.
She just looks evil.
[deleted]
Talk about policy ffs 
Is this the best quality link to her speech?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_D6Zi9OlUVM&feature=youtu.be
9/11 again! Drink!
I was living in New York during 9/11 - Hillary Clinton 
HOW MANY TIMES IS SHE GOING TO MENTION SHE WAS IN THE ROOM THAT AUTHORIZED THE DEATH  OF WHEN OSAMA BIN LADEN WAS KILLED. 

WE GET IT. YOU WERE IN A ROOM. 
She sucks at yelling, it sounds so forced
They saved us from that crisis? So all those people got their jobs and homes back?
Seriously where is the cheering coming from? Everyone that is shown on screen is just standing there with their mouth closed
"GET MONEY OUT OF POLITICS"
Lol they just showed Donna "I'll cuss out the Sanders Camp!" Brazile.
Live 360 deg coverage of DNC floor: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3I46ANy0jFA&feature=youtu.be
[deleted]
ONE OF US, ONE OF US.
Nah, I'm good. 
"Say no to unfair trade deals" sounds like she's gonna try and tweak it a little bit, until she doesn't deem it unfair anymore, to then pass it. Am I mistaken or is this not exactly what the people demand, when they say "Stop TPP"?
Bernie looking ecstatic
Oh fuck, the woman card deal me in.  

I don't know if I can listen to this anymore.  Come on protesters do something. 
Then return the money you got for your speeches!!!!!  

I am just barely not holding it in right now.  
Follow the money. The financial and corporate sectors of this country are lining up behind her. Working people will have a seat at her table as much as they had one at Bills. 
is it me or does she sound really robotic? I feel like I'm listening to a Hillary version of Siri
I don't trust her with them either. 
Didn't we hear this story already?
##**Hillary Clinton in an unscripted moment three months ago speaking about fossil fuel: [www.youtube.com/watch?v=dC4Pvm6Oj4A](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dC4Pvm6Oj4A)**##
People have sign saying walkout lol
So, was any one convinced? Converted?
Not the first time that a Katy Perry song was the theme for an autocrat.
Oh, that whole card stunt looks so sad.

Lol Bill playing with the balloons 
I'll miss you guys, see you next time:) 
https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4v4oat/hypocrisy_of_closing_this_sub_when_bernies/
[Always remember](https://youtu.be/9fdcIwHKd_s?t=9s)
[deleted]
Keep chanting guys. Keep forcing them to counter chant.
Confirmation that they've installed white noise machines all over near Bernie-heavy states to block out their voices. Great periscope showing everything: https://www.periscope.tv/w/amkWxDFETEtCRHhWQU9XRUp8MW5BS0ViTW1YbVZHTILsx6k04VS29HGaSggImNQZrcN8CNTMFoxOPcy4Zjzi
Listening to this woman taking about women's rights and all I can think about is how it's in support of a woman I loathe and think of as a criminal.
I honestly never thought this would be the way I'd be feeling watching the nomination of the first female nominee for president of the USA.
I guess I had just assumed it would be someone worthy of admiration because strength would certainly be requiered to attain such a position.
How very naive and simplistic. Strenght she may have of the low and cunning sort, admirable she's not. Ugh. How soddin sad
I want to live in the timeline where Bernie won, and it wasn't rigged against him. This is bullshit and I'm ashamed of my country 
Re: those supposed "white noise machines"... please do some basic research. It took me approximately 5 minutes to find a high-resolution image of the Wells Fargo Center from February. Zoom in and they are there. I dunno, maybe they are meant to drown out the sounds of disgruntled 76ers fans.

http://i.cdn.turner.com/drp/nba/clippers/sites/default/files/gettyimages-509088696_master.jpg
Ah, the history of the Clitntons.... always brings a tear to my eye. Crime bill, welfare reform, NAFTA, telecom industry, repealing glass steagall, deregulating wall st, Wal-Mart, Iraq War, bankruptcy reform, TPP, Clinton Foundation, private emails, Libya, deporting migrants, Honduras coup. 
Nobody knows you because you've avoided the media for 200+ days.
I believe everyone has a right to healthcare period - this "affordable" bullshit isn't even laughable. It's disgusting.
She's getting fed up with the random Hillary chants that are trying to silence the protester lol she looks pissed.
Is she stealing a lot of lines from Trump or is it just me.
even pandering to hamilton fans, i just cringed
Stein for 2016!
After claiming all week the success or failure of the DNC will be totally based on Hillary's acceptance speech, MSNBC just claimed it was the least important part of the convention.

Personally  I'm stuck on the claim "our democracy isn't working the way it should" by someone caught rigging a primary. 

She totally abandoned an enthusiastic left to go after disaffected Republicans. Really wish Bernie would go Green, even if he loss we'd at least have enough voters out Trump wouldn't have the Presidency and the Senate, which would be my prediction right now.

Dear Lord let the Berners find a way to manipulate those cards
The longer this convention goes on, the more apparent it is that this is a propaganda-filled farce. The media, who was supposedly objective, has been characterizing candidates and pushing talking points. Who are they to judge? And against the opinions of half of the voters in the country? (Bernie+Trump supporters)The media won't even cover massive protests outside (or inside) the arena. WTF? How is that not a news story? This is so in our face now. It would be completely irresponsible to not do something about it.  
There's gonna be a protest of Hillary's speech right? Really nothing to lose since it's the end of the convention. 
Why should I care that Katy Perry supports HRC?
Wow. This is lame and a half. But man, if Katy Perry is for HRC, I guess I'm sold. 

Just kidding! 
That lone "encore", hahahaha.
Just wait we will continue to be proven right with more wiki leak releases. 
Morgan Freeman's commentary is hilarious. It's beyond parody and sentimental trite.
Feel so bad for Bernie. Looked so sad/mad up there. 
That look bernie had earlier.. Was one of the most pissed off looks I've ever seen from him.

http://imgur.com/a/y0zLp
#pandering 
This is all i hear   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTDUuBWGtpU
I gotta give it to the Hillary employees they're doing a good job suppressing any Bernie chanting. They might even get a bonus tonight.
I can't fathom why those lizard people are trying to cover up the "No more war" chants.  Just fucking why? Why are you against the idea of peace?
68% of people view you as untrustworthy and dishonest... so I think people have a pretty good idea of what they make of you
God this is so boring
"The cost of prescription drugs... which will remain high for millions of poor people around the world when I pass the TPP"
Poor Bernie, he keeps sliding further and further down in his chair.  He does not look happy.
and IF NECESSARY, we will overturn citizens united?

Welp, confirmed thats not happening now
She's got no idea how to work a crowd, sadly. When she gets hit with "Hillary! Hillary!" chants, she's like a deer in headlights. Obama needs to coach her on how to orate.
At least he actually takes questions from reporters...
"We aren't offering empty promises.  What are we offering?"

uuuhhhh empty promises...
Might as well be blowing all this out her ass.
I don't like all these goodbyes. :(
Yellow shirts are protest shirts.

Edit: **also the Bernie delegates are encouraging the use of #DNCleaks as a hash tag today!**
Yes, next chapter. Green party people
Thankfully we won't have to worry about Chelsea running for president because she has zero charisma.
[removed]
He looks so pissed
##**[Bernie](http://i.imgur.com/VgXCk.gif)**##

##**[Jane](http://i.imgur.com/MACsGb6.gif)**##
My Grandfather worked in the same mill for 50 years...not that you will ever know what that kind of job security is like. 
How can you bash Trump for taking hard questions from the press when you haven't taken any. If this was Trump the media would be all of every contradiction I hate the news. 
Trump didn't come out of thin air. His rise can be attributed to the fact that Democrats have turned their backs on the working class people of this country. There was a corporate coup within the Democratic party thanks in part to the likes of Bill and Hillary. Electing a corporate controlled war mongerer won't defeat the trumps of the world, it will create more of them. 
They've put up white noise machines around bernie supporters to drown out any chanting they do.

https://www.periscope.tv/w/1nAKEbMmXmVGL

LIVE FROM THE FLOOR

SO MANY EMPTY SEATS
https://scontent-mia1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t42.9040-29/10000000_1151336641590801_1823393540_n.mp4?efg=eyJ2ZW5jb2RlX3RhZyI6InNkIn0%3D&oh=5581fb8469429d270827a9a1600dda09&oe=579AA0E9

White noise machine and hired hillary supporters.
She is always dressed like Kim Jong Un
Goddamn, I love Bernie. I wish there was a live stream of his reaction to all of this. Every Bernie supporter needs to see it. I hope he's able to gain great sway in the Senate after all of this. Fuck, he deserves it.
[deleted]
Love the glow in the dark Bernie shirts.
Just let her say Hillary's speech. To protect my ears.
LOOK AT HER, LOOK AT HER FACE!
I only hope history looks back and realizes how truly awful the Clintons and their third way was
Bernie does not look pleased lol
Bernie looks pissed. 
"I want to thank Bernie Sanders"

Bernie does **not** look amused.
Bernie looks pissed.
Damn, Bernie does not look happy!
She doesn't believe what she's saying and it shows.
FACEBOOK HAS LITERALLY BANNED ME FROM POSTING


"The only thing we have to fear.... is TRUMP.... so vote for me" 
>Talks about how America is defined by unity

>Immediately talks about how the other party is wrong for the country
She help create ISIS.
faith ? you mean fraud? as in voter fraud?
Can you imagine the media's reaction if Trump did a promo for his own book?
So when's the walkout?
i cant possibly listen to this screeching for the next four years(prob 8 if elected)
Love trumps hate is actually a really bad slogan. Because it puts the image of "LOVE" and "TRUMP" in your mind.
"What the *heck* do you mean by *that*?"

For fuck's sake.  It's a common expression!
Do we wanna listen to these empty platitudes and hellish monotone for 4-8 years?
Saw someone in the audience with a "No Voice No Unity" sign.
aaaaand vagina...
"If Necessary"
Damn, something DEFINITELY irritated her. She was chill until the "people who don't vote for me" line. Since then she's been letting out that nasty, cross, denigrating look on her face. Trump's not the only candidate with thin skin.. 
God, I already miss Obama.
The end of every sentence sounds like some trademarked phrase. It's so goddamn annoying.
She emphasizes Israel's security. What about Palestine?!
Here comes the warhawk.
Wow, She's switching topics so fast it's making me nauseous. 
You have a privileged life.
It kills me how many Bernie references she has peppered throughout this thing. Pander pander pander.
After watching all of the primetime coverage of both conventions, it's easy to say Time Kaine and HRC had by far the two worst speeches.
Someone just saved Hillary's life by blocking the balloon
Is this the DNC? Or the Anti Trump convention? Cuz fuck. I haven't heard anything good about democrats just them bashing Trump.
Should anyone be surprised that career, establishment Republicans are going to vote for Hillary?  No one loves the establishment more.  I bet Ted Cruz is going to vote for her, too.
that performance is actually pretty terrible. Once again Hillary insults our intelligence if she thinks a Katy Perry song is going to make millenials like her
Bernie supporters in there give Hillary hell during her coronation please
[deleted]
You can't be trusted with nuclear weapons.
I'm sorry, but after all the wars, I don't trust Hillary with nuclear weapons. 
Ohmygag. This is so rehearsed. Facial expressions, everything. Nothing genuine here folks, you can move along.

"I didn't really care what she had to say tonight, I just wanted to be in the room where history was made" ignorant af
Yeah right what the fuck was with the "I was getting bullied and my mom wouldn't let me in the house?"

Funny thing is, Hillary and the DNC are literally the bullies now, fixing elections and silencing dissenters 
Can someone explain to me how this subreddit is being allowed to shut down?!
Ever since the beginning of the election, Bernie's reminded me of Atticus Finch from To Kill a Mockingbird. He knows he has virtually no chance of winning, but he stands up for what is right-even in the face of opposition- and inspires others by doing so
can we get some links to whats going on now, or throughout the day pinned up top?
How I feel right now:

https://youtu.be/qhbliUq0_r4
I got bored of hearing about Abuelas, so i went watching Bojack Horseman. But i still feel like i should comment the episode.
And now: more abuela story!
Amerikur?
wtf this "Sat in this chair" commercial for Pelosi is ridiculous 
And these people are talking at a political convention... why?
seriously though, this is like sad story after sad story lol 
Did Obama save the American auto industry? Detroit still seems pretty dead.
[deleted]
Haha.  I wonder what happened.
We will defeat evil and protect the homeland.
[deleted]
Wow this isn't choreographed at all lol instructions for days how hard is it to hold up a card
Katy nooo :(
is there an audience in attendance? I think at least Katy P would get some cheers.
I'm hoping Hillary just goes full throttle and comes out to this song -

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xxgRUyzgs0
holy shit bill...that laugh!
Yessss. Yesssss! Applaud our crony capitalism!
That video is a good time to leave. Better than booing.
She doesn't look all that happy, actually.
hasn't even mentioned Bernie yet.
[deleted]
Bernie looks rough
If she quotes Hamilton, ill eat my ass hair.!!

Edit: Everytime she says "founders" I get nervous.
Storytime with Abuelita?
Put Chelsea back on.
muh terrorism boogeyman!!!!!
The great election of our time is pantsuit vs suitcase. Unreal.
Is it just me or she is using the exact same body language, hands and face gestures as Obama? It looks like Clinton had intense speech preparation to appear as candid as Obama
What was the sudden chant? 
Looks like yellow-shirt delegates are getting up?!

Edit: I haven't seen a shot of the front audience since, so.. I'm probably wrong.
After "Love Trumps Hate" line, some sort of combined chant *immediately*. It felt almost coordinated. Whole crowd feels like the people on the As Seen On Tv commercials.

Oh, New Bedford! That's where Slick Willy was messing around in the polling area.
Has anyone noticed how both Hillary and Chelsea gave slight pauses every time they use any type of female pronoun?
Please keep bringing up 9/11
Nice shot of that guy holding two Hillary signs, looking tired AF of doing so.
Aaaaaand she just announced she's going to be moving to the right.
GUYS! SHE'S A WOMAN REMEMBER!!!!! Dduuuuuuh
So, what's happening per twitter and bits and pieces of what I can here on tv, is that, rather than a walk out, there is a steady, consistent trickle of heckling and boos, instead of than a few big outbreaks like the other night.
She said it...she said Tween
I keep hearing the same canned yelling and chanting repeating and super imposed over what I can only imagine is some serious "disunity" going on (youtube live stream).

Does anyone have a lnk to a delegate recording the actual audio?
BECAUSE OF YOU AND THE DNC
DID SHE SERIOUSLY JUST SAY THAT
"If necessary"
Yeah no shit. You are part of the problem, Democracy is going down the drain.
"our democracy isn't working the way it should" finally you admit it !
Amendment to Citizens United made it into the speech. Good, I guess.
Unless they're little children. We need to send a message...
Hillary made a joke!

*please clap*
I wonder why CNN isn't doing close ups of those in bright yellow shirts....oh wait they're Bernie Sanders delegates...
Anyone else notice the angry mom eyes she's given everyone?
Lmao she isn't going to go after Wallstreet..
she sounds so fucking fake right now 
How did the audience know to yell "Deal Me In"?
Live 360 deg coverage of DNC floor: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3I46ANy0jFA&feature=youtu.be

Live coverage of protest outside: https://www.periscope.tv/DoogieLabs/1LyxBbwYENPxN
BINGO.

Filled my card!
If she were even remotely serious about stopping citizens united she's stop taking corporate money this election cycle.
Until both sides cease killing innocents, fuck both Palestine and Israel.
Didn't Hillary get donations from the NRA?
Where is the person who was gonna eat ass hair for a Hamilton quote?
hamilton and Katy Perry plugs all in the span of a minute
Your CHOICE Now:

EVIL BUSINESSMAN

OR

CORRUPT SCRIPTED WOMAN
No fucking thank you
The gaps in that. Holyyy.
When is the first debate??
[deleted]
Where's DWS?
*clears throat*
Fudge looks happy to be outta there. 
I'm half expecting a Red Wedding at any moment.
I really hope one of you tries this. It's going to go over SUPER WELL for you: https://twitter.com/BobbyAllyn/status/758773925069266945

/s
"Those who joined the campaign this week" lol you wish Hillary
Someone on the Fox feed got in a sign on the camera that went

#No Voice

#No Unity
Wow! A speaker from a parrallel dimension who comes from a world where Hillary lways supported the Gays.
I feel like Hillary thinks all young voters are just tweens or something.
[deleted]
Crowd at Jeb Bush levels of energy
>She loves blueberries.

Thanks for sharing.
It's called a "cackle", Obama
Looks like Correct The Record is doing double time.
Funny how they aren't bragging on any of her accomplishments since 9/11. It was 15 years ago. 
FDR would be ashamed of the party today
She proud to be establishment.
I hope she gives a better speech when it's for 250k
lol'd at "Deal me in" synchronization and subsequent Hillary chant. This is literal political theatre.

Walk the walk. Release those transcripts.
Per twitter (search for #jillnothill), some delegates are holding Jill Stein signs.
Sheeple be eating this stuff up
You know it's okay to have a male role model, too.  I'm no misogynist but damn I've heard the word 'mother' 30+ times in the past hour.
What a piece of shit. There I said it.
Will miss this subreddit, dont see why it has to be shut down though
[removed]
Good ride folks! Probably my last post here as sub gets shutdown soon. Looking forward to not voting for Hillary. Remember don't let anyone fear monger you into voting for anyone. Examine the options and vote your conscience. 
CNN now saying: Clinton aide says that Hillary will offer no apology for DNC emails.  
"She promised to look into it." 

Lol. http://iwilllookintoit.com/
Hillary wants to ban fracking now?
An ENTIRE speech full of lies. Maybe they wrote this one before the bernie supporters left and before they kicked the California Bernie supporters out. 
Are you kidding me? This one heard the voice of the lord... Is this the RNC?
Whyyyyy is she talking SO slow?!?
She never forgets who she's fighting for....the corporate class.
That felt so forced and fake.
Bill Clinton told the same story twice.
did Bill just hit on that reporter in that ad?
 "I got as close to her as I am to you right now ;) " 
All Hillary has to do is give 80 speeches and she could raise he 20 million herself!
"Without press, without fanfare"... until now.
Using FDR, THAT IS FUCKING BERNIES THING!! 
This is so boring.
"It takes a village" is such a hard concept - tell us what you mean by that.
How can these zombie's take this seriously, she can't mention any policies they are all watered down counters to Bernie's, just flowery BS that half the party does not fall for :\
Humility. Right.
Glad those protest shirts are so visible.
Come on when does the protest start
She speaks like she's reading a book to a classroom of children
No charisma or passion. She can't connect with the American people.
[deleted]
Why would you try to pick up someone in a body brace?
Sooo are we going to get ANY talks of policies during the Trump/Clinton debates, or will it just be 2 hours of back and forth "VOTE FOR ME, I'M BETTER THAN THEM!"
She'd have to believe in science. They had the technology to build and program her.
I'm hearing rumors that protestors just got into the convention center. Can anyone confirm this? None of the streams are working for me.
Give me a break. She isn't going to do ANY of this. They all funded her campaign!
We've been following the money, Hillary. That's the problem...
Good to see you guys aren't falling for this snake oil bullshit. You've already been betrayed once.
so i'm to believe, that she is anti-TPP and against wall street? All this as she literally sat on the board of Wal-Mart?! 
Umm, she supported nafta. This speech is awkward
Blah blah Top 1%  

\>[gets 25 million from George Soros](http://finance.yahoo.com/news/george-soros-returns-politics-25-145956295.html)
Ignoring Palestine..
Nicely done, delegates.
Wall st/Pharma/Prison pockets?
("I I I I I  ....me I  I I my life I my em mine I  I I I I ..")^n
How... uninspiring. Love that CSPAN panned the failed card stunt. 
#BALLOONS MADE IN CHINA?
[deleted]
All these sheep in the audience cheering for oligarchy disgust me
She can fuck off. She will never get my vote
"He offered zero solutions.."

Okay, but where are yours? All you've talked about are the things you "might" work on "if necessary".
FDR, don't be afraid,......BE AFRAID OF TRUMP
It's been real r/sandersforpresident. Thank you for the activism and helping to kindle the revolution. Let's make sure the revolution wasn't for naught. Until we meet again. #anyonebuthillary
[deleted]
See ya later guys. I hope after all this rigging you won't vote for the (un)democratic party. I know I can't vote for a party that goes against democracy.
It has been one hell of a ride!

Even if this sub disappears, we'll all still be around for the next push.  I have committed myself to aid in the destruction of the two party system.  I hope you and those like us will do the same.
FEEL THE BERN, Indeed!!!
I'm with you man.
I practically lived here. I'll move my efforts to a progressive party, and help get Bernie's 100 elected. But nothing will beat the community that was here.
Well, this place has been one of a kind. This election was a strange, long journey. Everyone predicted how this would turn out but it was still weird as fuck. The conversations on here were usually good, which is phenomenal for a political forum. I learned a lot on here. This sub brought a great mix of people together. I think this place is proof that you can have contentious debate and still move forward together.

As of this post, Trump is leading Hillary and there's yet another investigation starting. I'm not sure I'll ever stop thinking about what could've been with a Bernie Sanders presidency. The motivation will carry on, but I want to keep it real and risk being a downer by saying that this was probably the best chance we'll get for a long time. That being said, I wish Sanders the best in continuing his truly progressive movement. I hope some campaign like this can happen again and, if I'm not being greedy, next time bigger and better. Thanks to everyone on this sub, no matter who you intend to vote for. You all made this place pretty damned interesting. Loved talking and arguing with you.

Goodbye for now, SandersForPresident.
r/nprogparty
Join us on /r/Political_Revolution if you want to help carry the torch.
r/political_revolution
That is absolutely wonderful.  Give it to Jane.
That is a beautiful painting.
Wow you captured the emotion in his face perfectly. Great job!
Anyone eles disappointed it wasn't a picture of Bernie painting? (This is still lovely though)
[removed]
I think it's incredible. If I could I would buy it from you, it's really gorgeous 
This is an absolutely beautiful painting, /u/Alibobaly.  :-)
This is really good.  Would you consider selling prints?
This is an amazing painting!
So Hillary wanted her out because she was incompetent, only cared for herself, was costing Hillary political points, did not let Hillary get involved in the DNC after she had won. And then Hillary hires her after her resignation? Is this some sick joke? This story is a PR move by the Clinton campaign to distance themselves from DWS and Politico is playing along. They could have at least mentioned in the article how Clinton hired her, but then it wouldn't fit the narrative.
i think the writer forgot to state at the bottom of the article who in the DNC it was sent to before being published for approval
Everything was Debbie's fault! Now that she's gone everything is just perfect again. Thank gawd


It almost seems as this article wants us to think, Oh since Debbie is gone, the DNC will be completely fair.
This is just the DNC and Hillary trying to save themselves by blaming DWS. Just wait for the next Wikileaks release I bet their narrative will crack again.
I hope people aren't buying that DWS was some rogue element acting on her own free will within the DNC.  There has been collusion from the bottom up.  Clinton has shown how controlling and manipulative she can be.  With that said, if people do believe that...then why the fuck would Clinton rehire her for general and why is there some sort of corrupt scandal every time Hillary holds a position of power?  There aren't that many coincidences...this shit was planned and calculated.
This just whitewashes over the purposeful election rigging they did against Sanders 
This article pisses me off.  They are putting it all on DWS.  Furthermore, it makes clear the Clinton campaign was increasingly and heavily involved in DNC operations, overriding their staff.  I would also add the article is falsely stating it was the "presidential campaign" and stating inaccurately that "Clinton won the nomination in June".  

I smell bullshit!
So Debbie is the sacrificial lamb, then?
I will wager even money that DWS was rewarded by HRC because of the type, amount and depth of dirt that is involved in this entire DNC mess over the past year.  This scandal is far from over and it will surely blow up even more with additional stuff coming from Wiki.  And especially so, when DWS loses her upcoming election.  DWS may be more than willing to spill the beans then.

I am one to believe that the entire HRC staff that was involved in any part of this mess should be summarily fired, especially that Luis Miranda scumbag.  That other smug SOB Mook is also in all of this BS.

When the rot takes hold, it inexorably spreads, it is akin to cancer, and that is why the cut has to be deep enough such that the poison is fully removed.  

Sad truth is that the rot and the poison starts and ends with the ILLEGITIMATE one. 

That said, Go Tim Canova!

Long Live the Political Revolution!!! 







There is nothing wrong with the Clinton national headquarters....oops sorry Freudian slip, the Democratic national committee 
Good ole fashioned scapegoating!
DWS quote at the end: And all those scumbags who are giving you shit on social media, she concluded, according to several attendees f--- them, they dont know the first thing. They dont know you.

Read more: http://www.politico.com/story/2016/07/dnc-debbie-wasserman-schultz-226352#ixzz4FiB966q0
Follow us: @politico on Twitter | Politico on Facebook

Wauuu. So innocent the Clinton Camp Seem. Funny the article did not mention Hillary hired her right after
FALL GUY.
1. Interesting that the article states, "Several staff members have already been asked to prepare statements about their departures." due to expected upcoming Wikileaks. That says they KNOW that improper stuff was done (even worse than what we already know). 2. Why would they  (DNC, Hillary) have had to placate DWS as though she is a queen? Only reason I can think of is because she has stuff on all of them and they're afraid she'll squeal. Why else, if Hillary is so disgusted with her, would Hillary immediately place her (in writing) as honorary chair of her campaign. When this does come out, it's going to be HYUUUUGE.
Look over there while I throw DWS under the bus!
Who takes Politco seriously anymore?  It's not like they've even been around that long.
Do not read politico or politifact. It is written and edited by the DNC.
Didn't you also force them to take on very progressive stances? This was only the beginning, at some point you'll get the democratic party to look for a different electoral system, so 3rd parties are a legitimate option. 
We almost nominated the right candidate. Almost. That's as much a victory as it is a continuation of the disaster that is the US political system.
still here


Only one question: Why do you think Hillary will probably win?
I have my doubts. Even if a media creation, do you think the Republican Party is going to roll over? They perfected the art of election theft first. I do think The Donald really does not want to be President. However, there are operatives in his campaign who are fully committed. I suspect he's not really in charge. And, if elected, for better or worse, like W, he will not be in charge of the Oval Office.

In addition, more stuff is coming out about HRC and though she will not be indicted, she is going to be so disliked she will lose the support of the regular people who are now holding their noses.

I think everything's a crap shoot right now.
#/r/StillSandersForPres#
Great points.  Also, we have a great party platform now and some great democrats in congress. DemExit is cool right now but I'm staying.  I'll work to take my party back.  I'll likely vote for Clinton and might even canvass for her.  At this point, having her in the Whitehouse is the best option for implementing the platform we fought so hard for.  If I do wind up canvassing for Hillary, you can bet I'll be wearing a Sanders tee shirt an a couple of buttons.
Oh the irony! Bernie didn't want to be a "spoiler" responsible for a Trump presidency but little did he realize that the only way to PREVENT a Trump presidency could be for him to keep running. 
[Some people started even this](https://m.facebook.com/Put-Bernie-on-the-General-Election-Ballot-1232738150104891)
I'm just shocked he can sit back and watch as the DNC abuses and silences all the Sanders delegates. You'd figure with: paying people to fill seats, taking away signs, stripping credentials, etc... He'd say or do something. At the point the only real way to prevent a Trump presidency is for Sanders to run. Something is off.. 
Hi `AWeirdCrab`. Thank you for participating in /r/SandersForPresident. However, [your submission](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4v3sjg/run_bernie_run/) did not meet the requirements of the [community guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules) and was therefore removed for the following reason(s): 

----

* **[Over-discussion](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_title_and_subject_rules.) (rule #5b):** Submissions which contain content that is posted very consistently may be removed.

 * Overdiscussed topics may be given megathreads in some cases, but all overdiscussed topics are ineligible to be reposted regardless of the 30 day repost limit. 

 * Major breaking news will almost always be given a megathread.

 * Before posting a policy question about Bernie, please visit [FeelTheBern.org](http://www.feelthebern.org) and use the search bar to look for various terms related to your post.



* **[Low Productivity](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_title_and_subject_rules.) (rule #6):** Submissions which provide little content or in-depth material are considered low productive, such as unsubstantial text posts, or link posts to text conversations, screenshots, memes, photos, or other low content material.





----

If you have any specific questions about this removal, please [message the moderators](https://www\.reddit\.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FSandersForPresident&subject=about my removed submission&message=I'm writing to you about the following submission: https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4v3sjg/run_bernie_run/. %0D%0DMy issue is...). Hateful or vague messages will not receive a response. **Please do not respond to this comment.**
Larry Sanders said on The Young Turks that his brother is getting a major committee position, with which to have a strong say on the issues he is concerned with. He also mentioned something about Bernie being treated like a high-ranking Democrat, even though he'll be an independent. 
Just curious - how if the downballots win but trump still wins, would Bernie have less power? Honest question here. I'm not being a dick or snarky. Hypothetically - if the house and senate go exactly as we want it to - how does the president change his future power?
Bernie will either Chair the Budget Committee, which he is senior on, or will Chair Education, Healthcare, Labot and Pensions if Patty Murray moves to Appropration.  This is where he will govern from, and can be powerful if Democrats take the Senate, but apparently that is not important to us. 
Are you kidding me? Have you not been paying attention to anything that's been posted for the last four days, let alone the entire primary? Our delegates are being treated like absolute shit by the Clinton campaign. Bernie supporters are being attacked, threatened, and their concerns are being completely dismissed at the convention. Bernie's top surrogate was forbidden from introducing him because she did not bend the knee. And you think that they'll treat Bernie any better when he gets back to the Senate? These Democrats despise us. They cheated us out of the nomination. Harry Reid even admitted that they knew it was an unfair process and did absolutely nothing to stop it. And you think that things will change if Hillary becomes president? You think that she'll magically decide to listen to us and try to enact Bernie's agenda? She controls the party now. If she wants to crush Bernie and render him completely useless is the Senate, there is absolutely nothing that can stop her. Wake the hell up!
When I look at your history, you don't sound like somebody who is devoted to Bernie's legacy AND someone who donated time and money to his campaign.  So what gives you the right to charge us with "lack of sense and abundance of entitlement"?  
That's what I've been saying all day today. We have real power and if we are wise we can wield this power to play kingmaker in November. 
[deleted]
I agree. I am not 100% behind Hillary but I am 100% in front of Trump.. you know what I mean.. The point is, in a 2 party first past the post system, its one or the other. Any vote that doesn't go to Hillary may as well be a vote for Trump.
Agreed. I've been following this sub religiously over the past year. Every morning waking up, checking r/SandersforPresident, getting inspired and loving a community with like-minded supporters. It's truly been awesome to be part of something like this. We brought the world together for a cause we believe in.

I find myself in a strange place right now. Bernie didn't win the nomination but the person we fought tooth and nail against did. 

**What. The. Fuck. What the fuck do I do now?**

I'm angry. No, I'm fucking PISSED. The DNC rigged this election from the beginning. They broke laws on Hillary's behalf. Debbie Wasserman Schultz was removed as the DNC chair over her corruption only to be hired by Hillary's campagin. The Democratic party is not democracy. They have lied and cheated us. It's more transparent now than it's ever been. They can not and will not get away with this.

But...I have to have faith. I have to have fucking faith in all of these progressives I've been admired over the past year that they know what's best. I have to. Bernie has and will continue fighting for us. He knows the weight this election has on our country and the rest of the WORLD. And with that, I will follow him. 

The wounds are fresh and emotions are high but we can't let Trump become president. We can't risk backtracking on social issues 50 years. It goes against everything I believe in as a Sanders supporter. We need to continue our revolution with the down ticket candidates, taking back congress and moving things forward. Even if it moves slower than we'd like. With Trump, we move backwards in time. THIS is why Bernie is backing Hillary. That's what his message was about Monday night. It's not about Bernie, Trump or Clinton. It's about the policies put forth by the Democratic party. It's about how far we have come over the past 8 years.

Clinton is the status-quo. She will continue what Obama started. She will continue doing what's best for the wealthiest in this country. She will stay in the pockets of Wall Street. She will continue profiting from prisons etc. But what she won't do is send us back in time.

I will do everything I can to make sure Trump doesn't become president even if that means voting for Clinton. But I will not forget. I will not forget what the DNC did. I will not forget that Hillary let it happen. 

**Thank you Bernie. I'm awake now.**
THIS is exactly right.
[removed]
Don't use Bernie's legacy as something of a bargining chip. His legacy will move on no matter which idiot takes office. If Trump acts like the Media claims (and even the media lies about stuff Trump said/did like they did with Bernie) there are powers to strip him of the office if need be, much like Hillary. 
I would say that he is the most powerful senator outside of congress, NOW.
I think people are realizing more and more that a Hillary PResidency also means a Hillary staff which means the elite and corporate are rewarded, donors come first, etc. Thousands of positions... Somewhat scary.
More powerful than Johnson? Unlikely. Bernie can get a lot of power, but he needs to figure out how to hold a coalition together.


Sounds like he forced her left 
Wonder who got more cash for a 15 minute speech, Hillary from Wall Street or Bernie from Hillary?
You can't justify this. You have every right to step away. Leave, be done. I totally understand the desire. 

But leave the sub alone. 

Appoint new mods. Or don't. Let the community decide its fate. 

If it's lost, it's lost. But no group of 5 should be able to determine the end of a movement of 250k. This is bigger than you now. 

I hope you see the light. Enough is enough. 
>The real activists will come to other productive communities like r/Political_Revolution

What nonsense. It's not possible to just get 200k+ subscribers to move over. Communities like this take insane amounts of work and luck to form, and you're throwing it all away pretending that nothing is being lost.

You're eliminating the ability of 200k+ progressives to communicate in favor of a sub with less than 10% the engagement. If you can't see the damage that does to progressive causes you're blind.
What right does the moderation team have to ignore the overwhelming sentiment of the posters here? I don't buy it for a second. I read this sub several times a day; I don't see this "toxic environment" of which you speak. This community, like any living organism, wants to survive. The moderators' unilateral decision to end this community is an act of cruelty and narcissism. No soothing words can obscure that reality.
The struggle continues.

Goodbye and thank you for your hard work.
Love ya <3
Thanks. I think the idiom "herding cats" comes to mind when it comes to modding a sub like this. I'm impressed that any team, no matter how big, has managed to keep it together for so long - give yourselves a pat on the back, for real.
Thanks for all you and the other mods and supporters have done for so long. I am super sad to lose this place where one could get info so fast and banter with intelligent, inspired people. As truly sad as I am for the end of this era (I read for a long time before I joined) I understand that the stated purpose has come to an end (since Bernie says he won't run 3rd party) and it has largely become a place for other candidates' supporters to try and mess around with us. If Bernie was still running there wouldn't be as many trolls. Mostly they're trying to make last ditch efforts to convert us. Again, thanks to all who supported Bernie. This. SubReddit. Was. Awesome.
Much love dude! As a former mod as well, I can't help but agree with you 100%. We must move on and continue the activism elsewhere. 

I dont feel nearly as responsible as many of the veteran mods @sfp for its success, but I feel a special connection to this community and all we've accomplished. Never let yourself think that what we did wasn't amazing and unprecedented. 
Thank you so much for all you have done! Onward with the revolution!
/u/seamslegit  Why don't you guys leave and leave it new mods? What is the problem? If you think you can decide among your group of people what is good for people, it is wrong. 

Here is another thread. Read it carefully, and tell me people want this place closed. https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4uq5cs/state_of_the_subreddit_address_and_the_future_of/                                                                 

Why are you forcing it? If you don't want it, leave. 
Thank you for your hard work mods, in making this place one of the few that was positive, where you could actually have a discussion. Goodbye, fam.
My question is why not just rename/rebrand the sub?

Also I think youre being extremely harsh there are a lot of Bernie supporters youre basically throwing under the bus...

Rude mods is a problem

Yes people shouldnt be supporting Trump here but so what, shutting it down is a wild overreaction to that. 

And just because you personally disagree with someone's ideas does not objectively make their ideas inaccurate or a conspiracy theory...

Very rude post overall
Thanks for your hard work and perseverance.  You did make the world a better place!  See you in PR, please tell me the trolls will be less tolerated there?
I just started /r/nprogparty (National Progressive Party) sub. I will be working post election to continue our movement. Feel free to join and contribute!
Leave the sub alone, please. 
That'll do, mod. That'll do. 
PLEASE DON'T CLOSE THE SUB! There are posts that I want to back up!
 All of the mods should resign and the community will vote on new mods.

Maybe /u/NebraskaGunOwner can be the new owner?

There's no point in closing the sub. People will just leave if they want to.
[deleted]
Political_Revolution is overrun with Hillary supporters that trolled us nonstop for months, no thanks.  You guys are effectively destroying/hijacking the movement to help Hillary Clinton as many mods have already said.
Bring back /r/BernieSanders
Regardless of the decisions you made, thank you for the insane amount of mind-numbing work you've put into moderating this place. I've seen all the pro-Hillary / motivation-crusher topics posted by accounts with suspicious posting histories, all the infighting, all the increasing negativity when Sanders kept getting treated worse and worse in the primary, etc.

There is one very important piece of feedback that I have to give you guys, however, /u/seamslegit. Despite several calls by myself, there was a failure on part of the mods to **promote progressive down-ballot candidates in stickies during their primaries** both here and on p_r. Incredible, progressive candidates for U.S. and state legislatures remained on the fringe because all we did was get the word out on Bernie himself. I'm sure you guys know just how important it is, for the revolution, for all of us to maximize our votes by being informed on whom to cast them for up *and* down the ballot. Someone like Bernie can't get around to endorsing every single candidate for state senate or whatever, and therefore a community like Political_Revolution should pick up the slack and have its own 'endorsed candidates' where Bernie or other prominent progressives do not.

I hope this is something you can take to heart, and not make the same mistake in the future. Have a comprehensive, easy-to-access "vote for these guys" list for every darned election that matters. If there aren't enough mods to decide on them and oversee the process, then recruit progressives to do it.
[deleted]
-to not attacking other candidates like so many other political subs.

That only works when most of the participants are educated about the opposition. 

The difference is Bernie is experienced plus educated & can intellectually sort it out.

Many newcomers to politics can't take a measured rational stance until they understand the oppositions deceptions.

Those deceptions have to be pointed out & are not "attacks" as was so often considered in S4P modding.

Bernie won fairly small races before & this was a lesson in how overwhelming the mass corporate propaganda machine can be in quelling mass dissent on a national scale. It's a good lesson to keep in mind.

In any case Bernie opened tons of eyes & praying that they stay open & people become more vocal about their support of progressive ideas.
Disagree - please pass on the sub to those  wanting to continue here. thank you.
too long, shouldnt read
I love that girl. They take away credentials form real Bernie delegates
and they give them to strangers to sit and fill seats for 50 bucks a person.
This convention is so corporate that everything is about PR manipulation. Even the speeches remind me of the buzzword filled tech company presentations. They are forcing the narrative of unity, but when half the room walks out it is too embarrassing for them to leave it empty.

The speeches and the seat filling show us that they prefer the lie instead of the truth, because when reality confronts them they double down on platitudes and false appearances. They say they support the people but their actions say they support their donors and only manipulate us for votes.
More reason for #Demexit
Sit on the seat fillers!
To be fair, there are legitimately hundreds of people who wanted seats and didn't have credentials for them. I was there with media credentials earlier this week, but I left early for health reasons and because I had no desire to see Hillary speak tonight. The Bernie delegates I was carpooling with were onboard with leaving early, too. I'm happily home now.

But last night, I'd showed up at 4:00 to get my seat to make sure I could see Biden and Obama, knowing they wouldn't be on until 10:00-ish. As people got up to leave, others were literally running and jumping into empty seats. The volunteers for each section had a hard time gatekeeping to prevent people from coming in once the seats were filled. Obama *had already finished speaking* and people were still running in to grab seats when people like me were headed toward the escalator to beat the rush. (This is how I missed that Hillary came on stage and hugged Obama at the very end.) And there were a ridiculous number of Hillary fans who didn't have hall or floor credentials. I can almost guarantee they didn't have to pay seat holders, but they basically "upgraded" people who didn't otherwise have the proper credentials to be on the floor.

I'm not saying there wasn't PR manipulation. I was handed so many signs each night to wave around, and we'd be chided if we raised a certain sign up before it was time. ("Keep those down until the President walks on stage!") I'm just saying they didn't have to try very hard to fill in empty seats. There were literally hundreds, if not thousands, of people who had credentials to be inside the arena but not in any of the seats.
Go to any televised event where crowd size influences importance/popularity.  This is standard practice.


Whats wrong with having seat fillers?
It can really be a shit show tonight. I hope everybody stay safe.
Democracy is dead. 
It wasn't a riot.  This is being misrepresented.
"unity"
Is this 1968?
Any context to what is happening here? 
they brought this on themselves
welcome to 1937 germany
Thank you too! The primaries may be over but the revolution has only begun.
Never stop fighting as well! I hope to see you on places like /r/politicalprogressives and /r/political_revolution !
Sad to see us held at gunpoint to lose our biggest community, hoping that the mods that are still left change their mind.
It's so inspiring to know that all of us, strangers passing in the night, joined together and created a huge political movement where nothing stood before.  What happened here was something like I've never seen before and I'm convinced it's only the beginning of what's to come.  See you on the flip side.  I look forward to working with all of you, anonymously, in the future! 
Check out /r/RiseUPP/
r/nprogparty
I imagine Bernie's New Site - Our Revolution will be doing this.
Thank you. This is what this sub needs.
Open!!!
Agreed..please do not shut this subreddit down against the will of it's subscribers..if you don't want to continue there are plenty of other people who would be willing to take the reigns and moderate the subreddit as the revolution continues...
they are paid by the hillary campaign now
[removed]
I don't know, but I will be with you guys 'till the end :)
They haven't said that they won't.. So unfortunately it seems that way. 
[removed]
The vast majority of the people asking to keep it open are brigadiers. Close this shit. I'm proud of the current moderation, but they can't keep it up. 
As an ex bernie supporter (donated $100), I came across a Liberitarian podcast and never looked back. Do yourself a favor, google 'Liberitarian'. We need less government, not more.
I'd almost forgotten about who Hillary would put on her cabinet and all these boards (thousands of positions that no longer have a chance of being purged of corruption unlike with Bernie). There will be MANY donors winning positions, of that you can be sure. Rather than people the most qualified for it and educated for it and who aren't corrupt but accountable.

I suspect the economy will again go to the Wall Street professionals and a renewed anger is hitting me.
Sickening article. 

"Blackstone, the private equity giant, scheduled a reception at the Barnes Foundation on Thursday with its president, Hamilton E. James, one of the leading Wall Street contenders for an economic policy post in a future Clinton administration."
This is distracting from more important issues such as election fraud.  Not newsworthy.  Just Hillary supporters talking trash.
The DNC couldn't be more wrong. Dr. West is way more into death metal.
10/10 thumbnail
Didn't have time to watch.  What does getting called "thrash" even mean?
You're getting riled up because of the opinion of someone who donated to Hillary's campaign ? Really ?
There is a plan for protest tonight, but I can not tell you what it is. You'll just have to wait and see. It's going to be great and it won't be breaking any rules.
[deleted]
The candidate that is more like Bernie is Jill Stein. 
She's the real deal.
Honestly, I can't even look at the woman anymore. Every time I see her, she just makes me mad. 

I couldn't listen to her speech, all I heard was lies lies lies. 
I'm going to really miss the birds flying when you upvote someone:)
Thank you and good bye!
[removed]
If you don't agree with that decision, and most of us don't then why should it close? We can ask Reddit mods to intervene. It has happened in the past. Mods can't force close it. 
In image form: http://i.imgur.com/OzTlMyk.png
google-fu + 2011 date range filter:

*"obama names dws as dnc chair" - up to 2011"*

https://www.google.ca/search?q=obama+names+DWS+as+dnc+chair&rlz=1C1CHBF_enCA695CA695&espv=2&biw=1605&bih=1047&source=lnt&tbs=cdr%3A1%2Ccd_min%3A%2Ccd_max%3A2011&tbm=

Obama's choice was cited as "ballsy" in this article:
http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2011/04/06/why-obamas-choice-of-debbie-wasserman-schultz-as-dnc-chair-will-help-the-democrats.html

>"Debbie Wasserman Schultz has no statewide, let alone national, experience. But as a tough-talking liberal who can work with Michele Bachmann, she might just be what the Dems need."


*'tim kaine dnc chair steps down" - up to 2011*

https://www.google.ca/search?q=tim+kaine+dnc+chair+steps+down&hl=en&biw=1605&bih=1047&source=lnt&tbs=cdr%3A1%2Ccd_min%3A%2Ccd_max%3A2011&tbm=

this article says Kaine had previously suggested he wasn't interested in running for Senate:
https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/politics/kaine-quits-dnc-enters-va-race-to-succeed-webb/2011/04/05/AFVI0KkC_story.html

>"Kaine had previously suggested that he wasnt interested in running for Senate. He was lobbied by senior Democrats in Virginia and across the country, most conspicuously by President Obama, a friend and political ally."

So Obama picked him for DNC chair in 2009, lobbied to get him to to run for Senate, and picked DWS to replace him.

I guess there is no guarantee that he would've won the Senate race either.





This helps explain why Clinton's selection of Kaine seems so maddeningly tone deaf - the position was already offered well before this election season began.
It's like watching house of cards! Except scary cause it's real.
FYI under Kaine's rule is when the DNC began to start losing thousands of congressional and state elections all across the country, which DWS worsened in her last few years. 
Nobody is pointing out that at the same time Kaine dropped out, he subsequently "raised" [over 6x the money of the average senator](http://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/summary.php?cid=N00033177&cycle=2014#funds) 


Now, under normal circumstances (i.e., a fair primary race) I would have swallowed my pride and just voted for Clinton in the general election to avoid Donald Trump. But the election fraud really blows that for me. All these people saying "Clinton won fair and square, you're just a sore loser. Fall in line." can go fuck themselves. The DNC admitted to helping Clinton. The proof is in the emails. This was a rigged primary and I'm not voting for a goddamn cheater.
Sounds believable but is it documented anywhere that he recommended her? 
I've seen this posted all over reddit. And still nobody has been able to answer my question: 

Why wouldn't Hillary just have Kaine puppeteer from the position himself? Why go through the extra step of appointing DWS to the position?
I read this on /r/conspiracy first from that 4chan post. Was 99% sure it would just get buried and forgotten about forever. 

Now I'm seeing it on every sub. I like this. 

Brb getting more popcorn and hoping this reaches critical mass. 
OK this is getting ridiculous. That voicemail is just a random Hillary supporter.
I hate to trouble a good conspiracy theory, but the outgoing chair of the DNC (Kaine) doesn't pick the replacement. Wasserman Schultz was selected for the position by President Obama. http://www.mcclatchydc.com/news/politics-government/article24619714.html
To go further on the conspiracy, guess who bowed out to Obama in 2008 only to become the nominee in 2016... HRC
Tin foil hat time...

The leaked emails don't show any evidence of rigging. They show that they didn't care for Bernie, but they don't show them actually planning and carrying out any moves to disadvantage him. 
I'm kinda confused as to why, if this is the case, wouldn't Kaine just agree to help rig it for Hillary if he was going to be in on it anyway?

Edit: Are we really that fickle that genuine questions are grounds for downvotes?
Whose voice is that in the voicemail?
This kind of feels like a 4chan raid.
This was originally posted on 4chan.
What do you think they are going to do to the election in November?
Conspiracy theories usually start with something true (the elite robs the people and cheats to maintain power) and then comes up with a crazy ass explanation that doesn't hold together.

The problem is the way that our system operates, not that DWS and HRC and TK conspired to promote themselves explicitly through a rigged process.  They dont need to commit electoral fraud because they have the tools to brainwash at least half of the electorate (apparently).

https://www.marxists.org/archive/marx/works/1848/communist-manifesto/
Its cute how they think we will just concede after this is public knowledge. No concessions. The DNC will answer for its corruption or bleed. 
I definitely believe there was some rigging involved but not this. If TK was corrupt enough to step down for a shot at VP he would also be corrupt enough to do her bidding from the inside without stepping down. There is no requirement for DWS to be that person. It's only a convenient point in the story. 
Those voicemails sound like they are just from an angry run-of-the-mill Democratic Party donor. She said something like she gave $300?
Oh, give me a break. There's rigging an election and then there's just political maneuvering.

Bernie lost because he wasn't a party member before he started campaigning and the top brass didn't like that. So they did everything within their legal power and some things that stepped into the shady grey area to stop him from winning the nomination. It crosses a line if there's proof of vote tampering or direct funding of the Clinton campaign from the party, etc.
If this is true, that means she knew she would president for 8 years.

All while collecting Wall Street money. A shame we'll never see those transcripts 
Just saying that the former DNC chair is the VP pick looks incredibly suspicious if the DNC is supposed to be neutral to candidates.
This is really really sad guys. Coming from someone who wanted Sanders to be president.
This is also related to why DWS was given a job on Hill's campaign, she has too much dirt on them and couldnt be left to her own devices.
It's not like we didn't know the party was full of shitbags.  The least we could have hoped for was to expose this obvious corruption.  We can now say this was achieved beyond doubt.  
Wtf? This has to be spread literally everywhere so people look into that. wtf, yo
Also the guy implicated in trying to rig RI in the leaks turned up dead yesterday morning.
This shit is *House of Cards* for fucking real.
That's some Game of Thrones shit right there.
Also sanders never fought for the nomination, i dont know why you guys act surprised by this result.
That is just a little too coincidental to be purely coincidental... 
Sometimes I get the feeling the establishment engineered this election so this would be the one that Trump has the best chance in. They wanted Hillary to go up against the worst candidate possible in order to secure her victory and lo and behold... Hillary vs Trump. 
share share share
So now just totally unsubstantiated rumor-mongering and conspiracy theory things are being upvoted to the top here, eh?
Is this actually a revelation?  I think it's been pretty common knowledge since Obama & Hillary made a deal in '08 - he would pay off her campaign debt, make her Secretary of State, put her campaign's co-chair up as the head of the DNC, and Hillary was to be the next nominee.

This is pretty standard politics.

Am I missing something new that was revealed?  I'm confused.
This feels more like it should belong in /r/conspiracy 

You guys are nutheads.
It's not like Tim Kaine is insanely qualified or anything
Abandon the two parties. Always vote 3rd party. The only wasted vote is one that supports a fundamentally corrupt system. Republicans are the party of Trump, Democrats are riddled with cronyism and hypocrisy as well. They are both bad choices for anyone who isn't currently employing lobbyists. Find a candidate who truly aligns with your values, and support them. 
only one anti-TPP candidate left, people.
I've noticed a lot of Correct The Record challenging both Trump and Bernie supporters on how the leaks don't prove the DNC was intentionally against Bernie and how the leaks only prove there was just chit chat with no actual action. Then I remembered back in June an interview where NBC asked Bernie about his religion and lo and behold it was being discussed by the DNC to ask Bernie about this to try and trap him on whether he was a Jew or an atheist. This was so Hillary could beat him in KY which she *barely* did. 

As far as I know this interview hasn't been linked to that leak in the media or anywhere on Reddit. This is a smoking gun on actual collusion between the DNC and the corporate media using propaganda and character assassination on the political opponents of Hillary.  


DNC setting up a spy against Bernie.

https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/4776

DNC discussing their PAC that had young voters pushing back against Bernie supporters online.

https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/8351

A mole reporting on Bernie.

https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7793

Chief Executive Officer of the DNC discussing trapping Bernie on his atheism/Jewish beliefs.

https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/11508

NBC then asks Bernie about his religious beliefs.

NBC: Religious faith important?

Bernie: Yes I'm a Jew and I agree with the Pope that people are worshiping money and we should take it from them. We're all Gods children.

http://www.nbcnews.com/meet-the-press/video/bernie-sanders-on-guns-clinton-and-capitalism-542497347638

Collusion between NBC\MSNBC and the DNC

To: Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz From: Luis Miranda CC: Ryan Banfill; Kate Houghton; Tracie Pough Date: May 2, 
2016 What: Off the Record Meeting with Phil Griffin, President of MSNBC

https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/8867

Why did NBC reportedly pay Chelsea Clinton $600,000 a year? The answer is equally obvious. Plainly, it was done to curry favor with the Clinton family.

http://www.latimes.com/business/hiltzik/la-fi-mh-why-did-nbc-pay-chelsea-clinton-20140616-column.html
this hypothetical stuff is driving me crazy. all less likely than the legitimate alternatives. takes 15 minutes of googling and an hour of reading to blow apart most claims about hillary
Lmao, OP presenting this to be a huge conspiracy theory and everyone lapping it up.

Yep, Hillary knew in 2016 she'd run for POTUS, so she lobbied Obama to instill a DNC chair that would make it easy for her to win (despite the fact that even 5 years ago she was the overwhelming favourite, seeing as the Democratic bench got destroyed in the Tea Party wave of 2010+ her 4 years of State Dept experience on top of her resum). However, Tim Kaine wouldn't step aside because he liked his position, so Obama and Hillary convinced him to not only quit, but also run for Senate in exchange for being HRCs running mate. Of course Kaine chose to do this because he was surely guaranteed to A). Win his Senate race and B). For Hillary to not, you know, die or anything in these 5 years. Nope he clearly threw away a beloved job for the promise of VP in 5 years IF they won reelection. 

I believe it. Makes complete sense right? It's not like a smart accomplished man such as Kaine would want to run for Senate to further his career. No no clearly all a political game by Clinton. Let's keep referencing a single source that says he was reluctant to run for Senate.
This Subreddit made him seem way more popular then he was.
Who's in the voicemail?  Doesn't seem to me like proof of much more than someone being irate.
This just keeps writing itself. 
democracy is dead :(  
If this corrupt cancer gets into the white house. She will spread it into every department of the federal government and it will never be removed. Bernie may not see it. But it sure is clear as hell to me.

Do not vote third party.  Do not stay home. 
Upvoted for visibility
House of Cards IRL. 
There are times like this where I am more and more thankful that the internet exists. 
At this rate with Hillary, maybe it doesn't matter if you vote for her or not. Maybe she'll rig the general election too. 
OP you should at least make an effort and credit 
[/u/ithoughtsobitch](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/4ur359/atheist_group_calls_for_dnc_cfo_to_resign_over/d5setqm?context=3). Person that actually made original comment yesterday. 
Yep.  Certainly voting Green.  They want us to play the short game and allow Trump to be the gun to our head.  They'll use platitudes of race baiting, wheel out the disabled and cry 'for the sake of the children!' to pander to your emotions and that it's a woman's time to shine just because of her vagina.  Pop culture has been cultivated to fit this Mcfeminist narrative (a true insult to the feminist narrative of equality based on mutual standards of merit, but now women can be just as corrupt as men!  Oh joy!).  Hollywood has doubled down on their anti-Russian narrative which is now used to detract from the content of leaks that expose widespread corruption.  Red vs Blue.  Everything is now a civil war, a race war.  The only war is class war.  The destruction of the environment and the rush for the oligarchs to accumulate as much wealth as possible before the impending environmental disasters could not be clearer.  Net neutrality will be next.  I will be sending a message of non compliance.  I'll take the bite now to avoid being swallowed later.  A globalized economy will bring about an enhanced neofeudalism like we've never seen--and it will be sold in a package of superficial social justice without any true economic change.  
What is *this*? Scooby Doo?
It's like real life House of Cards! Except this is for real and it's going to destroy this country....

Oh well, at least we can have funny jokes about it! Like this - If a Kingdom has a king, and an empire has and emperor, what's our country going to have?
My reaction to each one of these revelations as they've come out: Hahahaha we're so fucked.
You guys need to bail on the DNC altogether. 
So it's LITERALLY house of cards.
Holy fucking shit. No fucking way. 
I feel like we're watching real life House of Cards. 

Hillary Clinton is Frank Underwood, confirmed.
Oh wow. How does Obama come about with naming DWS as party chair?
blatant, overt corruption
What really fucking irks me is that they know they're gonna fucking get away with it, because people are fucking dumb. 
wait, the Wikileaks emails showed some staffers not liking Bernie and we think means he lost out on millions of votes? not sure if that passes the smell test
We don't know if this is a coincidence or if this is corruption, but it doesn't matter. In a functioning democracy, this wouldn't have happened just because of the RISK of it being corruption. We have a board that decides if the politicians are incompatible/partial/incompetent (don't know the exact correct word but I think it's one of those) to take a certain decision, and if they are they will appoint another person in charge of that decision. Do you not have this in america?
Damn. That's some shit.
House of Clintons
Cue house of cards music intro
omg
Ok so with all the stuff we seen recently with dnc and Hillary corruption pre planning shit and promising people vice president spot if they do certain things. Is anything going to happen or is it too late? Ill bet money on Hillary is going to win because the level of corruption. 
Rigged as in the media was biased towards Hillary? Or rigged as in Hillary was manipulating votes? Because the latter is fraud and would be taken very seriously. 
https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/13578
HOLY. SHIT.
Nepotism.
https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/4091
If he could be bought, then couldn't they just get him to do it without stepping down?  How is DWS on the inside more valuable then Tim Kaine in the inside?
https://youtu.be/krD4hdGvGHM
The Democratic Party is definitely the best place for a political revolution. You've convinced me finally.
I decided to become a Democrat immediately after hearing Hillary's statement, live on the radio, rationalizing her bullshit decision to support the invasion of Iraq in 2003. I became a Democrat to vote in the primaries, because I felt I had to chose a side in the fight against the incompetent and extremist Bush regime. 

I stayed in the party, I told myself, as long as Howard Dean was still fighting the good fight. 

Now, I'm an independent again.
...It all makes sense now. I was wondering how they got DWS in there in the first place. That explains it.
So, when my choices are a narcissistic clown or a corrupt Hillary, why shouldn't I vote for Gary Johnson and Bill Weld?

Usually I've considered Libertarians as just Republicans who want to smoke weed, who like all the privileges of society but none of the restrictions. Yet it's hard not to conclude that four years of Johnson wouldn't be preferable to four years of Clinton or Trump.
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B6J1ecILnk3UUy1KZ2FUT29iQ1E/view?pref=2&pli=1
This is some serious game of thrones shit
Wow. Any chance the MSM will connect the dots and actually report this. So frustrating there's nothing we can do. I'm a republican by the way. But as an American citizen this angers me. Straight outta Olivia Pope's campaigning
Four years ago I'd have laughed at this.

Now...

I don't know. I just don't know anymore. Of course, it might be total baloney, but my uncertainty all by itself is a sign of how fucked up the DNC has gotten. At best it's grossly incompetent.
https://youtu.be/4eLaIBIjpYM?t=2m6s
Holy shit
All of the shit that got him to the position of running mate aside, Kaine seems to have very agreeable political stances:

\+ agrees that climate change exists and we need to fight it

\+ is for creating off-shore wind farms and renewable energy in general

\- is for fracking (but voted to keep the bill that tries to make sure it doesn't fuck groundwater up)

\- is for off-shore oil and gas drilling (I don't think this is all that terrible, we're still addicted to oil)

\+ wants to uphold Roe v. Wade despite being a Catholic (though wants to have late-term abortions be performed only when carrying out a pregnancy would be dangerous for the mother; I'm pro choice but this feels pretty reasonable for me).

\+ is all for evidence-based sexual education (he wanted to reduce teen pregnancy by a focus on abstinence-focused education, but cut off funding for abstinence-only education - solid). He got a perfect score from Planned Parenthood as a senator.

\+ is for same-sex marriage and equal rights

\+ is "generally pro-union"

\+ is for increasing minimum wage

+? I can't say I fully understand foreign politics of USA so I won't try to get into detail here, but he doesn't seem to be a fan of wars

\+ personally opposes capital punishment, but presided over eleven executions; had one guy moved to life imprisonment without parole from the death row because the guy was deemed mentally incompetent (I feel like this can be interpreted as either him being spineless or him being willing to do what the office requires without the personal beliefs preventing him from action; from what I have read about him, I would lean towards the latter interpretation)

\+ is against expanding death penalty

+/- is a gun owner, but at the same time is for extended background checks, limits on magazine size and "combat-style weapons"

\+ is for increased financial regulation

\+ supports expiring tax cuts for incomes over $500,000

**\- supports TPP**

\+ supports Obamacare

+/- wants to reform immigration laws to allow illegal immigrants to gain legal status by paying a fine and taxes in certain cases

Overall - he seems like a rational and stand-up dude. He also seems to be able to change his stance on things as new information becomes available.

In most cases I either fully agree with his stances or at the very least find them agreeable (with exception of TPP).

Without having much time to look into him in-depth, I would have him be the next POTUS over Hillary and Trump.
Question

So why did Obama try to give DWS the boot last fall?

Why are not funding this?
Awesome story, but all you're gonna do is complain about it, and her plan is still happening. 
>...Hillary had to get DWS in charge of the DNC and manipulate it from the inside.

Jesus Christ, guys. 

HAHAHAHAHAHAHA...HA
The DNC definitely needs improvement, and the Clinton Machine is a problem. That said, Bernie got most of the things he wanted on the platform and will fight for them moving forward. That is why him and my family are with her. That said Debbie W Schultz is an embarrassment (I say that as a fellow UF graduate) and it is disappointing that Hillary hired her, but not surprising whatsoever. 
FBI let Hillary slither away because Trump and Sanders are threats and if Hillary goes down so does a big chunk of the DNC and Hillary's buddies
Really, man? That's your proof? This subreddit has gone to the dogs. Hillary hates Debbie. Everyone knows that.
How dumb is this?

Why wouldn't she just have Kaine stay on, have Kaine help her thru the primary, and then give him the VP slot?

Not a word of this conspiracy makes sense.


https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/07/25/the-democratic-convention-is-chaotic-the-democratic-base-isnt/

Righttt......
Holy shit. I'm still voting for Clinton though. If there was a reasonable Republican running for POTUS, I might have wanted to vote for him/her, but...Trump. Never Trump
What exactly did the dnc do in order to get more votes for Clinton? 
[deleted]
Wow. I don't know what to say. 
Guess what, I know Tim Kaine. He wanted the Senate. They couldnt have guaranteed him that Senate seat back when he won it. It was not an easy race. And what if he had lost? No VP. Your patterns are cute, but ill say this as condescendingly as humanly possible, grow up. 
I used to be very anti Hillary because of this sub. I really thought I might have to choke it down and vote for trump. I simply can't do that. If I start to see that anyone besides these 2 have a chance, I'll vote for whoever the third party is. But if my choices are vote for Hillary or let Trump win, I just can't let Trump win ESPECIALLY after he made Pence his VP. I'd much rather suffer through 4 years of Clinton than 4 years of Trump
DWS will be in HRC's cabinet should she win, in all likelihood. :/
and? quid pro quo makes the political world go round.  Favoritism and bias are real but I dont think they equate to systemic cheating. How did the DNC make dem voters pick Hillary instead of Bernie? I've seen a few stories of minor instances where things were mishandled but nothing that would have ensured a HRC win.  Is there any evidence of actual wrong doing?  I'm genuinely curious. Is there evidence that if DNC was really neutral the outcome would have been any different?
And someone might ask "if they own Kaine, why wouldnt they just tell him to be their inside guy?"

Its because they only own him because they promised the vice presidency 2016 to him. If he rigs the system and then becomes her running mate its obvious collusion. but DWS is like Francis Underwood's "Doug Stamper" in house of cards. Hillary already owns DWS.

Also consider that DWS jumped off the DNC once Hillary's nomination is secure.
Please, at least give credit.
Makes you wonder what she has on Joe Biden to keep him from running.
You literally copied and pasted that text.
How does this mean it was rigged? I don't understand how the Democratic Party actively conspired against Bernie. Not enough people knew him, that's why he lost. 
So politicians were doing favors for eachother? Whooooa. Call me when it's a real scandal.
Feel the Bern in the Johnson
Alright, this is excellent. But how do we connect DWS directly to the rigging?
Huh.  Funny coincidence.

Oh well, Hastag-ImWithHer because we've had too many filthy cis white male PIGS in the white house, DAE men are all rapists anyway?

For real though, while Bernie and Trump, policy wise, are basically on whole different ends of the spectrum, I generally liked both of them for being outside corruption like this, although I see problems with both.  While neither of them would have been my first choice, it looks like I'll be losing my presidential-voting-virginity on Trump, because forget having Clinton for president.   (or Kaine for VP)
okay wait, something doesn't make sense here. If Clinton was in cahoots enough with Kaine to get him to step down for the VP spot, why didn't they just use him to manipulate the DNC instead of debbie. why did they have to get debbie to be the chair? 
Bernie was on the ballot. He got less votes. He lost. Get over yourselves.
I thought this subreddit was being shut down. 
Omg this election was so rigged. Omg
This doesn't surprise all of us over 30
I'm British and the prospect of Trump as president is terrifying. As harmful this kind of thing is to democracy, isn't it time to unite against Trump and go with Hillary? I don't think this kind of thing will call for any real change, but it may sway unsure voters towards Trump. I guess I'm saying "Support the lesser evil". 
I'm enraged!! How can we do something about it? Who do we call upon to make these criminals pay!?
Wiki leaks didn't confirm Bernie was cheated out of the election.
And now you get a ban for even implying CTR in r/politics. I'm sure they aren't there at all /s
Serious question. Did anyone expect the DNC and Democrat establishment not to be against Bernie and do what they could to be against him? I'm not sure if I would have felt as comfortable voting for him otherwise. 
Still would've lost 
When is a horse dead enough to end beating it?
Has anyone considered that Bernie just lost? He was pretty far left but did fantastic, all things considered. I think progressives have a hell of a future with that kind of support from the young.  Hillary could even be knocked-out after 4 years.

Please consider what another loss for the GOP would do for liberalism and to sweep their garbage out the door for good. A Trump win could be devastating to the country and certainly for progressivism for a long time.
Then why wouldn't she just have Tim Kaine himself manipulate the party from within if he's willing to bend to her will for rewards?
This is some House of Cards shit.
Wow. That's something straight out of Yes, Minister. Only, y'know, not funny.
this is satire? I can't tell anymore..
Anyone remember this? http://www.dailydot.com/layer8/kim-dotcom-hillary-clinton-julian-assange-wikileaks-presidential-campaign/
WHAT. THE. FUCK. 
Guys, scandal, house of cards, that stuff is entertainment. Our leaders are not that competent and don't actually have some kind of advanced foresight or increased ability to keep secrets the rest of us don't possess. Sure there is some shady stuff that happens, but Tim Kaine as VP is not some 8 year long power conspiracy in the making. People do secretive, shady, and unethical things to help their friends everywhere. There's no shadow organization controlling us. 

The DNC like every other organization in America did something unethical they honestly thought was in their own best interest. Yeah they goofed big time and Hillary is even less likely to win me over, but this isn't Enron level or even VW level. Hell it's not even illegal, just unethical. I guarantee you the RNC was trying to do all the same things to stop Donald.
Folks.  Maybe it's time to quit trying to pick the lesser of the evils.  These two choices...they are bad.  Maybe it's third party time.  Like, for real.
In fairness, Obama nominated Schultz and, in 2011, there was no way to predict Hillary would need her as the DNC chair to oust Sanders. Plus, the selection had to be confirmed by the DNC membership. Might look bad at first glance, but this is a bit of a stretch. 
Tim Kaine has literally been in the conversation of presidential material for a decade.

This is a case of uprising swing state democrats gaining power and crossing paths. Howard Dean was DNC chair too. They're all in the same party, of course they all try to help each other. I don't really see the salaciousness here, even if it's true, though it's literally complete speculation. Occham's razor easily explains this as just simply politics viewed as a conspiracy. Yes, deals are made all the time. The only thing crooked is DWS acting impartial in the primary campaign, and we already know she was. That's enough, without making up new conspiracies that aren't really conspiracies.
It's all a big game to the Clintons. They're preferable to Trump but that's not saying much. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0MK7qz13bU
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B6J1ecILnk3UUy1KZ2FUT29iQ1E/view?pref=2&pli=1

The proof. 
House of cards?
Edit: no [this](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-yjtqtfH5J6I/UAAs1IjGDBI/AAAAAAAACpU/q6tU4QMdwHQ/s1600/eyeswide2.jpg)
Wow! Ruthless, crooked and dirty criminal. I urge you all to watch "Clinton Cash" you can find it on youtube for free now. The most chilling part of the Clinton Cash pattern of behavior comes from the books authors response to what he thinks would happen if she wins:

"Bill has said he's going to continue giving speeches and raising money for the Clinton Foundation. If HRC wins, we ain't seen nothing yet."


I watched a TV show so I know how politics work now.
Ahh bernie bros... yawn, stop complaining. You lost, bernie was gracious enough to support the more popular candidate. Sorry peeps.
Ooh! This is fun. Let me try- but admittedly, I may be plagiarizing a TINY BIT from a hit show on Netflix, however minor. 

Ahem. 

Hillary Clinton, the famed succubus who was known to be clawing her way to ultimate power, partially by engaging as a power couple with her heathen husband BILL, began intuiting that a small time reporter was hot on her tail, with the intentions of blowing open her evil deeds. So, Crooked Evil Hillary lures the unsuspecting James Foley to the L'Enfant Plaza metro station, WASHINGTON DC, and while he's at his peak vulnerability PUSHES HIM INTO AN ONCOMING TRAIN. 

Now, Hillary having connections to the most precise people, manages to recover his body and delivers, in person, to ISIS headquarters. Having had long-spanning relations with the terrorist heads, they come to a mutual agreement to feign the beheading of the reporter and post the video on the Internet to further push Hillary's corrupt and evil plan to profit off of the fears and stupidity of the American people. Then Sanders loses and shebecomespresidentfuckman,theend. 
We really need to know who encouraged Tim Kaine to leave and who promoted DWS. Without that, what do we have?
jfc 
it's strange that the DNC rather create a fake image than acknowledge Sander supporters are vital to winning the presidency

it's like the votes don't matter

perhaps those vote rigging machines will come in play again?
I want Donald Trump to win to spite the Democratic party. Have them reap what they sew.
From what I hear I should really check out House of Cards eh??
when did this sub come back lol i thought it was shut down
They should just rename this sub Trump for President 
And? Trump is an unbelievable racist who wants ONLY Wanton destruction. Sorry your little (big) ego has been hurt but grow up.
No, Bernie Sanders was not cheated out of the election. Stop acting like a child.
Hey geniuses. She obtained the needed number of votes for the nomination. Even without super delegates, she still got the votes. That was the will of the people. 
Very good! You are finally understanding how politics works! A bit of self-awareness on this lackluster sub. People make deals for the future to ensure their success. Surprise, surprise. 

You really broke the code ;)

paid for by CTR
Yeah for sure its all a big conspiracy to bring down Bernie, nothing to do with Hillary getting more votes, no sir, couldn't be that.
Can't wait til this now cesspool of a sub shuts down. One more day.
This is the post that made me unsub from what has become a paranoid shell of the political movement I'm still committed to.
Good luck with your foil hats and 0 electoral votes for Jill Stein.
Can someone please remove this link for negative campaigning and shut down this sub already! We're with Hillary now, you had your little "revolution" but it's time to enter the real world and embrace MAKING HISTORY!!!! As a woman of color you have no idea how important this is!!! LOVE TRUMPS HATE!!!
I wrote this article. It's thoroughly fact checked. I submitted it to newspapers but they won't touch it. Please help by spreading this information through social media.
Thank You.

I suggest the British Guardian?

Maybe we can get this link in comments sections of major newspapers.

I can try to sneak the link in the NY Times.
Nicely written article. One other thing worth mentioning regarding the JVF is that Victory Funds have historically been used as a means to coordinate fundraising during the general election, NOT the primaries. Romney's Victory Fund in 2012 didn't start accepting donations until right after he clinched the nomination.

This fact is hardly mentioned by the media and goes to further show how the DNC worked against Bernie during the primaries. 
the gray lady has a black heart.
I find it interesting that in all those wikileaks there is not a single email from HRC to soemone like DWS who is a really good friend. I wonder if these are the ones in the upcoming leaks
Its crazy, but Daily Mail actually is reporting on the corruption more than other sources, I guess its for the scandal aspect, but at least they are reporting. Maybe try there.

Also PLEASE keep digging on the HVF, that is where the story is. That is the only time in the emails, when the DNC arrogance implodes and they actually get nervous about Bernie or others bringing it up. 
You are the real journalist! It's a number's game flood it.

How about the New York Daily News? What about Mother Jones?Fox News?
How about also letters to the editor  or just jamming it into the comments section.
Thank you. Great Job. 
I can try to sneak the link in comments sections of major newspapers.
How about also letters to the DNC emails on Wikileaks?
Glass Money ceiling shattered! http://pre01.deviantart.net/9375/th/pre/i/2016/210/9/b/glassceiling_by_espry0n-dabs305.jpg
God this election is just so dirty. Before 2016 I had always known shady things were occurring in the halls of power but I did not expect the DNC to have SO MUCH influence over the press. This is disgusting to be honest.
You are the ones in the emails, when the DNC arrogance implodes and they have good SEO.
CLEARLY, there is a LOT of DAMAGE CONTROL about the HILLARY VICTORY FUND even to the point of referencing it as the "Joint Victory Fund" although officially and in FEC and Open Secrets it IS the HILLARY Victory Fund. 

This story needs MORE attention.  Matt Taibbi just did a piece on it but he didn't go into the nuts and bolts of why they are trying to hide stories on it.  Why is that?  There are election law violations here.  That's what the Sanders campaign's lawyer Brad Deutsch was referring to in his open letter to DWS.  

Drill down to the REAL story here.  Hillary's campaign COO, Beth Jones, was handling the funds, NOT the DNC treasurer, Andrew Tobias.  And Marc Elias was representing BOTH the Victory Fund AND the Hillary for America campaign while at the same time, representing the DNC.  THERE IS A LOT MORE TO THIS STORY.  That is why they are trying to bury it.
Up vote this please!
CounterPunch?
Wooooow. It's appalling how much the MSM and the DNC conspired against Bernie. WHY can't they just accept that the people want a true change agent as president? 
Vote green and hope they get 5% of the vote and Trump doesn't fuck it up too bad.  In 4 years, we have a chance of getting a real progressive party on the ticket. 
See you there and hopefully other subs like /r/politicalprogressives as well!
It's been amazing. A giant political movement out of thin air, populated by strangers who've never met but have similar goals.  It was something I'm proud to not only have been a witness to, but an active participant in.  I look forward to coalescing around similar goals in the near future with you all.  It will be a literal riot and figurative riot!  GET TO THE CHOPPPER! 
It is bull that we are going to lose this sub 225k+ most will not move over and we have to start all over again. Sad to see it happen just over the mods not liking the name of the sub. The community should have the final decision.
r/nprogparty
You can and should join Political Revolution sub but we are not closing a community of 225K.  We have many good people and we can get good mods when the current ones leave.
Voting for Hillary is voting for corruption and the theft of the primary.
We have nothing to lose even by VOTING for one because no be owns our votes.
Support and vote for whomever you want, and stand up to anyone who gives you shit about it. People keep bringing up Nader, who earned my swing state vote in 2000. "But the Iraq war," they say, you're responsible for that! But I'm not. I protested in the streets of DC in attempt to stop that war, as did most other Nader supporters I know. It's the fucking Gore supporters who didn't show up to stop it. If they took the streets, willing to go to jail, at the same rate as Nader voters did, then we would have had 20 million people in the streets. That's enough to stop any government action. Same thing if Trump gets elected: any bullshit fascist crap he tries to pull, we Stein voters will be taking the streets and doing whatever else we can to stop it. If the Clinton voters don't it's on them. Voting is the easiest and least important part of political action.
Jane: "He thinks things through, I feel them through."
Cant click on cnn links, is there a youtube version?
Fighting for something like this

https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4uqb49/how_bernie_could_have_began_an_independent_run/

would really help the entire future
/r/nprogparty
I would like to know how something like this could be worked out.  
Bernie doesn't want to run anymore. His best bet if he did would be to run Green party since they are already on the ballot in every state.
We aready have as clinton was making her last speech. Enough is enough.
Watch for bernie in august
[deleted]
it's 4:15 here on the east coast...what's the deal?! Where is this event taking place? being covered? Is it even happening anymore???
I'm hoping it will have coverage here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LGukgRDv-I
Here's a link to her appearance on MSNbc, which i'm pretty sure was from today https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IaJBEHFuEpc
[deleted]
Do what we can for the rest of this cycle. Get progressives in office, out the republicans and establishment democrats. And then start getting involved in your own local government. run for a public office and go up the ladder. Bernie started as a mayor and is now a senator
You need to realize this is a long game.  Be patient.  You will find a place for your passion and energy in this movement. 
>Never forget your sense of outrage.

The battle is over, but the fight is not. Channel your energy at the local, state or federal level and help get progressives elected.

The revolution cannot be stopped.
Throw your energy into local races.  It's a fantastic tonic for all this nonsense.
Go join the Greens.  That's where the next phase of the revolution will occur.   
Nothing we can do now, the whole Dem party has now become the Centrist Corporate Fascist party owned by the American Oligarchs.  There will be too many nested dolls of corruption now.
Now is the time to phonebank for Tim Canova as soon as you wake up tomorrow. Registration deadline for the primary is Aug 1!

https://timcanova.com/phonebank/
We are all angry, upset and lost.  We have experienced a bitter defeat and it is very easy to be scared in the futility of our rage. It is imperative that we take time to grieve, to heal and to adjust ourselves to this new reality.  I for one am re-deliberating my choices.  This [debate](http://www.democracynow.org/2016/7/26/who_should_bernie_voters_support_now) while far from convincing me, prompted me to ask the right questions - questions that we have to be asking ourselves.  These are the questions that can guide you out of this quagmire, regardless of whether you go for one side or the other.
But we just started,  please don't lose hope.  We are many, we are strong,  we're pretty pissed off but it's our country.  Bernie was the spark, we are the fuel. In Solidarity Forever!

The Real Work

By Wendell Berry

It may be that when we no longer know what to do
we have come to our real work,

and that when we no longer know which way to go
we have come to our real journey.

The mind that is not baffled is not employed.

The impeded stream is the one that sings. 
Be like Bernie (BTW, he is an Independent).  Whatever happens, be smart and do what you can about it.  I think our best support for Bernie lies in getting every young voter to the polls in November armed with enough information to vote in the most progressive candidates on the ballot.  Join /r/Political_Revolution to help you keep track of who they are and what you can do.  The most established progressive party in this country is Green.  We can help them enormously.  I think if Bernie was young now, he would go Green.  People will tell you we "can't" have a 3d party, but they are the same people who said Bernie could not win any primaries.  If you can run for office yourself, do it ASAP. 
Bernie wil be setting up mass organizing , house parties, and campaigning again in mid august. 

In the mean time please take the time to reflect and please learn all you can about what happened to the delegates at the convention. Search deep and alternative media. The main stream twists and ignores most.

There were many alternative media there the felt very angry at the establish media and very open to give delegates interviews and a chance to tell thier story.

Hold the DNC accoubtable, get better people in. Help yank the dems out of thier cold war republican third way coma.
Read the Rolling Stone interview with Jane.....
Found the link:

http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/features/jane-sanders-why-bernie-voters-shouldnt-get-over-it-w431428
Vote for stein
Hope you feel better soon. 
Keep fighting! Don't let the efforts of our delegates do to waste! Regardless of who you vote for make sure you vote down ballot progressive and continue to yell and shout.
Yes, which is why I am Demexiting
Thanks for invite, but I don't believe I'll invest a lot of time in a reddit that might be "raged quit".
thats not how it works mods put it the top bar or you kill the community
What?! This is the first time I've ever heard of this sub. Have you ever mentioned on here before?
This is an argument for keeping this subreddit up that I had not considered, and a good one it is. I commend you on looking at both sides of things and using this sub as a resource to see other opinions!  This is the kind of awareness that people need to have. 
Through Bernies whole campaign I felt we had a voice but the DNC and the state of this sub reddit are destroying it. Please don't shut it down!
Yes mods, please listen to the will of the people and keep it open, also open for posting.
It's a deplorable action to shut this sub. They need to let someone else take over, someone needs to contact the admins.
I made a post asking them to not close it also wasn't showing up though. 
> I am calling on all mods to listen to the community

> The community doesn't care about the name of the sub, this is the biggest political organizing subreddit. We can not just throw this organizing machine away. Redirecting to another sub is not the same. To any mods that feel overwhelmed by the subreddit I just want to say Thank you for all you have done for our political revolution and for putting tireless and thankless hours into it. We thank you for your hard work, it is ok for you to take a break or to retire but the community of this sub does not want to retire. [We will never lose our sense of outrage](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fuIWNCA2xV0) and [We will not go gentle into the night. We will Rage Rage into the dying of the light.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SlMJs0AxSyM)
Locked out of the convention, locked out of the sub.  Is that how you want to roll mods?

If you are tired of moderating the sub pick some new people.
The mods are working with Clinton's campaign and are shutting this sub down under their request. They think shutting down this sub is going to help silence the negativity toward Hillary. Her campaign is really pissed off because they thought everything would be perfect once she got away with the FBI and got rid of Bernie Sanders. They don't understand how much worse they're making it for themselves by doing crap like this.
So much this. I know I check this sub reddit for so much more than just Bernie. 
90+% of the subscribers responded firmly that the sub should remain open/running. Why the fuck  did you ask for our opinion, if you're going to ignore us anyway? I assure you we're not going to allow this without a fight.
I suggest that people step forward who are willing to take over for the mods. There is hardly an excuse they can make for not doing it. Let us overwhelm them with people willing to take over the job. 
This is news to me, literally why on earth would they shut it down besides to feel powerful for a brief moment? 
The mods are working with HRC and that is why they are shutting this sub down (or archiving it).
Yea it's pretty dumb that they would shut the subreddit down its brought. A lot of people into the fold
This just in. R/SandersForPresident dies in a freak helicopter accident. Nothing to look into there.
No need to shut this down.  
There is still hope.
Keep this sub open. We might need it in 14 months after the Trump administration is overthrown by the CIA and new elections are called. (I'm only being 60% sarcastic.)
I am in the same boat as you. I really want to hear what things are like from those who aren't crazy and blind enough to vote for Hillary. I don't agree with everything Bernie says, but I can get behind what he is for. This movement is really inspiring to me. I think Trump's movement is inspiring too, but I am a part of it. 
This sub is basically just the SRS of /r/politics over the past two weeks or so. All of the direction for the "revolution" is gone and everyone is running around with their heads cut off
The admins can fix this problem.

They need to hear your voice.
   
The admins fixed another massive sub like this one when the mods shut it down.
[removed]
The only thing I can think of is to message /u/spez.

This is what I am direct messaging him. I invite you to do the same.

/r/SandersForPresident is one of the largest communities on the entire site.

It has gone beyond a campaigning resource for Bernie Sanders and turned into one of the most diverse, informative and vibrant sources of news for the progressive community and beyond.

[Read this self-post by this Trump supporter](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4uyi95/dont_shutdown_this_subreddit/?st=ir6q41k8&sh=793de105) who uses /r/SandersForPresident to stay informed on news and opinions outside of his political bubble.

It is **unconscionable** that because a few mods are burnt-out and power-tripping, that a community of well over 200,000 Redditors, the vast majority of whom want /r/SandersForPresident to stay open, will be silenced.

Please do not let this happen. Let the community vote on new mods and transfer administration of the subreddit over to them.
Please keep it open!
cant they change the name to Sanders for America or something
I *knew* there were a lot of drumpf supporters here.  Ugh.
Absolutely agree. 
+1 vote for Shut It Down.  It's just a target for trump trolls fishing for angry Sanders folks.  There are plenty of other sub-reddits.  Why drag a subreddit with over a year of positive discussion through the mud at the end of the process?
LIAR!  You have only posted once on reddit before in two years.  Plus, most of the posts here are wrong anyway.
[deleted]
why would you be a Trump supporter? 
This subreddit is overrun with Trumpite fools like you and that is precisely why this subreddit should be shut down. This subreddit is devolving into a purposeless, petulant, group-think mob that cares more about lashing out than thinking clearly about what we need to do to move forward, and it is doing so because of a steady stream of The Donald bullshit.

Throwing temper tantrums, even if they are justified, is not going make an progress. Berniecrats must unite in the same peaceful, well reasoned solidarity that brought us together.
>First things first. I am a trump supporter.

I stopped reading after this. This simple 5 word sentence sums up exactly why this sub needs to be shut down on Friday. 

We are not about to become useful idiots for trump, we will continue our revolution the proper way in the proper subs.
Lol this isn't a place for progressive news. It's a place to bash Clinton and post conspiracy theories.

It's time ta go.
Let's do Bernie a favor and shut down this sub. Most of this remaining sub is out of step with Bernie's current position. I'm starting to feel bad for the guy because so many supporters are disgracing his brand that he's fought so hard to make. 
Yes, considering this place is mostly being used by trolls and Trump supports to manipulate people to Trump, keep it open forever.
/r/political_revolution 
When the President of the United States of America tells you that there is nothing you can do to stop your vote being stolen and stripped from you, why the fuck are you more outraged about a subreddit getting shut down?

There is no line in the stand for which you stand for.  
I am now reading Political Revolution  but I will deeply miss this time in my life and fighting for Bernie and reading this sub... as we all will... the grief is real even as we move forward.
Thank you so much for everything you have contributed here...I am 61, disabled, and I have spent every day for the past 6-7 months on this site, learning more about our country than I have ever learned in my lifetime...I made GOTV/C calls whenever I could, thanks to the organizing and encouragement of the other passionate Sanders supporters on this sub...I will miss it more than even I can imagine...
We can go hunger strike for days near Benie's residence with peaceful sit in with banners requesting Bernie to run as 3rd party candidate , and not to break the strike until he agrees to run as 3rd party Candidate for presidency" . we can beg him to do this for US
I've waited to express a similar gratitude. It wasn't easy, it wasn't quick,it certainly wasn't cheap, and they no doubt had a crushing and draining week cut out for them.  But they tried everything, and went above and beyond what I would have expected of them, and fought the good fight to the very end.

If any delegates are reading this, thank you so much for going through all of this. While this wasn't the desired outcome, I couldn't be more impressed by your efforts, and I feel like we who wanted Bernie have been represented 110%.
We love you!  Thank you- everyone of you is a hero!
It looks kinda phony to me. But who knows.
Exactly. If the DNC gets Hillary in office, they learned that they can still get away with it. 
I agree with you. Let's not vote for the lesser of the two evils. Green or bust!
Call your local DVM. They may to able to help you switch your parties affiliation. 
Check this site: https://www.usa.gov/register-to-vote#item-212825
I just went to my state democratic site. Then I looked up how to resign and you can fill it out online. Then I sent in my application for Green. Then I double checked to make sure I was off the dem rolls.
So look online first some states have it online. Others it is the DMV.
If she wins:

After the election we have no leverage anymore.

After the election she will flip flop faster than the speed of light.


Did she sprinkle that with fairy dust?
How are you going to hold her to it?
Hillary is just a George Soros puppet, bought and paid for, as is this whole election by him and the Koch bros together with other global elite players---the competitive elections are cheorographed to keep the population "at heel" by offering an illusion of choice!  

http://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2016-03-15/soros-alarmed-by-trump-pours-money-into-2016-race

http://www.opensecrets.org/news/2010/09/opensecrets-battle-koch-brothers/

>[George Soros](http://nlpc.org/stories/2010/07/09/george-soros-new-plan-globalism-and-crony-capitalism)  the Godfather to the left. 


>[Koch Bros](http://www.westernjournalism.com/koch-brothers-george-soros-fear/) on the right.



>Election Justice USA has established an upper estimate of 184 pledged delegates lost by Senator Bernie Sanders as a consequence of specific irregularities and instances of fraud. Adding these delegates to Senator Sanders pledged delegate total and subtracting the same number from Hillary Clintons total would more than erase the 359 pledged delegate gap between the two candidates. EJUSA established the upper estimate through exit polling data, statistical analysis by precinct size, and attention to the details of Democratic proportional awarding of national delegates. Even small changes in vote shares in critical states like Massachusetts and New York could have substantially changed the media narrative surrounding the primaries in ways that would likely have had far reaching consequences for Senator Sanders campaign.   
Section four concludes by calling for decertification of the 2016 Democratic primary results in over 20 states...

Not a mention of this report by any speaker at the convention. No effort by the current administration to address the electoral fraud issue that has been publicized throughout the primary. Democracy?
Read the ENTIRE thing yesterday.  It is a work of art.  Everyone needs to not only read it but circulate it widely.
Here is Cliff Arnebeck and Bob Fitrakis, talking about the upcoming case they have been working on:

https://youtu.be/_IAJ5fAm3Cs?t=4m58s

[edited] for better accuracy based on below comment.
The Exit Polling methodology is a *very* poor analysis. I can't speak for the rest of the report but that section does not adhere to any level of statistical rigor.
Being a rich elite scumbag......the have a different set of rules from us regular folk
Fear, money, and a vast web of political connections -  that's a serious insurance policy.  It's difficult to hold someone accountable if you don't know whether everyone else in the room will be on your side and in favor of biting the hand that feeds or if you'll wind up a blacklisted political has-been or worse.

HRC would have to do something so egregious she couldn't escape it to receive any kind of justice at this point.  She's been cultivating loyalty for years.
Highly unethical, maybe legal, Hillary 2016
I've been asking that same question over and over. It's utterly insane.




Personally, I can't believe all that has taken place in the last few months. I've never felt so much discontent towards our political system before. From the CTR trolls, to the blatant election fraud, its all been a wild terrible ride. All I do is ask myself where exactly are the appropriators of justice? Where are the Smedly Butler's of our time?
Because our government is not a democracy. 
Corrupt media and appathetic citizens
In America, as long as you're a proven asset to people who want to stay rich & powerful, rules & laws are suggestions & nuisances that can be broken to please the rich & powerful.

Power hates equality. It's a threat to be neutralized by any means necessary.
"The Best Democracy Money Can Buy" Greg Palast  
http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2004/03/diebolds-political-machine
Money, and by manipulating public opinion. Same as always. 

She has high end lawyers and politician friends who will do whatever they can to help her squeeze out of any legal problems. 

Similar to Mary Queen of Scots being saved from execution several times by Queen Elizabeth, despite several plots to steal the crown. 
The primaries are not governed as federal elections and thus political parties can make up their own nominating rules. They aren't even required to hold a vote; they can choose their nominee via a coin flip if they want to. Basically a politcal party can rig their own system as much as they want because they make up the rules of their party and nomination process, and are the governing body that sees to it those rules are followed. 

If there is corruption throughout a political party, as has been the case in both the DNC and the RNC this election cycle (but moreso the DNC), there is little that can be done to combat it. Ultimately it comes down to the general election in November, and that's a bit harder to rig.

That being said, the companies who make the voting machines and software are clinton foundation donors, so there may be some collusion going on there. I think the public will overwhelmingly come to support Trump now that Sanders is out of the picture, but the actual election results could easily be manipulated if most of the voting is done digitally. 
Said candidate and husband have been bleeding this country dry and committing fraud and disaster to individuals and the public for many decades.  Apparently with the complicity of many, many other public officials.  Comes quite easy to them and their accomplices who also benefitted.  Time to fight back. 

Obviously there's sufficient evidence to convince myself and everyone here, but a mob of angry citizens saying someone is guilty isn't going to make things happen. Innocent until proven guilty--has to be a very large investigation and it'd be one that probably takes months or more than a year even. 

Downvote me if you want folks but thems the rules and they're the same ones that are meant to protect the rights of people like you and I. Not saying such an investigation would go anywhere whatsoever where HRC or other high ranking officials are concerned but that's how shit works. 
Because "Fuck the little people, I do what I want ! " -Hillary 2016. 
No evidence of any fraud or rigging has been shown, as far as I can tell.
Obama pardons her and the shitshow continues
Then Donald Trump almost certainly will be our next president and Bernie supporters who predicted such a scenario can take pyrrhic victory away from it.
No need to worry. She is above the law. The law is meant to keep little people like you and me in line.
Hell freezes over, apparently.
If, for some reason, a major party's candidate discontinues their campaign, I believe both the Democrats and the Republicans have a similar procedure written into their bylaws. Basically, there would be an emergency meeting where the governing committee of the party could select a replacement nominee. It could be the ex-candidate's running mate or someone else entirely.

At that point, you get Trump unfortunately.  Unless someone is able to step in as an "independent" (someone like Bloomberg, who has a ton of money)
I think she will be indicted, and it might even be before Nov., as far who will take her place, the DNC is trying to figure that out right now. In the watergate scandal the VP became the president but Nixon was already president at the time, in which Ford (the VP) pardoned Nixon (Nixon resigned) and Ford became the president.
With all this hate we have for Hillary there is no way she can win unless she riggs votes again. We need voter accountability. Some kind of paper trail we can verify
This is why Jill Stein has to climb in polls and become a viable choice *before* such an occurrence. The dems will hit more problems the later they have to replace the name on the states' ballots, meaning non-Republicans might have to coalesce around someone else who's already campaigning -- and Stein is the only realistic, non-right-wing option.
No one could take the ticket this late. The dems will likely lose up and down the ticket. Since the entire establishment would have put their name next to a criminal (the supers that voted for her)
There is no need for a new party.  Greens are exploding as we speak.   Stein is more intelligent, more articulate, and more leftist than Bernie.  Plus she has the balls that he lacks.   
Because you don't have a safety net/valve like this:

https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4uqb49/how_bernie_could_have_began_an_independent_run/
Check out the United Progressive Party
r/nprogparty
I think if Bernie was young now, he would throw his support to the Greens.  If we join them, we will be able to tweak their platform.  They aren't anti-science, they are the ones who want to give humanity a chance to stay on the face of the earth by combating climate change.  Their platform is already about 99% like Bernie's.  Also, they will be on the ballot in most states in November.  No other party will be able to accomplish that because many deadlines have already passed.  Also, we have the power to make Green strong enough to get candidates elected in the next cycle to help Bernie in Congress.  
The DNC leak proved where the media gets their marching orders...this will continue to happen while we have an Undemocratic party that subverts the will of the people by suppressing the vote and electoral fraud....that is Hillary's legacy...she won the nomination dishonestly...but we all know that dishonesty is what she does best....as a woman I believe that it will leave a stench on all women that she was the first woman who won because the voting was rigged...that is her legacy....regardless of what the media says...and if her numbers are close in November, I am sure she'll do it again.
How pbs of all things became corrupt is a story for another time. But it is idiocy that the boring documentary channel and local school sport station is now stupid.

>[Norman Solomon, Bernie Delegates Network Co-ordinator](https://www.c-span.org/video/?413130-1/bernie-sanders-supporters-hold-news-conference-philadelphia&vod=) is absolutely amazing, a real champion of democracy!

Aloha the trolls!
Please join us over at - /r/Political_Revolution - I don't agree with the mods decision but in order to truly carry out Bernie's (and our) vision we have to splinter as little as possible.
The people and the revolution are still here. We just no longer have Bernie as a mouthpiece. I'm going green, and you may consider doing the same. 
The following is from the last page of the entire report:

**A. CONCLUSIONS**

We have aimed to provide an overview of the evidence for various types of fraud and targeted voter suppression impacting the outcomes of the 2016 Democratic presidential primaries. After covering the legal background and the history of Election Justice USAs legal actions, our best efforts to combat election fraud and voter suppression, we gave a thorough treatment of:

1) Targeted voter suppression

2) Registration tampering

3) Illegal voter purges

4) Exit polling discrepancies

5) Evidence for voting machine tampering

6) The security (or lack thereof) of various voting machine types

Finally, we gave a date-by-date, state-by-state overview of each of these fraud or suppression types at work throughout the course of the 2016 Democratic presidential primaries. Based on this work, Election Justice USA has established an upper estimate of 184 pledged delegates lost by Senator Bernie Sanders as a consequence of specific irregularities and instances of fraud. Adding these delegates to Senator Sanders pledged delegate total and subtracting the same number from Hillary Clintons total would more than erase the 359 pledged delegate gap between the two candidates. EJUSA established the upper estimate through exit polling data, statistical analysis by precinct size, and attention to the details of Democratic proportional awarding of national delegates. Even small changes in vote shares in critical states like Massachusetts and New York could have substantially changed the media narrative surrounding the primaries in ways that would likely have had far reaching consequences for Senator Sanders campaign.

**B. RECOMMENDATIONS**

We conclude by calling for decertification of the 2016 Democratic primary results in every state in which we have established a reasonable doubt as to the accuracy of the vote tally. Finally, we wish to bring the readers attention to three simple reforms that would eliminate the mere possibility of the vast majority of fraud types demonstrated or evidenced in this report:

1) Exclusive use of hand-counted paper ballots in all future US elections.

2) Automatic voter registration, with same-day party affiliation switching as a mandatory condition for all elections that are publicly funded.

3) Restoration of voting rights legislation which would ensure adequate access to polling sites.

Election Justice USA maintains that these recommendations for future elections, contrary to common claims, save taxpayer money. While beyond the scope of the present report, we aim to present a convincing case for this as part of subsequent publications.

Bernie would have won 2030 pledged delegates, with Clinton at 2021 pledged delegates.
I simply do not see how Hillary can walk away unscathed. During the entire primary process it was speculation by activists that convicted Hillary of fraud and cheating, but it became obvious speculation would not  cause any harm to her or her campaign.  Now that the evidence is available and credibility brought to the speculation, how.. HOW can nothing happen? How can the people in charge of righting these wrongs turn a blind eye to such obvious desecration of political campaign laws? 
Apparently in politics you remain the winner if you cheat, win, and only then you're caught.
What's with the thumbnail of olaf in front of the fnatic logo? Lol
Clinton: "If there are little girls watching on TV, I want you to know: you too can cheat your way to the top."
I watched the presidential primaries very close, the Democratic presidential primaries to be precise, and I was a fervent supporter of Senator Sanders (still am), but as an European, I must say I am stunned to what extent your election process is rigged. It resembled some third-world countries only more 'updated'. Thank you for the report.
What is Election Justice USA?
Why the recommendations didn't mention a criminal investigation? The people accomplicing election fraud are of the worst criminals. Anyways there will be time in future for that, what is critical now is to have real elections.
That would be a more than 360 point swing!
Of course nobody is responsible, nobody will see any repercussions, and our election process will be unchanged.
And that's with media blackouts for essentially the entire primary, and mostly negative when they did begin to cover his campaign. If Bernie got a fair look in the national media, it could have been a landslide for him.
So is there anything we or ANYONE can do to rectify this, and put the REAL democratic nominee in place? I mean this is an absolute outage! Or are we just going to be told to suck it up and deal with it?

I feel like I just went to a restaurant and ordered a nice expensive dinner, lobster and a prime cut of steak (or whatever you like). However I was served a stale piece of dog shit. When I ask my server what is going on, I'm ignored and demand to see a manager. The manager comes over to my table and tells me I'm actually wrong, will be paying full price, and if I like I could order the steaming pile of horse shit instead!

I WANT JUSTICE! I (the American people) want what I ordered (who I voted for) not this shit before me (Clinton or Trump), or should I just leave and go to another restaurant (move to Canada) before the staff burns down the place around me (nuclear war!)?

Edit: auto correct. 
Plus you add the momentum swing towards Senator Sanders as a result of better results and it ends up being more than 184 delegates.

straight to the top. share this like madpeople. 
HillaryBots: "she would've won anyways? why does it make a difference?"
This report really needs to be widely shared.  Also can someone cross post this to other relevant subs?  I don't know how to do that,  but it's definitely not in r/politics yet.  
Up to the top with you, and straight on till morning!
We really are living in pre-1984 conditions.. The government and the media share the same bed! Americans who don't look deeper than what they see on TV are being spoonfed lies...

How has nothing come of ANYTHING that the DNC and the Hillary camp have done.. how?
What is Election Justice USA? How legit are they? I've never heard of them.
Election fraud is the single biggest issue facing our nation.  It outstrips everything.  How can we truly call ourselves a democracy if the voting process can't be trusted? 
Can we get a TLDR? This is 99 pages long. I've read the last page but that doesn't really say much other than stuff that just confirms out biases.

What evidence have they provided and how damning is it? I'm not getting the vibe that anything will come of this. If there's hard evidence, something would come of this. While I don't doubt that there's some truth to this, I'm just getting a bit worn with hearing claims but seeing evidence that isn't **100%** certain.
I like how exit polls were considered one of the best ways to detect election fraud til 2004. Then suddenly oh they never were intended to root out fraud! Silly things, why even conduct them anymore lol
Doesn't even matter. The DNC chose it's candidate long before any actual voting was done. Voting is just an illusion at this point. 
Great report, thanks for sharing.
"We conclude by calling for decertification of the 2016 Democratic primary results in every state in which we have established a reasonable doubt as to the accuracy of the vote tally."
Anyone who does not believe we live in an oligarchy is deluding themselves.
This TED talk presents an interesting fix for this situation: http://www.ted.com/talks/david_bismark_e_voting_without_fraud
The one thing that gets me the most is that they used electronic voting machines to mark or count ballots.
I came here for the Olaf picture, but now I'm angry over corruption.
Since this subreddit has gone completely crazy no one is going to want to hear this but someone needs to speak up for sanity.

This report is a great example of how to lie while seeming professional. People are going to glance at this and go, 
"well this confirms what I already believed." Look closer. They have tons of footnotes, seems very professional. They go to random blogs, Russian news, right wing smear sights, discredited reports. They cite figures that prove nothing as if they make a point. For example on page 10 they cite 700 New Yorker's some of who had their registration switched. This has no context. How many were Bernie supporters how many Hillary? How many compared to other states other elections? The numbers they cite have literally no meaning.

They make vague references to statistics without providing any links or facts. Saying an analysis revealed fraud sounds bad, but what was the methodology? They don't share any actual information most of the time. When they do cite something verifiable it's terrible. They start on page 11 by saying, "Multiple studies, including one published recently by graduate students at Stanford University and the University of Tillburg." First this was not published in any academic meaning of the word, it was not peer reviewed, and with good reason. I did a long analysis of it here: https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4oerbl/stanford_university_confirms_democratic_election/d4cke4b but the study doesn't pass basic muster. They don't account for Hillary winning hugely with black voters and once that is taken into account their point disappears.

They use stats and quotes out of context. On page 11 they cite USAID as saying exit polls can detect fraud. Even in the paper they cite USAID cautions about the vast limitations of trying to do this.

They spend a huge amount of time on this bizarre notion that voter fraud occurred only in larger precincts. They show that in some states Hillary won more votes in larger precinct but even their own evidence varies from place to place. They also make no attempt to describe the differences between precincts of different sizes. They essentially assert that Hillary won more votes in larger precincts in some states then demand someone prove to them it isn't fraud.

What the authors here did is take every rumor, every unsubstantiated piece of conjecture, every lie they could find and put it all together to seem authoritative. 
Sorry I just read the entire report, and there are so many holes in it, it is not even funny.

There is no way that can ascertain how many delegates would of gone to Sanders. They are assuming they know how people would of voted, law is not based on assumption.

They are claiming that the 125K New York people purged all would of voted for Sanders, there is a huge problem with that, not all of those 125K voters would of voted, and the statistics on those voters already released was that a majority of them were non-white and over the age of 45, which is more Clinton than Sanders demographics.

They also said in Arizon again Sanders voters were effected in Maricopa rather than Clintons, but her lead there was very high, and also it is a high non-white area again.

We know Sanders did not do well with non-white.

I am not saying that there was not issues anywhere in the country, but lawyers normally do not release statements and full fledged reports about their case prior to discovery if it gets that far. I believe this entire thing is highly suspect, and just feeding fuel to the fire.

Just because they say fraud happened, does not make it so.  
Despite what the TV tells you, this situation isn't about parties, politics or police. Like all crimes, this boils down to purely a matter of motive. Allow me to break it down for you...

When you care about people, you care enough to try to understand and respect their points of view or needs. Even when they differ with your own. The resulting knowledge expands your perspective, and enhances your appreciation for diversity. Mutual respect can then be built. This inspires peace.

When you stop caring about people, you don't care enough to try understanding or respecting others' points of view or needs. Especially when they differ with your own. The resulting ignorance narrows perspective, and re-frames diversity as a negative. Mutual disregard is created. This breeds conflict.

Capitalism without socialism (including Neoliberalism) is simply a society increasingly incentivized and encouraged not to care. Empty emotional satisfaction through commercialism, media narratives of sponsored propaganda, and normalized wage slavery poverty has stolen our souls, perspective and hope. Unquenchable callous greed is cannibalizing America and exploiting its citizenry- simply because despite their empty, duplicitous rhetoric, those doing it provably just no longer care about the people.

Our corporate society has institutionalized profit over people, managing us with now routine denials, deception, and lies. This must change, and these warmongering psychopath dictators must finally be held accountable if there is ever to be any true justice or equality again. It's completely irrational to expect these for-profit politicians to suddenly acquire a conscience and values.

The only way to throw your vote away this election year is by casting it either Democratic or Republican. Neither represents the American people. The corrupt in both establishment parties belong in prison, not in office to worsen our fates. It's time to bring back ethics, and caring. 
Is any mainstream media covering this? 
To Americans, isn't this how it's always been? No? You are just now more aware, which is good.
"In some cases, these changes were back-dated such that they were listed as made before the voter initially registered."

*screams*
We should actually riot, but not in the hurt other people type of way
Plus X number of votes lost from media narrative and suppression 
So no one in this thread is going to mention that Election Justice USA is run out of some dudes car and isn't real, supported by other sources, or verifiable fact in anyway?

Jesus. This subreddit is just.. I mean I get it, but come on guys. Have some integrity. 
How do we make this visible/count/matter?
I'm jaded from 2000 and 2004 etc.

Let there be no more doubt that election fraud occurred.
Burn it down.  Just fucking burn it all down.  
#ELECTIONFRAUD  

#DNC4PRISON  

#CLINTONS4PRISON
[deleted]
And *no one*, not Bernie, not the DOJ, and not EJ USA are doing a g*ddamned thing about it. This is the change Hillary brings to America.
Their report is claiming delegates for Sanders based on a lot of factors, including Clinton winning a greater vote share in larger precincts, Harry Reid exerting influence to campaign for Clinton, and the claim that voting machines are "hackable." They cite Counterpunch, Buzzfeed, and (I shit you not) anonymousinvestigations.wordpress.com. The bulk of the evidence they present is circumspect at best, and they manage to get juuuust enough delegates to claim that Bernie actually won.

Can someone please explain what is credible about this report?
The first part of the RICO action has been filed, which is the suit Bob Fritakis filed to obtain the raw exit poll data from Edison Mitofsky, as the report details.  This data is vital to the next part of the RICO suit, which will be brought by Cliff Arnebeck.  

This report needs to be disseminated widely.  Please do all you can to "be the media" as requested by www.Justiceserved.org.
Wow. That literally would have been the difference between him winning as far as pledged delegates are concerned.... But we're just "ridiculous conspiracy theorists" for pointing this stuff out. This is so disheartening. 
Why is that dumb snowman the thumbnail? 
So does that mean there was a 368 (184 * 2) delegate difference from what it should have been?  Bernie gets 184 back, and Hillary looses 184?  I'm just trying to clear up my own misunderstanding but if thats the case then Bernie won by 11 delegates...  What you choose to do with this, maybe correct, information is up to you.   

EDIT: So, I temporarily forgot how to do research but I just remembered and it turns out that yes, thats what it means.  Bernie won by 11 delegates, not including supers.  
When I read the summary and additional pages/graphs, I interpreted it to mean Bernie lost an estimated 184 delegates and HRC gained 184, which would lead to a difference of 368 delegates. In other words, Election Justice USA believes that Bernie would have won the delegate count!
I'm reading the entire report. This is a goddamned outrage. I don't care what your policy inclinations are: you do not reward people who cheat.
I didn't read the report (I only skimmed it), but I saw a lot of typos. How can I trust this report? Aside from the fact that it was posted on twitter, obviously.
Election Justice USA came into existence to make this exact argument. It didn't exist until this became an issue. This is about as biased as it is possible to be. Are there any unaffiliated organizations that came to this conclusion? 
Trying to get EJ my info re: my ballot never showing as received in Contra Costa county, CA.  Looks like the EJ site is down. 
Why's the thumbnail Olaf standing in front of a Fnatic symbol? 
"Election Justice USA has established an upper estimate of 184 pledged delegates lost by Senator Bernie Sanders as a consequence of specific irregularities and instances of fraud. Adding these delegates to Senator Sanders pledged delegate total and subtracting the same number from Hillary Clintons total would more than erase the 359 pledged delegate gap between the two candidates."
Hillary supporters: "lol wasn't enough to ensure his victory so it's perfectly acceptable"
[deleted]
the real question is: WHY IS IT NOT INVALIDATED NOW
This link is being blocked on facebook. Very depressing.. I tried three different times in three different places before giving up and posting the conclusion in text... :/ 
Olafmeister? O_O
When the thumbnail is on fleek
Does this group actually have the power to do anything about the fraud running rampant in the Clinton camp?
Democracy is dead. Our leaders are selected, not elected. 
This is AMAZINGLY AWESOME. How do we immediately call for the "decertification of the 2016 Democratic primary results" in all contested states? i'm there! How can we do this? How can our voices be heard? Should we take to the streets with banners? Write somebody? Print this out and leave it around our cities? I honestly don't know how to best organize and achieve democracy.
Somehow I still can't find any media coverage of this report. dafuq?
Can anyone critique this? I want to see what kind of spin CTR is going to try and pull
So Hillary fixed the primaries and undermined the democratic process. 

Tell me again why Trump is EVIL?  He may be a bombastic, ivory tower cream puff who'll be lead by the nose by the real movers and shakers in DC, but that dumb ass didn't FUCKING CHEAT IN THE ELECTION.
so, what are we gonna do about this?
[Their site is being DDoS'd right now](https://www.facebook.com/ElectionJusticeUSA/posts/925026337624060)

Spread this document far and wide!!
>We are a young, fresh organization that came together through our common understanding of the need to address the fraud and voter suppression that has been widespread in the 2016 presidential primaries. 

So before any study was done they had a "common understanding" that there was fraud. Definitely no confirmation bias here.. get it to the front page boys!
Is there a reason this isn't showing up on r/all? It's got 5000+ points and was posted 6 hours ago.
Its sad this happened in our country. We are the beacon of freedom and democracy for the planet. And the Democratic nomination process was rigged in ways that would make a third world dictatorship proud.
I want to spread this.

But I don't want it blowing up in our faces, either.

How credible is this information?
That's quite a conservative estimate. 
Wouldn't Sanders have won the pledged delegates 2030 to 2021 if this is true?
What sucks is: Dems are basically in a George Bush 2.0 scenario within their own party and instead of responding how they did when GWB won the election, they're backing HRC even harder because they're so shook by Donald Trump. Weak. 
As someone not knowledgeable enough about the subject: how does an individual like me verify such a report? I'm fascinated by the blurbs, but I want to know for certain before I start citing it.
as someone who was a registered democrat since 2005 and had my registration changed to blank without my consent the day of the election. told yall
After everything that's happened how can Bernie tell us to support Hillary? Is he really the same guy who fought race segregation? Could he really be naive enough to believe that Hillary will actually follow any platform changes in the DNC? Look at her tendencies..she does whatever she wants. It's like no laws apply to her because shes above them. Come back to us Bernie. There is bigger better things we could be doing!!!
I can't believe Sanders supporters are voting for this woman. Fill in Bernie if you want to make a stand. Otherwise, you're telling the country that it's OK to do this stuff. 
Hey this might be true, but did y'all see that Fight Song video? Wasn't that cool? Hey no need to look at the electoral fraud, "Like a small boat, on the ocean..." 
We need to get this reposted to /politics and/or /news. This is the choir in here.

I've tried to xpost it twice and it was removed, once for being a Drive link and then for being a twitter link. We need a reputable writeup that we can link to. 
Dat fnatic emblem
The one in /r/politics got taken down, what the fuck ???
It's like they think they've actually proven all that to be true
Really sad but I'll bet nothing will be done. She's gotten away with so much. She should be in jail but instead she'll be running the country. How anyone could be okay with being elected based on lies and fraud.. knowing you're really not a winner but a loser and yet continue on. Nothing but a sham. Pathetic!
Honestly, it's been shown that there have been tampering with votes, but our whole voting system in general seems to be pretty inefficient. Blaming it all tampering and suppression wouldn't fix much. It definitely needs an overhaul, however.
Thank you! Finally its up on the front page! I have been trying to post this since yesterday and the mods keep deleting it.
Since voting is a right in the constitution, election fraud would fall under treason. We have proven fraud directly, in court.    How is it there have been no names released and no one has been hung for treason yet?
Trump just won the election..
So between this and the money laundering and the other oversteps, why aren't an army of attorneys crashing down the Clinton's front door to serve subpoenas? Seems like she and her campaign executives should be facing jail time, much less be running for president. 

Does this sort of implicate the DOJ further in a conspiracy to white wash her scandals to save face for the administration and help streamline one anointed DNC candidate to the next?
Let's just remember that this is a 100% biased view and is the BEST case scenario, he lost UP TO 184 delegates.
More Republican propaganda! Luved BERNIE ...volunteered and voted for him now it's time to unite against the evil bigoted Trump!
Does this include a proportionate split of superdelegates? Don't have time to read it at the moment.
can we get wikileaks to release this??  I think it will get more traction!! ;P
I looked at the icon and was so confused when I saw the fnatic icon...

I thought I was on a gaming subreddit for a second haha
Take with salt things that confirm your biases, but I'm super excited to read their stuff. 
hug of death at http://electionjusticeusa.org/ ?
Maybe it's time we infiltrate and cheat our way to victory.
Just did some math. Their low end estimates still have Bernie coming up short (2,006 dels to 2,045 for Clinton). The sad fact of the matter is that we may never know what effect all of this had.
Now who knows a DNC rule that would disqualify a candidate for cheating, even if it wasn't s/he who actually did the cheating?
So, Hillary now declines her nomination knowing that the election was rigged and Bernie could have very well won if it wasn't rigged?
[deleted]
I posted this yesterday afternoon and the mods removed it..... :/
I know we're all busy being rightfully angry but what the hell is the thumbnail 
Let them eat cake.
Pledged?

If this is true, then it should have been Hillary with 2,021 and Bernie with 2,030.
Mild shock
What then must we do?
God this election cycle is driving me crazy.
Jesus Christ, why is *nobody* covering this? Not even alt media sites.  It's like this is something everybody is afraid to talk about.  
Is a class action against DNC and Hillary possible? Where are Bernie's lawyers.  Can they answer? If so I'll gladly donate for the trial.
Lol this thumbnail. 
So... legit question from a non-US citizen: Is any of this going to help? Or is this just to vent out until either Trump or Clinton are elected.
So what's going on!!?? Is this fraud a proven Fact?? Why aren't the FBI, CIA or any other agency on it? 

If people weren't to dumbed down by TV and other things, there would be people in arms. Literally
Winning 4 coin tosses in a row. 


Why isn't Bernie Saying anything!!???
who?
But you know, "they're being ridiculous". 
So when is DemExit exactly? I'm ready.
lol fnatic? 
Effective 268 vote swing since those delegates went to Hillary.
The land of the free
What's going to come of this
Even if all of the numbers are true, this report confirms that he would have lost even without suppression or rigging.

And frankly, I'm still not buying the rigging.

Regardless, Bernie would have lost anyway...this report should end all of the cries that say Bernie had the election stolen from him.
The best thing that could happen for progressives is to let Trump win and use the 4 years to reform the Left in America, either by reforming the Dem Party or abandoning it and forming a new Progressive Party. One thing is for sure, no reform will happen if Clinton wins. It will be rewarding her for her corrupt tactics.
[deleted]
So he would have won? This is outrageous?
This is seminal, outstanding work and I can't say enough thanks to all who produced it.  My only criticism is the sentence 'Even small changes in vote shares in critical states like Massachusetts and New York could have substantially changed the media narrative ... '  I believe the media was hell bent on selecting Hillary and would have continued to suppress any even handed reports.
So even if every single one of these allegations was proven to be true, and the fault of the Hillary campaign, the DNC, and its surrogates...  She still would have won.

They would have been committing crimes to win an election they would have won fair and square.

I guess I'm not surprised that no one is asking this here but who is Election Justice USA and do they have legit credentials?
You linked to twitter? Come on people step your game, we're adults here. 
Well what does it mean now?
It seem to be the view of the people that these people can be found guilty of voter fraud and no one cares.

I think they will do this again in the general election. Do we even have a legal precedent for voter fraud on such a scale? The closest I know is Nixon and that's hardly comparable. Plus he just noped out and appointed the man who could pardon him. That's truely the worse case scenario for Hilary. She will have the power to chose her VP, steal an election, and bail unscathed. If that's doesn't create the ground work for a literal "pay for Presidentcy", I dont know what will.
This is just a confirmation of what most of us have believed. Outrageous. 
This is just another reason that we need to repeal the huge failure that is the primaries. 
At least. Seeing as how who knows what happened from all the other things going on.

Anyway, I'm sure the Hillary cultist sub will have oh so much to say about this.
Funny how this post hasn't hit the Reddit front page despite having over 5k up votes. Or really any sorry regarding Hillary's nomination, positive or negative.

Censorship. :P
> "It's just a conspiracy you Bernie nuts"

It actually is, the definition of a conspiracy is people colluding to break the law, which looks more and more like that did happen.
Why do I feel like it's actually a lot more than that?
How can they say all those delegates would have gone to sanders? Isn't it possible that even more could have gone to Clinton because of these election mishaps?
For the sake of accuracy, it says **upper** estimate of 184 pledged delegates.  They don't separately identify their lower estimate, presumably because it's not as catchy.
If you check out the USAID document, which is the basis for their connection between exit polling and results, it states:

Verifying official results: Exit polls do not provide sufficient evidence to refute or challenge official results, either at the national level or for individual polling stations.
They say that they are non-partisan. But they were formed only 3 months ago. How credible are they?
So, "election fraud" did not make a difference in the nominee.
[deleted]
What's worse is in most southern states he netted 200 less delegates than hillary. The Democratic party platform was begging the lesser educated voter population to influence the election too.
This document is incredibly powerful. Share wide and share far.
If that's the true number of delgates lost, then it didn't affect the outcome of the vote.  Hillary surpassed the amount of delegates needed by over 500. 

 I'm happy that the delegate process is being examined and changed in time for the 2020 elections.  
This is totally believable, but also un-fucking believable. 
184 wouldn't have been enough, though.
How can this election still be considered valid at this point?????
Holy fucking horseshit. You ought to be furious, you were all swindled hard by the Clintons.
So he still wouldn't have won, but regardless this is fucking ridiculous/pathetic. Fuck the Democratic Party. 
[removed]
STOP BEING SORE LOSERS! YOU GUYS LOST! BERNIE ENDORSED THE QUEE...I MEAN HILLARY!

SO LET'S UNITE THE PARTY OR ELSE TRUMP IS GOING TO BRING BACK SLAVERY, FORCED SERVITUDE, AND SACRIFICE EVERY FIRST BORN TO STOP ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION!!!
Disgraceful. There needs to be a change 
This could have officially won him the nomination. Wow just wow. Better start preparing for 2020. I just hope things will still matter 
Anyone have a mirror link?
One last Twitter push? Get this out there and trending? Like old days... When we nearly won... :/
wow!!! Gahhh Im so angry!!! Anonymous, Wikileaks, Snowdon help us!!! We need to put her behind bars!!!
Sell your wife and kids, mortgage your car, stop buying food.  Election Justice USA needs your donations NOW!
Thought I was on on the csgo sub lol
Please stop! BERNIE has asked us to support Hillary! That's what we have to do...it is the next right thing
So Hillary still won but it was a lot closer.... I'm satisfied.
This is embarrassing. This, right here, is why this sub is closing.  You'd think voting age people could detect when someone is dumping a steaming pile of BS on their heads.  

This "report" is BS dressed up as red-meat and you are eating it like it was the finest filet.  The methodology is utter crap. A graph with no context about Kings County, NY and that is somehow magically proof that somewhere between between 14 and 28 of the New York pledged delegates should switch to Sanders. 

I get that you hate Hillary, but come on.  Giving credence to this crap makes the whole Sanders movement look stupid. 


Next hack --> DWS writes Chuck Todd: how's the Russian story we planted?
It's called misdirection. Tactics used by magicians and thieves.
The Russian story was intended to immediately divert attention away from the content of the emails, which is the real story. The diversion won't work because Trump will be beating the email drum from now until November.
This story is such obvious bullshit. It's going to backfire on Democrats like everything else the Clinton's touch with their pre-Internet strategies.
NPR, at the very least, has only been mentioning the DNC leak in terms of a "Russian plot", while framing it as another Trump scare-story. 
I don't agree with the characterization. I think the Hillary email scandal was well covered for a long time but it ran out of steam--even Bernie said in an early debate "The American public is sick and tired of hearing about your damn emails." And that was a year ago. It's the American attention span at fault. 

Meanwhile, the media is fascinated by all things Trump, and the minute he inserted himself into the hacking story, it blew up.
Give them hell...
There is a class action suit open and before the court in NY in September. Any independent voters, and voters that were forced to vote on affidavit ballot or were otherwise disenfranchised are encouraged to contact the lawyer that has brought to suit. Please join this lawsuit- contact the lawyer: Mark Warren Moody Esq

Phone: (917)414-7886 Email: mwm@mwmoody.com THANKS! 
This was when I KNEW somethin was up. CNN had exit polls showing it so close to 50/50, but somehow Sanders "lost" by 16 points!? 58-42, yeah right.
If we are going to insist on only 2 huge parties we NEED open primaries or else it isnt a democratic choice AT ALL
I live in Albany county NY, Ive thought of leaving the party but then just was wondering if thats going to leave me unable to vote for progressives running in other elections up and down the ticket. Im really not sure who is running for what around here, but id like to get behind a Bernie like progressive if there are or when any run around here. So I guess Im asking is leaving the party going to prevent me from being able to do so? Sorry if this is confusing, but it is an honest question. I dont like what Ive learned about the party, but if I leave it how can I still help change it and support progressives?
If anyone is interested, sign to support this bill in the NY State Assembly:
https://www.nysenate.gov/legislation/bills/2015/a9661/amendment/original

Would also help to contact your Assemblyperson and ask for his/her support:
http://assembly.state.ny.us/mem/

I just remembered how when Occupy was raided in NY the police [blocked the airspace](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/nov/15/occupy-journalists-media-blackout) preventing media helicopters from covering the story. This happened under an Obama presidency. Not super surprising though, considering we still have the NSA and Patriot Act.

This is my fight song

Control the media song

Correct The Record song
so much unity 
Any word if they made it through the wall?
What was this over? Can somebody explain what's happening in the video?
I'm thinking this is not accurate now. We do know that Bernie volunteers were denied access to the convention and all of Hillary's were allowed in. Someone reported bus loads of people showing up for Hillary the other day. I would imagine her volunteers. Someone may have taken an opportunity to incite discord with a fake ad. I'm not sold yet.
If Hillary chose Tim Kaine as VP, who do you think she'll pick as Supreme Court Justice? I don't think Supreme Court Justice is anything to pick your candidate over. (Well, under normal circumstances, yes, but not under this one). She may say she will pick a Supreme Court Justice that will overturn Citizen's United, but she also said she was Anti TPP, before she was for it. Tim Kaine is also for the TPP. Maybe they will elect a Supreme Court Justice that will be for it, meaning the next 40 years of not being able to get rid of the TPP. I honestly don't know what Trump will pick, but I don't see it as being necessarily a worst chose than Hillary's.
Supreme court justices are for life. They can change positions over time. Bush appointed a conservative with origionalism and now he's leaned left on a lot of things. Judges on that court are loose cannons
This is fear mongering by the DNC.  Here is a great [calculator from Slate](http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/jurisprudence/2016/02/the_odds_of_another_supreme_court_justice_dying.html) that is based on epidemiological data about the average age of death by race and sex.  Let's look at the FACTS:

The average life expectancy for a white female in the District of Columbia is 86.65 years. Ginsberg is 83. She's got 3 years left before she hits "Average." Is it possible she'll die? Sure. It's quite possible she won't. This Slate Calculator puts the odds of her dying at 35%, which, as a physician, I would agree with. 

Incidentally, the Slate Calculator gives the odds of any CONSERVATIVE justice dying as 54.26%, approximately equal to the odds of any Liberal justice dying (56.76%). 

Let's look at just the liberal justices:

Ginsberg: 36.08% chance of death

Breyer: 27.81% chance of death

Kagan: 2.77% chance of death

Sotomeyer: 3.75% chance of death.


So there's a ~1/3 chance that Ginsberg could die and a ~1:4 chance Breyer could die. There's almost no chance of the other two liberal justices dying. 

Conservatives:

Kennedy: 32.81%

Roberts: 6.67%

Thomas: 16.81%

Alito: 10.58%

There's a greater chance that we could lose 3 conservative judges (1.05%) than 3 liberal judges (0.76%). 

As you can see, the odds, based on average population statistics are quite low. It's likely the justices, being far above average income will significantly exceed the averages. Also, the average for Washington DC is significantly higher than the US average, and I'd except the justices to exceed even that, barring known health issues. And the conservative court we've had has refused to overturn Roe v Wade so far, so what makes you think that a +1 would change that? Regardless, it's not enough to make me vote for an immoral, corrupt, war hawk that will continue to sell the American people to the highest bidder. 
The Supreme Court argument is verging on self-parody.

The Republicans, while in the minority, successfully blocked hundreds of Federal judges and several presumptive Supremes.  If the Democrats haven't learned the Republican's tactics or aren't willing to deploy them (show backbone), then it's all on them.
I've shifted my donations to Jill as of last paycheck. Started unfollowing all democrat social media stuff. I contacted the democratic party in state and asked to be deregistered.

I'm going to actively push against all incumbent democrats in my state that didn't actively support Bernie. I will look to support progressive candidates who are democrats but will focus on green party primarily.

Done with the democratic party. I will not be their corporate tool anymore.
[removed]
I'm with you. The results of this primary show what a farce our political system is.
I couldn't bear to see. I followed along on various mega threads, but I couldn't look at Bernie, see the Potemkin Village audience treatment, listen or look at the person that deregistered friends so they couldn't vote, I couldn't. I will continue fighting through the pain.
Be sad.   And then pick up and keep fighting with  us! We're not alone! There's lots to do. The presidency isn't everything and Bernie isn't going anywhere and neither are we. 

Thanks s4p. I love all of you!   Onwards and upwards!   Keep resisting!
Nope, he lost by 4 million votes.  
They turned out the lights in some sections of people making noise. 
Why are the people who are against this stuff even still in this sub?

If you think Bernie lost fair and square and you're ready to just pack it up, leave us alone and grab your, "I'm with her," sign. Quitters.
That was great. Reminding the warhorses and battleaxes what the Democratic Party used to be about. Highlight of the evening.
He totally thinks they're chanting his name. 
This is good!
Hillary supporters must totally be FOR war...
How embarrassing. Making progressives look like a bunch of fools.
Not as bad as when they booed a pastor, I guess, but I hope they realize how stupid this makes them look.
[deleted]
FABULOUS.
Emotions are not why I won't support corruption.

If this isn't proof Hillary doesn't even want to reach out to us I don't know what is.. So great way to win over votes HRC campaign!
>Podesta: Emotional Sanders supporters wont hurt her chances

Or help her cause.
sounds like they have figured out how to rig the presidential election, so your vote won't matter. 
> And then some of them are going to vote for Trump  I think youre going to see that number as high as 10 or 15 percent, Spicer said.  
  
That must be what their internal polling is showing, and that's not including those who will go to Stein, Johnson, not vote for president. Yikes (for them)!
It is rational to not support the undemocratic candidate. Hillary supporters are acting emotional.
The problem for Hillary is moderate republicans and centrists don't exist. Their 2014 shellacking proved that. 
She got Republicans guys(that won't vote for her)
Now we're "emotional".  Go fuck yourselves.
If by "emotional" he means rage. Yes, we're fucking angry!
r/political_revolution
It will be rigged general election. Who needs voters?
Alrighty then how about Clinton supporters stop trying to threaten me into voting for her then if they don't need us
How blind are these people?
CNNs don lemon says we should not have went to their party and that we should create a new party if we are so upset.. Clearly party over country is the new theme of the DNC
You guys make it seem there were no concessions.... and like Bernie didn't achieve anything. This is wrong. You are just looking for excuses to hate her. If you want a fascist to be president, vote for Stein, Johnson or Trump. . . Give me a break... 
Neocons luv Hillary. She is the most likely to take us into war. She's never met an intervention she didn't go for. Concerned experts worry that she will escalate intervention in Syria. Leaders in Germany, Italy and France are concerned about her escalating tensions with Russia. I am totally perplexed by your reason for voting for her. She holidays with war criminal Henry Kissinger. 
I can't vote for her because she is most likely to bring more war. A poll of 65,000 people in 65 nations, say the US is the greatest threat to world peace. Research why Hondurans and Haitians protest her (& Bill) across the country and say "Hillary has blood on her hands." Hillary and Dems have "better" rhetoric, but she is no LesserEvil.
Problem is, Hillary is more likely to go to war. She's a war hawk. Trump is a wild card, its true, but all the evidence points to a hands-off presidency - that will allow the Pentagon to call the shots. The Pentagon people are not war hawks, as far as I know, and are not paid through and through by the Saudis to support their national interests. 
a very nice way to troll us into supporting clinton and validating all the election fraud, voter suppression, disenfranchisement and of course the corruption ...i wont be joining you 
>Primarily, I have a brother in the Army and Hillary is the least likely to send >him to war AGAIN.

You're joking, right?

Clinton is more dangerous than Trump. She had a major role in conflicts that directly resulted in the end of human life. Why doesn't anyone ever talk about this? Its important. Trump is just an idiot, who is unlikely to get anything done in office at all, aside from stoking racism, though that sucks, I think we can handle it. So, which is really the lesser of two evils here? Yeah, Trump will cater to the super wealthy, but they always are catered to anyways, but without question a Clinton office will end lives. Don't vote for either of them
How? By utterly invading the party and using our small donations and energy to supplant cynical and complacent party members.
How about she addresses their concerns? For example, their concern that she employed DWS right after she was caught red handed. Boy, what I'd give to know the dirt she has on Hillary.
ITS THE CORRUPTION STUPID!
Why this shit is posted here? If she wanted anything to do with us it would have been much earlier. We were snubbed and silenced. Don't post "stronger together" bullshit here
[deleted]
> The Hillary people need Bernie supporters to vote for her, and they claim that they deserve the support because she's so appealing and she can get stuff done. And because that's failing, the next fallback is to present the problem of a Trump administration, the default alternative. Yet they ignore our grievances. How democratic and diplomatic is that?

What grievances would you like addressed, and how would you like them addressed?

If this sub is any indication, it's "Her very existence" and "By turning herself in to the FBI." Neither of which is reasonable.
To be fair, it sounds like it's the same lady who keeps complaining about Bernie Sanders 3 or 4 times, and she didn't give a whole lot of money either - more of a pain in the ass than an influencer. The rest of the VM's are kind of mundane. 
Okay, but is there anything actually useful here?  Anything newsworthy?
This is unsolicited calls from Bernie haters and normal voicemail recordings. I think that they must be hinting that they have something juicy on a voicemail that is unreleased. 
Because evil hates good. They sold their souls and he has one. They are jealous. He is loved and she is hated. He could beat trump by double digits and trump is beating her in the polls. He was authentic and real and they stole the election.
Wow Bernie never had a chance.
I was under the impression there was more than 13 minutes.
The voicemails compiled in this youtube video are underwhelming

and that one lady leaves a lot of voicemails 
So why the fuck is Nothing being done about this?!?!?!?!?!
Stupid people say stupid things.
https://np.reddit.com/r/WayOfTheBern/comments/4v1hw1/the_state_of_things_game_on/

Yes it is.  This is all personal now.  No matter what, we get even, we take government!

ONWARD!
this won't go viral with that picture on the cover. it'll turn many Hillary sheep away from learning the truth instantly.
Disgusted.
>The Sanders hate is UNBELIEVABLE!

Can you blame them, especially after he endorsed Clinton.
[removed]
Honestly you don't need a plan. Their ship is sinking just fine without help.
And in states where you can write him in, DO SO! I will be writing in his name here in Maryland this november.
Please no. I am seeing this as a new Jill Stein supporter.  This will do nothing, at all. Please vote for Jill Stein if you want to send a message, but do not, do this. 

The mods may not be what people want right now, but they are not part of Correct the Record.  I have strong disagreements with how they're handling things, but /u/Vermonty_Python especially helped out Bernie's campaign and has lived in Vermont, from my understanding. It's okay to disagree with the mods here. I do too on some things, but they have been awesome and instrumental in growing this campaign. Thank you mods. 
Do you just not give a damn about anything bernie stands for/ fights for?
How many times does he need to explain he wants Clinton to win because she's much closer to him on the issues and because he detests Trump?

The problem here is framing this as ensuring hillary loses, rather than to put pressure on Hillary to make commitments that in the first 100 days, she'll sign laws about each of the platform points we find important.

If we don't give her the opportunity to buy our votes, we lose negotiating power. We lose steering the message about being able to get what we want (as opposed to simply being obstinate).

Now, she probably won't make these promises, and the effect you wanted is achieved in that case - but framed this way, it's her fault.

So yes, get Bernie on the ballots if you can. But when asked why, it's to say that "We'll change our opinion of Hillary if she earns it" instead of "no, I'm just doing this because I'm angry" (which is all they will hear, otherwise).
[removed]
Not everyone who supported Bernie identifies as a progressive. Bernie drew support from across the entire political spectrum, so it should have been expected to see his support splinter off toward different candidates (including Trump and Johnson).
Say what you want but the Republican primaries weren't rigged. A vote for Hillary is a vote for corruption.
hillary clinton not being allowed into the white house after rigging an election is the goal here. Trump will be dealt with in 4 years by the strongest progressive coalition in united states history
I'm progressive and trump is less evil than hillary and the clinton foundation. 

What now? who elected you lord of who gets to say and think what?


Is this sub really going to sit by and let pro-~~Trump~~ **Clinton** voices dominate this sub?  
  
> I'm going through the comments here and it disgusts me. Comments that disparage ~~Trump~~ **Clinton** are literally downvoted to oblivion and there are plenty of people upvoting comments from people claiming that they are voting for ~~Trump~~ **Clinton**. What is this garbage? I thought this was a subreddit devoted to electing a PROGRESSIVE politician, not an authoritarian republican **in sheep's clothing** who stands for everything Sanders doesn't. I'm seriously disappointed.
I'm not and don't.
[removed]
The Trumpeters feel this is their last opportunity to cajole and convert this huge sub. Not a good use of their time but one funny thing is there are so many CTR trolls and Trumpeters that sometimes they duke it out between them. 
The trolls come in, the trolls go out, no one can explain it.
*Direct text:*

Alright, I've been avoiding posting much on presidential stuff for the past couple weeks because everyone else has that covered, and it's not going to do me any good emotionally. But let's get this straight:

1) Nobody owes anybody their vote. If a candidate can't inspire you to vote for them on their OWN merits, they don't. Deserve. Your vote. The idea that voting your conscience is inexcusably privileged behavior is the most blatantly Orwellian, emotionally abusive, antidemocratic idea I've seen taken seriously in American politics in my life. And that's as someone who was politically aware through two Clinton Administrations and three Bush Administrations. That garbage is straight out of Karl Rove's wettest dreams.

2) The Green Party doesn't owe the Democratic Party shit. Nader voters were not the reason we endured the W. Bush's TWO terms in office, and if Trump wins, that won't be on Jill Stein or Bernie Sanders voters. Bill Clinton's attacks on Welfare, the Democratic Party's shunt to the center-right, a general failure by the both Liberals and the Left to articulate a coherent alternative to deregulatory imperialism, and Gore and Kerry's failure to separate themselves from that mess, are what dropped Democratic participation in those elections to the point that the few thousand Green votes in any given state had an effect. Also, you know, blatant voter fraud.

3) Sanders got more people more invested in the Democratic party than any other candidate in my lifetime. Clinton is now in a dead heat with Trump, and we now know that pretty much all the dark suspicions Sanders fans tried to set aside about the Democratic presidential primary race were true. So I'm not sure where this idea that Clintonian centrism now has some kind of electoral or moral mandate is coming from.

4) Angrily yelling at people about what their best interest is and calling them stupid for betraying your expectations of their good behavior has never worked for liberals on disaffected Americans on the Right, and it won't work for disaffected Americans on the Left. If you want to win people over, you have to listen to them and at least feign the sentiment that the roots of their disaffection have legitimacy.

5) Letting the scariest person in the room dictate the political direction of the nation has a name, but let's not pretend that name is Democracy. Vote the way you want to, but let's not pretend that the Democratic Party, its candidates, or its voters have any room to dictate a moral high ground.
So well written and sums it up perfectly! shared on twitter
https://twitter.com/Alex_Panetta/status/758465988958519296
I don't want to detract from the other good points (esp #1) but #3 is wrong. President Obama's coalition was larger--he got more people involved in the Democratic party and voter turnout was larger in '08. I just think it's important to stick to the facts and also respect what the President accomplished. 
Can't make this stuff up! It's all a fucking show.
Hope we can put this video up faster than they can tear it down
I asked Jeff if it was ok to share on Reddit. I was worried about retaliation by the DNC or HRC. He said to do it.    
"Post it
Thank you"

Edit: please share widely.
GET THIS ON TWITTER.
/u/glimmeringgirl We need verification. Why doesn't he take picture or video of some of the designated sections? If you know all of the CA delegation is protesting for instance, and their seats are full, there's something going on. Until then this is just conjecture
Fake grapefruit!!!
I am right there with you brother. I can't say I know what the next step is though and that worries me terribly. We all need to be involved in a sustained movement in each state and ultimately connect those movements across the country through common goals. Protesting and anger can be part of that movement but it can't be our only outlet. 

I say it starts by electing the most progressive candidates we can find and supporting them once they're in office. It's also going to take some of us running ourselves. Remember Bernie said he wanted to see at least 100 of us running across the country. 

Personally I'm staying in the party. I am going to make a go of the entryism tactic. I think it has potential. 

Lastly, I think we need to recognize that many of us have abandoned Bernie which is disgusting and disrespectful. I will always look to him for my marching orders. 
Good question. I personally still haven't figured it out and am waiting for more data.

I suspect if Hillary wins, she's not going to say, "Thanks for keeping me honest - let's make sure progressives have a home in the DNC."  She's going to say, "That was close - let's make sure that can't happen again."

If she were going to reach out to progressives, the time to do so would be now, when she might influence our vote.   She isn't doing that;  she won't do it after the election either.

So if she wins, I expect we're going to see a (further) purge of progressive elements from positions up and down the Democratic hierarchy.

Then what do we do?  I have no idea.  Start our own party?  Americans have been conditioned to be so rude and aggressive at even the suggestion of voting third party that I suspect that that is out of the question.  

Mount a leadership challenge in 2020?  Against an incumbent?  That hasn't ever worked in my lifetime...

So what then?  Wait till 2024 and try to compete against Kaine then?  Might as well give up at that point - it'll be game over for climate change, jobs, surveillance...

Of course, if Trump wins, Hillary will be disgraced, and we can all band together and reform the Democratic Party. 
Yes! This is an important question for Berners to ask. I am proud to say our ad hoc groups in northwest Indiana are growing what will become formal, non-partisan political organizations that can establish a local platform and eventually groom progressive candidates from within our network to run for office in future elections. The 2016 presidential election is a wash. We allow ourselves to mourn our loss but we look to the future with hope because that is what we have to do. 
I hear that if you can get Jill Stein to 5% then the Green Party can receive federal funding and then we can grow and expand from there.
A NEW PARTY.


#For those that are interested, I created a NEW SUBREDDIT the other day: /r/PoliticalProgressives/

Please join us as we work to keep the movement alive and support the man who brought us all together.

Not affiliated with /r/Sandersforpresident. Unlike this once great sub, we do not give in, we do not give up. We Trek Forward towards our progressive future!
Oh thank you so much. 

Up vote this please!
Test
Is it still here
Her speech was just amazing. I can only hope she will be the first female president our country will have in the coming years. One deserving of the title. She was one of very few democrats that saved face this election and fought til the end.  
  
Here's to hoping America can survive 4 years of Trump, and that corrupt piece of trash won't run again and rig another primary in 4 years. 
TULSI FOR PREZ 2020!!
TULSI for PRESIDENT 2020
"Now, my friends, because this is a movement fueled by love, it can never be stopped, or defeated." 

Her speech reignited a passion in me that Bernie's behavior of late has let diminish. Between her, and Nomiki, and Nina Turner, and others, we're in good hands. 

And fuck yes, Tulsi2020
Bernie got as much support as he did in only about a year, we can start now with Tulsi and have four years to gain ground
She's got the beauty of a Hawaiian goddess, the bronze of a hardened war vet, and I'm sure the brains of calm, yet firm leader. 

The way she speaks is so calming, but very very firm.
i believe in you tulsi. 
Serious question. Should I keep donating to Sanders via his website? I got an email today when I cancelled my reoccurring donation saying to keep donating, that its now being sent to fund progressives. But I need to make sure... I don't want the DNC getting a single cent of my money after what they did.
Anyone here know what the serious next step would be in prepping her for 2020? Should she be piloting more bills? Trying for senate? What could we do to aid that? 
She's in her first term in congress, has never won a state-wide race, is only 35 years old, does not have executive experience.

She's definitely somebody to keep an eye on, but isn't she still building her resume at this point? What's being promoted?
Awesome!
Love Tulsi! <3
Tulsi 2020
TULSI-LUTION 2020! Hawaiians make great presidents!
So... I have a friend who lives in Hawaii and he absolutely HATES this woman. Something about her not condemning her father (who is a state Senator) for his anti gay views and something about Veterans affairs. He also seemed to paint her as an opportunist but it doesn't seem like an opportunist would supports an underdog like Sanders. Wish I could be more specific but can't find the posts on facebook. Did find this article though...

http://www.dailykos.com/story/2012/1/20/1056467/-
Tulsi 2020 
X-Post referenced from /r/tulsi by /u/seamslegit  
[We have set up a new twitter account @GrassrootsTulsi to use in conjunction with this sub to help in grassroots organizing and promotion of Tulsi.](https://www.reddit.com/r/tulsi/comments/4uwvql/we_have_set_up_a_new_twitter_account/)
*****  
  
^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot. ^^I ^^delete ^^my ^^negative ^^comments. ^^[Contact](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=OriginalPostSearcher) ^^| ^^[Code](https://github.com/papernotes/Reddit-OriginalPostSearcher) ^^| ^^[FAQ](https://github.com/papernotes/Reddit-OriginalPostSearcher#faq)
I think I'm in love with her.
Tulsi is good women!!
I love her, also she's a total babe
In other news did anyone see CTR is spending 6 times what we thought? They have paid 6 million so far to have people defend Hillary online. Orwell would be proud of our little ministers of Truth! 

 https://www.opensecrets.org/pacs/lookup2.php?strID=C00578997
^Full ^disclaimer: ^I'm ^a ^frequenter ^of ^pro-Trump ^subreddits. ^But ^heck ^this ^subreddit ^is ^going ^to ^close ^soon ^so ^why ^not ^trespass ^in ^a ^place ^that ^will ^soon ^be ^foreclosed? 

I think her refusing to release her transcripts is one of the few smart strategies that campaign has done at all. I don't think there is anything, anything at all that is suggestive in those transcripts. 

It's a a bargaining chip that is but a bluff, hoping that it would be considered a fair exchange for some of Donald Trumps tax returns. If Trump goes out on a limb and releases the returns without such agreement, then Hillary can as a "gesture of good faith" release her transcripts so she doesn't look as shady. Either way it's a win-or-tie for her. 

It also distracts from the real question. It's not what she said at these many many speeches that she or Bill partakes in - it's why. Why do these companies think they get bang-for-their-buck paying the Clintons hundreds of thousands of dollars for an hour or so of empty platitudes about climate change, world hunger, synergy or whatever the heck they may talk about at a dinner.

"Clinton Cash" delves into various coincidences revolving around who pays the Clinton for speeches and what benefits they end up reaping shortly after. The speeches are a sham contract. They aren't blatantly bribing the Clintons for some quid-pro-quo, they're just paying for a speech. The Mafia never threatened to arson a place of business, they just offered "fire insurance". 
One of my best friend works at Goldman Sachs and attended one of HRC's speeches in 2013, so I can attest that they in fact occurred (it would be fraud to list them on her taxes if they did not occur, and it's the kind of thing the IRS would pick up very quickly).
They will continue to do it until we show them it doesn't work.
I will do everything in my power to make sure Hillary never becomes president.
The only Republicans, Hillary can win over are donors.  
I have said a couple of times already. Tim Kaine pick was to attract centrist republicans since progressives will have to settle for democrats anyway with no other viable party on the left.
When will she realize there are more people than donors in the us
This GOP focus has everything to do with  ["money in politics!"](http://www.opensecrets.org/news/2010/09/opensecrets-battle-koch-brothers/)

  .   .  .  Given the difficultly in tracking donations to nonprofits and charitable organizations, its almost impossible to quantify whether the "Koch brothers" or "George Soros" dominate this political realm. That said, both the Kochs and Soros have spent incredible riches in this area with no sign of stopping.

>[George Soros](http://nlpc.org/stories/2010/07/09/george-soros-new-plan-globalism-and-crony-capitalism)  the Godfather to the left. 


>[Koch Bros](http://www.westernjournalism.com/koch-brothers-george-soros-fear/) on the right.

http://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2016-03-15/soros-alarmed-by-trump-pours-money-into-2016-race
They're courting Americans. It's kinda the point. 
How dare she try to expand her voting base.
They're telling Republicans too disgusted with their own party that there is a place for them here. It's called coalition building, reaching across the aisle, working together, etc.
You're my friend, why wouldn't I join you for a part of your journey? Onward ;)
I'm honestly *not* surprised. This is how the 1% view the rest of us after all.. just routed through the Democratic Party.

Think about it. If one of them can rape and ruin the life of a young woman, and get away with it because "he is a young man with a bright future".. what does that say about the rest of us?

I don't mean to sound alarmist, but this is *nothing less* than the fight for our future. If we win, we may be able to usher in a utopia based on freedom of the individual expressed through a democracy that humanely cares for all.. and if we lose, we go back to absolute oligarchic rule over the sheeple 99%. 

Choose wisely.
Please watch this story, explains why the corruption at the DNC is even bigger than the Hillary endorsement.
I like you Ben Swann, you're a good guy.
Check out BernieVote.com 
Perpetuation of the idea that third parties don't matter. It's a self fulfilling prophecy.
Our media is owned by the same people who own our politicians.

They value power, not truth.
america is no longer a functional democracy, and we haven't really been a representative republic in a long time either. we're somewhere between an oligarchy and a totalitarian state.

money runs everything here. without more support, 3rd parties will continue to get no attention. it's up to us to change that.
no money in covering third parties
Which utopia do you live in? Because that certainly isn't the case in most European countries. 
C-SPAN does cover the Libertarians to a certain extent. Their convention was quite interesting to watch, particularly the debate. That said, apart from the convention, they had hardly any other coverage and if I recall, C-SPAN was the only channel to cover it.

Some people will tell you that the American media actively encourages a two-party system for a 'good versus evil' concept of storytelling, and that's certainly true of FOX (where the Republicans can do no wrong and the Democrats are all Satan incarnate) and to a somewhat lesser extent CNN (which is pretty much the inverse). Even so, the truth is that third-parties haven't managed to drum up enough attention over the years to make much news. That's starting to change as of this election cycle, and it should be pretty interesting to see how the effects of Gary Johnson and Jill Stein's campaigns resonate for future elections.
One public affairs network (CSPAN) has been pretty good at covering a larger scene. They had round-the-clock coverage of the Libertarian Party convention and I expect them to do the same for the Greens in a few weeks' time. However, there's little interest in the minor parties as far as the average voter is concerned, and therefore no media coverage, further contributing to the lack of interest -- sort of a Catch 22. It's been 24 years since anyone that wasn't a Democrat or a Republican has received more than 15% of the vote in a presidential election.
Third parties are not covered unless they get above 10% and even then it is little coverage. I think I've seen more coverage of third party candidates this year than I have in quite a long time.
>Several

Think you answered your own question. Mods normally delete reposts leaving the first. Spamming the sub with the same post isn't tolerated anywhere on Reddit. 
Do you follow the drama on /r/undelete?
Yep. Mods deleted my past 2 posts calling the DNC corrupt.
Kaine is not Abel
Supporters are not there anymore... 

Replaced by actors
Ok so what happened???
As Bernie delegates, but moreover, as American citizens whomever does NOT support Kaine has every right to demonstrate and show their opposition.  And, it does not have to involve violence.

That said, I am certain that the DNC and the MSM will blow it out of proportion, and maybe they will claim that chairs were thrown again.  As an aside, what is it about this guy Kaine that comes off as sneaky?  I can't figute it out but he makes my spider sense tingle.

No matter, he fills out the picture nicely with the "illegitimate" nominee.  Two Frackers standing side by side.
Oh oh, if that's msm announcing that, the DNC probably has some rioters hired for tonight.
https://www.instagram.com/p/BIYZXSUDVDy/
Grow up.
welp
[deleted]
Go through the Big Spreadsheet of Everything as I did yesterday.

In late 2014 (September-November), Hillary did a SLEW of "private receptions" at $32,500 a pop for an entire list of Who's Who in New York, most of them on Park Avenue.  IOW, the DNC paid her $32,500 a pop to fundraise.  But that fundraising was for HER and her campaign.
[deleted]
What does it take, and how much of it, for there to be any accountability, correction, restitution. so tired of all this corrupt bullshit.
Why do they have to raise fund? WP has already blown horn for her from the beginning, loosing all credibility they have earned in their history. 

I am boycotting Amazon !

No more buying at Amazon. My little contribution to Jeff Bezos.
It's only illegal if you're poor 
They ran 16 negative stories on Sanders in 16 hours - back before the Va. primary. The Washington. Post is next to Northern Va. and affected the turnout for Sanders.
Can someone tell me what law exactly was broken in this? Or are we just linking to conservative sites now to feed into our Clinton hate? 

With what I"ve seen the last couple of days this is one of the few subs on this site that finds Breitbart to be a legit source. 
\*cringe\*
Kossacks, RiseUPP,Political Revolution, see you around.
At this point who doesn't want Bernie to lead America, perhaps the DNC and Hillary should offer the ticket to him if he's still willing to ensure that Trump is defeated.
Anyone shed some light on the context of these?
I see the problem being the idea of thousands of rich dems who probably donated several thousands of dollars have now had their identities and financial information hacked and available online. And the dnc and Clinton's non chalant response to it. The fact that they've been warned for over a year and didn't heed the advice.  That is what should piss off several thousands of wealthy democrats who are typically dem or die. 
Yes!!!! If this doesn't shake people up idk what will! Because now they've betrayed not only the poor and middle class,  but the wealthy dems too! This can't be good! 
Hoo boy there's some racist stuff in here.

Cornell West apparently dropping the "N" bomb about Obama or something. This is gonna be interesting to go through...
Isn't this the same stuff from last week? If you go to the link on their tweet to the WikiLeaks website, the page is dated the 22nd. 
These are all part of the first DNC email dump from last week. Just the MP3 attachments. Not new content and not very exciting so far as I can tell.
Watergate 2: Sanders Boogaloo
Not much there. Mostly some lady calling and complaining about Bernie. She really really really doesnt like him lol
I really hope they have more, but I doubt they do. And they killed the leaker, so, there won't be any more.
Wiki leaks needs to release something even more juicy than the DNC emails. 
I'm not entirely sure about the process but let's say a huge (and I mean YUUUUGGEEE) scandal surrounds Hillary and her DNC buddies, would the ticket be handed to Sanders? Or someone chosen by who ever has the power to do so? 
/r/StillSandersForPres
Check out BernieVote.com 
Hi `News2016`. Thank you for participating in /r/SandersForPresident. However, [your submission](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4v1en1/dnc_ignores_muslims_objections_gives_michael/) did not meet the requirements of the [community guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules) and was therefore removed for the following reason(s): 

----

* **[Off-Topic](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_title_and_subject_rules.) (rule #3):** Material posted on /r/SandersForPresident should include significant and overt references to Bernie or the campaign. 

 * Posts which contain general political information (non-Bernie related) should be posted on /r/Politics or /r/PoliticalDiscussion. If this submission is to a link that does not meet the above criteria but you believe would contribute to /r/SandersForPresident, consider writing a text post with appropriate Bernie-relevant framing and the current link to spark insightful discussion. If this submission is already a text post, consider resubmitting with more substantial Bernie-relevant framing.





* **[Over-discussion](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_title_and_subject_rules.) (rule #5b):** Submissions which contain content that is posted very consistently may be removed.

 * Overdiscussed topics may be given megathreads in some cases, but all overdiscussed topics are ineligible to be reposted regardless of the 30 day repost limit. 

 * Major breaking news will almost always be given a megathread.

 * Before posting a policy question about Bernie, please visit [FeelTheBern.org](http://www.feelthebern.org) and use the search bar to look for various terms related to your post.



* **[Low Productivity](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_title_and_subject_rules.) (rule #6):** Submissions which provide little content or in-depth material are considered low productive, such as unsubstantial text posts, or link posts to text conversations, screenshots, memes, photos, or other low content material.





----

If you have any specific questions about this removal, please [message the moderators](https://www\.reddit\.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FSandersForPresident&subject=about my removed submission&message=I'm writing to you about the following submission: https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4v1en1/dnc_ignores_muslims_objections_gives_michael/. %0D%0DMy issue is...). Hateful or vague messages will not receive a response. **Please do not respond to this comment.**
https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/fileid/16866/7797

Holy shit. That language is disgusting. This is the party im supposed to support? 
These were already released, part of the original Friday drop.  They did just tweet them out again with a "RELEASE" headline, not sure why.  Maybe they meant to drop something else?
https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/fileid/16842/7790

https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/fileid/16460/7696

OH MY GOD! SO FUNNY!
NOW, were talkin'!
These are all part of the first DNC email dump from last week. Just the MP3 attachments. Not new content and not very exciting so far as I can tell.
Has anyone run speech recognition on all of this to get it indexed?
Fuck yea!!!! Whoop!!!! 
I will be at Jill site and political Revolution site.
This does not have to be good bye. Let's stick together!

Nice reference to hitchhikers guide to the galaxy!
They said they don't need our votes to beat Trump.
Do you guys see this shit? Trump is literally trying to get us Bernie supporters to vote for him.  It says a lot when trump is more willing to get our votes than the entire DNC

How assbackwards is that?
The things progressive democrats want clash directly with the things Hillary's big money corporate donors want. Progressives want medicare for all, well Hillary has taken a lot of money from insurance companies and big pharma, so she has to stick to Obamacare, a private insurance for all system. 
"We may not win"?  If Hillary wins in November we all lose any way you look at it.  A vote for Hillary is a slap in the face of true Democracy.
How about this.....
So we know Debbie Wasserman Schultz was the co-chair of Hillary's 2008 presidential run where she lost to Obama. So in order to lock down the nomination for 2016, Hillary had to get DWS in charge of the DNC and manipulate it from the inside.
In order for this to work, they would not only have to get the DNC chair to step down, but recommend DWS for the position. The Clinton's would have to promise something to that person. Something more prestigious than being the head of the democratic party. So what would they get.....?
According to http://rulers.org/usgovt.html#parties the person who stepped down and recommended DWS was non other than....
Tim Kaine.
Hillary doesn't do strategy, like persuade voters. She just expresses her natural abusive character, and it shapes the character of her campaign. In any case, she's probably planning on stealing the general election like she stole the primary, so voters are irrelevant to her.
That is it! If unity under a progressive movement was what they wanted they could have had it, but they wanted to crush a movement. Both their parties are teetering destruction. I see Hillary as a conservative, because I see her as the standard barer of the status quo, not the progressive movement.

The funny thing is the two parties have just become red herrings that pretend to represent conservative or progressive ideology, but they represent maintaining a rigid hierarchy. In truth Hillary was the conservative movement and Bernie was the progressive movement. Paying lip service just becomes less and less valuable as people realize they are never going to be a part of the establishment conservatism wishes to maintain. 

[deleted]
Ain't that the truth! :(
It is up to Hillary Clinton to win our votes. It is not Bernie Sanders job to ensure our votes.
I've done a lot of research on narcissism because my sister is one. I think Hillary Clinton is one as well. It's no wonder she isn't trying to win Sanders supporters. She is so use to getting her way she can't imagine that she needs us to win. Here are a few personality traits that, in my opinion, explain Clinton's illogical behavior. 

"Narcissistic Personality Disorder is marked by traits including lack of empathy, obsession with social status or grandiosity, superficial charm, and inability to listen to, or show any regard for, others"

"Here are the things you can NOT do with a Narcissist:

Communicate, Compromise, Be Heard, Be Understood, Seek Resolution, Discuss a Logical Sequence of Events, Seek Support, Have a Different Opinion, Express Your Opinion, Agree to Disagree, Move on, Move Past, Let it go, Find a Sense of Union with Another."
Spot on
HRC and Trump Both answer to money, this movement doesn't so it's a threat
We already lost.
I know how you feel Nomiki "cool name" Konst.
Who wants HER to win, anyway?
http://i.imgur.com/OzTlMyk.png
Any Bernie supporter here remember being told for the last 12 months that 'Hillary is more electable'?

The irony would be delicious if it wasn't more tragic. They actually need Bernie supporters to make her competitive. More electable candidates shouldn't have to cajole, bully and insult people into voting for them because they are the lesser of two shit choices.
The reason they are trying to shut down this movement is because more so  than Trump, this movement poses an existential threat to that organisation as it currently exists.
She's made more than enough gestures to win the Bernie vote. The tuition-free college plan and healthcare plan **that she and Bernie wrote together**. Her pledge to overturn Citizens United and get comprehensive immigration reform on the table in her first hundred days. Her adoption of the $15 minimum wage. Both parties working to get Progressive staples into the platform.

The problem isn't that she's not trying to win the Bernie-or-Bust vote - it's that nothing will ever good enough for them. They will accept nothing but total victory, which is absurd, especially given that Bernie lost.
Everyone here has already decided one way or the other. Clinton would be wasting her time trying to pander to any holdouts. 

I voted for Sanders, I donated to Sanders. I'll respect his wishes and my own by voting for Clinton to stop Trump. 

Exactly what happened, this is the reason I don't believe that the DNC email dump was a Russian cyber espionage. People in the DNC knew what was happening, they saw the inherent corruption growing in the DNC, they were feed up and demoralized that this could happen in their country. When Snowden leaked his information on 2013, that gave them the impetus to blow the whistle on what they saw as corruption.
I remember when I posted this and it was removed with out address. Glad to see the back up, but it's so frustrating to put effort into post and then be taken down for a rule I didn't even break.
No he wasn't offered VP but if you look at his fundraising totals, you'll see a certain Clinton connected fundraising source give him money to put him in the top 5 funded Senate races of that year. 
https://www.instagram.com/p/BIYZXSUDVDy/
I was thinking this too and a bit of research:

It looks like he was tight with Obama and was bypassed for VP. Since he couldn't run for governor again as an incumbent that would mean the next step would be Senator at some point when there was an opening after 2010. 

VA Senators at the time: Mark Warner (D) 2009-2016 and Web (D) 2007-2013. Jim Webb decided to "retire" from the Senate in 2012/2013 - although [reportedly](http://www.politico.com/story/2011/11/webb-goes-out-swinging-067394) it was more of a "split" with the president/party. So, I'd think Obama/Dems promised Kaine a Senate seat + financial support for his race and got him in there as soon as possible. It's unclear if the VP is just an added bonus or if it was more of a concession from Hillz to Obama???? 


TIMELINE:

* Kaine was governor of VA 2006-2010 and couldn't run for re-election due to the state's constitution of no incumbent runs.
* He was also considered for Obama's VP in 2008 but instead was "awarded" with the DNC Chair position which is usually high-profile. He also endorsed Obama over Hillary so apparently they're close.
* DNC Chair January 2009  April 2011. Apparently "he turned down the DNC Chair position the first time it was offered to him, expressing misgivings about accepting a partisan position, but nonetheless took the job at the request of President Obama. He oversaw a significant expansion of the party's grassroots focus through Organizing for America, the political operation for the White House.
* Donna Brazile became acting interim Chair in 2011 when Tim resigned to run for Senate with Debbie replacing him after. 
* He's been a Senator since 2012/2013 - 2016 

For reference:  OFA is the former infrastructure of Obama's presidential campaign, and in an effort to keep its 13 million-member e-mail list from going stagnant for four years, the group became what one DNC official describes as a "project" of the DNCthis, even though Obama's coalition included more than just die-hard Democrats. "One of Kaine's biggest accomplishments is overseeing the integration of OFA into the DNC," 

([Source1 : Wiki](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Tim_Kaine)) 
([Source2 : Newsweek 2009](http://www.newsweek.com/why-tim-kaine-so-low-key-dnc-chair-80993)) : 



The plot thickens
This really needs to be a youtube video, not talking about who the DNC Chair from 2009-2011 was, and then drop it at the end as a reveal.
Baseless speculation. He ran for the Senate and was elected, which ended his term.
You people are insane
You're a bunch of fucking morons. So glad this sub won't exist after tomorrow.
Hillary's camp didn't even want her to be the chair. They've been trying to get her out for ages:

http://www.politico.com/story/2016/07/debbie-wasserman-schultz-dnc-226100
Hi `News2016`. Thank you for participating in /r/SandersForPresident. However, [your submission](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4v1c5t/bernie_sanders_delegates_complain_of_disrespect/) did not meet the requirements of the [community guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules) and was therefore removed for the following reason(s): 

----

* **[Over-discussion](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_title_and_subject_rules.) (rule #5b):** Submissions which contain content that is posted very consistently may be removed.

 * Overdiscussed topics may be given megathreads in some cases, but all overdiscussed topics are ineligible to be reposted regardless of the 30 day repost limit. 

 * Major breaking news will almost always be given a megathread.

 * Before posting a policy question about Bernie, please visit [FeelTheBern.org](http://www.feelthebern.org) and use the search bar to look for various terms related to your post.



* **[Low Productivity](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_title_and_subject_rules.) (rule #6):** Submissions which provide little content or in-depth material are considered low productive, such as unsubstantial text posts, or link posts to text conversations, screenshots, memes, photos, or other low content material.





----

If you have any specific questions about this removal, please [message the moderators](https://www\.reddit\.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FSandersForPresident&subject=about my removed submission&message=I'm writing to you about the following submission: https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4v1c5t/bernie_sanders_delegates_complain_of_disrespect/. %0D%0DMy issue is...). Hateful or vague messages will not receive a response. **Please do not respond to this comment.**
Yeah, I posted this NOT because I agreed with it but BC I thought people should know what was being written about us.
Yeah, this is "the last hurrah" for Bernie's movement like Lexington and Concord was the last hurrah for the American rebels. 
 #whitenoise

stop lying

[I had enough. I will not be bullied!](https://m.facebook.com/Put-Bernie-on-the-General-Election-Ballot-1232738150104891)
r/political_revolution
Do we have any #DemExit numbers yet? Or is tomorrow the big day?
I feel exactly as you do. After 25 yrs a Dem, no more


Hundreds of Millions of dollars & hours of time - heart & soul only to have
door Repeatedly slammed in our face; blatant corruption, abuse, lies, insults, rigging, blaming: 'Let's Unify!'


Don't worry DNC, we are unified, just not with you #GoGreen
When Bernie endorsed Hillary, I turned Green in the face.
34-year Dem here in a swing state. I'm gone. 
I just reregistered as an Independent. Feels Great!
40 years and I'm out.  I realize now that I'm actually not a Democrat.
I left the dnc this morning, going to celebrate tonight with a few beers 
First time post on Reddit for me. I'm from California. This election was the first time I was heavily involved in politics from the top to the bottom, and it's because of the movement Sanders started. I mindlessly voted Dem since my first election. Today, I left the Democratic Party. I feel betrayed. #DemExit
22+ years and im out
In 1988, I registered as a Democrat, to vote for Jesse Jackson in the primary.  I wanted to vote for Gary Hart, but, you know what happened.  I guess I have a history of supporting underdogs.  Almost immediately after that I reregistered as a Libertarian.  I stayed registered as a Libertarian for the next 19 years; I'd been looking to get away from them, and I heard a speech Barack Obama gave, on how fighting racism, sexism, and so forth, isn't a zero sum game.  That flipped me over to him, and I registered Democratic again in 2007.  

After the California primary, I registered Green.  Never registering big two again.  
I've been registered democratic sine I turned 18. I originally registered that way just so I could vote in the primaries since I live in closed primary state. I'm glad I was registered that way this year of course to vote Bernie. I'm deciding now if I should Demexit and go green or register independent? I voted for Jill in 2012. I'm doing the same in November. The last few weeks I've been thinking maybe I should have been doing more for her earlier along with helping Bernie. I so wish Bernie was the nom. Ok sorry I had to say that. I won't again. Time to move forward with his revolution.
Good for you. Many people will follow suit.
after sanders pulled me back into the fold, i left that party once the nomination was stolen from him

so long, dems. i thought you could be progressive.
The green party is now the home to progressives. 

Send a message to the Dems, change your voter registration and make a donation to the greens.

I did so today, after 16 years as a dem, I'm now a green. $27 bucks for Jill Stein, too.

P.S. Right now the greens are receiving dollar for dollar matches on donations up to 200 bucks or so. Your donations count double.
22 years - in with a Clinton and escaped just in time for the next Clinton!
I unregistered too.  Good for you
After 47 years I AM LIBERATED! The shit candidates always with the lesser of two and the fucking SCOTUS scare to awaken, then now accept that they have been suppressing progressives since the 70's, culminating in now this is an open vote stealing con, non party. Adding, I'm NOT happy either! Awakened!
16-year Dem here. Changed my preference to "no party" last week and already received my new voter registration card. Am also in a swing state. :) It feels good!
Dem for 20 years, not anymore.  I voted for Stein in 2012, I've not yet decided what I'm going to do in November, I have a great deal more thinking to do.  This decision is excruciating to me.
Me after 30 years.  I have to say, nomination of Hillary is the worst.
Good for you! People, if you live in a solid blue or red State, consider voting third-party. I'm in California and I know Hillary will win here, so I will be casting my vote for the Green Party. No one can get upset with me about a Nader bomb because there's no way in hell that Trump would win my state. So it's a win-win situation, and you don't have to vote for the lesser of two evils.
I'm in the same boat. A 10 year Dem and now I'm in an existential crisis about where to go from here. 
Can't #Demexit in Ohio technically until the next Primary unfortunately
Just registered green party and signed up to volunteer for Jill Stein. She will represent ALL Americans. 
27 years a dem, a reliable voter who always came to the polls with the Dem voter guide clutched in my hand. I will still go to the polls with the guide in my hand but as a guide to who is a corrupt corporatist. I am leaving the party forever, tomorrow. It would have been earlier but I am waiting till after the convention. I am a proud independent now. Can we jump start the Bull Moose Party please?
It is so very liberating to NO longer be a part of the disgusting filth that the Elite have made out of the old Democratic Party.  Thank you Wikileaks, and all those Berners that worked so hard this campaign season so support Bernie and the political revolution.

I say to all of you still trapped in this lousy party, get out, get out while you can.  There is no saving that piece of trash.  I wonder what religious tome or other historical text Obama will be plagiarizing from in order to deliver the speech tonight as though it were fully his own.

Bernie, are you listening?  It is time to pack up and move on.
I left the party for the 3rd and last time on the 4th of July. Never again, Dems.
The Clintons really ruined the Democratic party. I carpooled with a couple to Reno to canvass for Bernie and on the trip there I learned that the woman has done decades of voter outreach and canvassing for Democrats and unions. She said she met Clinton's team for an event when they came to Sacramento back in the 90s and that they were total cocks. I can't imagine anybody Carter would have around him would act that way, especially towards somebody that's supposed to be your friend. I would say the same for Obama, but he had to sell part of his soul in 2008 and so still has some of that Clinton taint on him with some of the people he keeps close.
I'm with you  #Demexit
I'll see you and raise you. 30-year Dem. Now Independent. It's as easy as ABC - Anyone But Clinton
I've always just been unaffiliated but never had much of a problem with the now ironically named democratic party other than the fact that they're part of a shitty two party system, but they just made it personal. If hillary had beaten Bernie fair and square I would be OK with it, and might even support her, but this was a goddamn atrocity 
I agree. I have watched the party devolve over the past two decades of being active in the political world and this corruption has to end. It is internal and absolutely an embarrassment. I am voting for Trump now as I am not convinced he is exactly what is needed for a wake up call to these corrupt officials. Voting green would simply be a wasted vote and would allow Clinton a higher propensity to get in. I won't risk that and will no longer support the Democratic party after this. 

This is a long time coming but I am so disgusted right now and am (personally) convinced that this whole thing was orchestrated by Clinton. She has no business being in the POTUS chair and if it takes me voting for Trump for that to be a reality I will (gladly) do it. 
Democrats are no longer Democrats.
same
Did just the same, de-registered after 6 years.
15 years as a Dem, switched to Unenrolled this morning.
I think the Democratic party has decided to be corporatists instead of progressives.  To that extent they don't need and won't get my support, donations, or vote.  (I'd point out:  The Dems risk losing a lot with Hillary as the standard bearer, i.e. here in Colorado will incumbent Senator Bennet get more or less votes with Hillary as the selection for executive?  I don't know, to be honest.)

&nbsp;

Talk about the Children's Defense Fund?  Well, the Edelmans disagreed with the approach used by Bill and left the Bill administration over it.  I had made up my mind two decades ago about the Clintons, so it's interesting to see the past brought up in a scrubbed down form.  Here's another perspective, with Edelmans info:  [Hillary Clinton often boasts about helping children, but she betrayed them as First Lady](http://www.salon.com/2015/10/15/the_worst_thing_hillary_clinton_has_ever_done/)
My dream is the green party and libertarian party somehow compromise and join together

I support freedom in social rights, but I also don't want to lick the assholes of corporations
We are not the ones who should be leaving DNC. Its the corrupt Clinton cronies who hijacked it and used it for their benefit. 

If life has taught me anything - *Never run away from your problems, face them head on.*

Us running away only makes them bolder and more corrupt. After seeing the \#DemExit on this sub last night, I really gave it a hard thought, after so many left the DNC.

We are not the ones who should be leaving!
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Me either!

Is it trending on Google yet?
Any Bernie supporters voting for Trump are an embarrassment to Bernie. 

Please do not say you ever supported Bernie if you are going to vote for the racist, misogynist, climate-denier, bigoted, dumb, hypocritical, lying Trump. Get yourself a white sheet and cross to wear to complete your transformation.  

Are there any moderators left here? This was Kossacks for Sanders. Not for Trump. 

Wait I don't get it how were you a democrat for 20 years if you're a 21 year old white kid?
You know how you know if someone isn't voting for Hillary? They'll tell ya!
God you people are depressing.
41 years. 

I'm in NC, a swing state, and a state that allows Unaffilated to vote in primaries.  Otherwise I would have not switched. 

I am captive in a state run by regressive Repugs. They are slashing public schools and teacher pay, trying to steal Asheville's clean public water; voted in the idiotic bathroom laws. The GOP wants to privatize our National Parks. They are horrible and no question worse than Dems.  They will be hell for our minorities. 

I am a very strong Bernie supporter. Gave him my time and lots of my money. I agree with him. Trump is much worse and will set our movement WAY back, even in 4 years. Imagine 3 more Anton Scalia's on the SCOTUS.   

I am going to hold my nose and vote against Trump and follow Bernie's lead. 


Ex-Sanders supporters: You'd trust him with the nuclear codes, but you don't trust his judgment about the best path forward for the movement we built together?
Would you like a coat? We have some spare ones. 
Ok bye
Maybe next election, but I'd prefer him to be a Progressive Party senator instead. 
He's going back to being an independent 
How to make him to be a senate majority leader maybe all of us should write to our senators?
Won't happen but I would love it. If there was a guarantee I would consider voting Dem. 
You mean he should be minority leader
It will be another corporate Dem, Schumer.  Further, since 1000 Sanders delegates, or whatever the number, walked out of the Convention, why the hell should the establishment party do this?  If everyone is #Demexiting, that gives the establishment a formal reason to not give concessions to Sanders.  It's why Sanders was saying don't walk out.  Sanders has an entryist goal of taking over the Democratic party with progressives, social democrats, democratic socialists - much the same way Corbyn's "Trotskyists" took over the UK's establishment Labour party.  People who Demexit work in opposition to what Sanders is trying to achieve.
He would need to join the democratic party if he wanted to be the majority leader.
Democrats would have to win back a majority for that to happen.  
I think he wants to head Budget.
Why do sites insist on implementing power scroll?
Not sure that's a good idea, he did endorse HRC.
He's not a goddamn Democrat. What is wrong with you people?
I just checked the video footage where there is a closeup of his face during his brother's endorsement and the gash is indeed there...wtf?
[removed]
Hi `Bailerooni`. Thank you for participating in /r/SandersForPresident. However, [your submission](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4v1cky/what_do_you_guys_think_about_the_theory_that/) did not meet the requirements of the [community guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules) and was therefore removed for the following reason(s): 

----

* **[Uncivil](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_personal_conduct) (rule #1):** All /r/SandersForPresident submissions should be civil and should emulate the behavior seen by Senator Sanders in his campaign efforts. 

 * All interactions with other users should be respectful and insult-free, regardless of that particular user's viewpoints





* **[Negative Campaigning or Campaigning for other Candidates](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_personal_conduct) (rule #1b):** Submissions on /r/SandersForPresident should be free of campaigning for other candidates as well as negative smears, distortions, or personal attacks about *any* candidate or public figure.

 * Criticizing a particular politician (including any presidential candidate) is acceptable as long as it's constructive criticism.



* **[Off-Topic](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_title_and_subject_rules.) (rule #3):** Material posted on /r/SandersForPresident should include significant and overt references to Bernie or the campaign. 

 * Posts which contain general political information (non-Bernie related) should be posted on /r/Politics or /r/PoliticalDiscussion. If this submission is to a link that does not meet the above criteria but you believe would contribute to /r/SandersForPresident, consider writing a text post with appropriate Bernie-relevant framing and the current link to spark insightful discussion. If this submission is already a text post, consider resubmitting with more substantial Bernie-relevant framing.





* **[Low Productivity](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_title_and_subject_rules.) (rule #6):** Submissions which provide little content or in-depth material are considered low productive, such as unsubstantial text posts, or link posts to text conversations, screenshots, memes, photos, or other low content material.



* **[Coordinated Solicitation or Harassment  and Linking to Online Petitions or Polls,](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_title_and_subject_rules.) (rule #7):** Submissions which contain content that unofficially call for coordinated group efforts aimed at targeting specific individuals or groups who actively support a stance other than our own are not permitted. 

 * Calls for violation of [reddit's global rules](/rules) (including votes on a particular post or harassment of users) will not be tolerated in any scenario. 

*Linking to online petitions or polls without prior mod approval is also prohibited. 



* **[Posting Conspiracy Theories or Fear Mongering](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_title_and_subject_rules.) (rule #8):** Submissions which contain information designed to cause over-speculation or panic about a specific event will be removed. 

 * Speculative articles or text post discussions revolving around possible conspiracy theories will be considered conspiracy theories themselves and will be removed. 






----

If you have any specific questions about this removal, please [message the moderators](https://www\.reddit\.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FSandersForPresident&subject=about my removed submission&message=I'm writing to you about the following submission: https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4v1cky/what_do_you_guys_think_about_the_theory_that/. %0D%0DMy issue is...). Hateful or vague messages will not receive a response. **Please do not respond to this comment.**
cool conspiracy breh

i mean it's not like he said he likes her and would support the nominee, from the very start. no, obviously hillary is literally satan and bernie hates her. that's why he helped her push her healthcare reform back in '93. 
> If Wasserman Schultzs job was to ensure that a Democrat got the Democratic party nomination, then she might have been doing her job correctly (even if Bernies supporters would disagree).

Bullshit.  If the Dem party doesn't belong to its members, the million of voters, then it is not an element of democracy.  Neither Clinton, nor DWS, and not Bernie Sanders get to decide the leadership of this democratic body if it is to be called that.
Why isn't he going after Clinton!!??
Good for him! Mic Drop. #jillnothill
#DNCleaks #BernieGotBurned #WriteInBernie #VoteGreen or #VoteLibertarian

the Democratic Party does not represent us.

Watch him join the Green party and Jill Stein... that would be the ultimate middle finger to the DNC
[deleted]
[BERN-STEIN.png](http://imgur.com/a/i51xg)
Welcome back.
He doesn't go back, he was an independent all along (technically). He said he'll get reelected on a Democratic Party ballot.
Yep. Unless Trump somehow rigs the election against her (I think it would be the other way around anyway), she has no one but herself and her campaign to blame if she loses. 
It's not up to me to prevent the consequences of their stupid mistake.

Edit:  To expand on this, if someone does something stupid (like, say, supporting a jerkass candidate who steals the election), and tries to guilt you into protecting them from the consequences (like, say, OMG, IF THEY LOSE, 999 SUPREME CUORT JUTSITCIES!!!!111!!oneoneelveneleven), they're trying to make you into their codependent.  They really do have a problem, like a drug problem or an alcohol problem, it's just that their particular problem is that they're in a relationship with a serial abuser (you know who).  
I would, if I were american, argue with myself if I should follow my conscience and vote for Jill Stein, or even Socialist Party USA (I don't remember the name of their candidate), or if I should pinch my nose and cast a "pragmatic" vote for Clinton just to stop Trump.

I respect both choices.
AMEN
I feel like one rational position to take is to vote strategically. If you are in a swing state I would consider making a vote to avoid a Trump presidency (If you feel it matters between the two). In safe states I would vote your conscience. So if you feel Hillary go Hillary, if you feel Jill Stein go Jill Stein. Alot of people say "safe" states may not be "safe". If that is the case the media needs to adress it because if there is that much flux this aint a two party race it is anything goes. 
I refuse to feel guilty in who I decide to vote for regardless of what anyone else says, given that it's my right as a citizen of this country.   All this fear/guilt mongering going on does nothing more than prove the politicians are doing exactly what they want by getting citizens fighting amongst themselves, all the while ignoring the fact that we're nothing but cattle to them. 

Vote for whomever you want in whatever state you want and ignore the guilt/fear and deal with it.   If the person who wins wrecks this country, remember that we're all in this together and blaming others only works to help those who already think you're here to make their life on this planet better.
I agree
I wonder which parts of the TPP this delegate in a Robbin Hood hat disagrees with 
Yeah, but either way it's our price to pay.
"If Hillary doesn't win, that's Hillary's fault," while true, isn't really the point.

Ensuring that Trump *loses* is really the point. 

Honestly, I've wavered on this, there were times when I actually thought Trump was the "lesser evil." Trump has managed to convince me otherwise.  I think he's a potential disaster, one that promises to eclipse GWB as the worst modern president, if elected, likely to be in the running as "worst president ever." And it's not even Trump himself; it's that it lends credibility to lunacy. 

On the other hand, Clinton has confirmed for me that she is, indeed, exactly what I expected - and no worse than that. And she's also been forced to give ground - something that I honestly did *not* expect. I'm not happy with that outcome - but I don't think it's likely to be much worse than what we have now, and it doesn't *preclude* future adjustments. OTOH - if you want to see what I truly fear, go peek in on the doings in Turkey. 

Let us recall the current number of lunatics that currently are in Congress and either are not facing re-election or will be safely re-elected. There's not going to be a sanity-check veto in place. 

OTOH, I'm not that worried about Clinton getting her agenda through that blockade - especially on issues were Democrats, both old and freshly elected - may not support her.  

But let's say that you still can't bring yourself to vote against Trump by voting for Clinton. It's a perspective I viscerally understand. 

Consider voting for Gary Johnson. This does two things; first, it's a vote Trump does not get. Second, it's a vote for a sane and rational person that you can actually have an intelligent disagreement with. Wouldn't it be great to return to an age where you could have a disagreement over politics and still part company as friends? 

I understand voting for Jill Stein but that splits the Democratic vote. Bad tactics. OTOH, becoming a Green after this election - that might be pretty good strategy. And I encourage everyone to support the Green platform to the extent that reason permits - and stop sharply *at* that point. 

Personally, I think we can count this as a win if we do not let the perfect become the enemy of the good. I disagree with the article - I think Progressives got more like 60%. That's nowhere near 95% percent. But it's 60% more than we were *supposed* to get. Let's take that as the triumph that it actually is, and get ready to fight for the next 40%. 
Both sides declare that every cycle. It's meaningless. The time for establishment politics and economics is over.
Trump -- words.

Hillary -- deeds.

Actions speak louder.
Trump has the *potential* to be the most dangerous.

Clinton *is* the most dangerous, based on her history.
that was your agenda bernie ..but its not ours ..you see we have learned that the dnc and clinton are so corrupt they are as evil as trump ..it doesnt matter which of them wins ..it matters that clinton and the dnc dont validate their theft of democracy, if clinton gets elected she wont listen to the people ..she will continue with the bad things she has already done and do worse ..trump just say he will do stupid stuff ..clinton actually has done the evil things. and as we all know she lies ..and so does the dnc ..no promise can be considered one they will keep. make green the new blue do not validate the death of progressivism.
>It seems to me that we have a couple of missions in front of us, as we look at politics a little differently than many others, Sanders said. Issue No. 1 over the next few months, it is absolutely imperative that we work as hard as we can to make sure Donald Trump is defeated and Hillary Clinton is elected.

>And the reason that (we) have to work so hard is that Donald Trump is the most dangerous candidate to run for president in the modern history of this country," Sanders added.
I rolled my eyes so hard 

Bernie lost all my respect.
and Hillary the second most dangerous candidate in modern history.  Also with a Hillary win the oligarchy will be so permanently cemented and entrenched any hope of a true future Democracy will die.  At least with Trump, he will be too stupid to rig the system beyond repair.  So Corporate Authoritarian Fascism or Corporate Oligarchic Fascism.  Fun choice.
Well, I could believe that a month ago when everyone was saying Trump was going to start WW3 with Russia, but now that CNN/MSNBC/ABC/CBS is saying Trump is best buds with Putin because of the email leak, I think this isn't true. If Trump is working with Russia, I'd imagine that there is less chance he'll start a war with them.
Lol what a joke Sanders is.

The most dangerous candidate in modern history is Hillary Clinton.  Never have we've seen a more corrupt politician.
I am about 60% certain at this point that Trump is a Clinton puppet placed strategically to create dissent amongst establishment Republicans and "unite" Democrats. I am betting he drops out before election night. Jill all the way!
X-Post referenced from /r/mapporn by /u/CodieMaps  
[Close Calls: Democratic primaries and caucuses won by less than 5% of the popular vote [OC][OS][926x630]](https://www.reddit.com/r/MapPorn/comments/4uxgw2/close_calls_democratic_primaries_and_caucuses_won/)
*****  
  
^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot. ^^I ^^delete ^^my ^^negative ^^comments. ^^[Contact](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=OriginalPostSearcher) ^^| ^^[Code](https://github.com/papernotes/Reddit-OriginalPostSearcher) ^^| ^^[FAQ](https://github.com/papernotes/Reddit-OriginalPostSearcher#faq)
Marches won't do shit and your demands will fall on deaf ears in the party and everyone knows it. The party doesn't think they need progressives. Vote for someone else or nothing will change. Period.

Edit: Downvote all you want. The protests outside the DNC aren't working. Protests INSIDE the DNC will get attention. After the convention is over a random march won't do anything, come up with more effective plans.
That list is s good start!
You are great, thank YOU!
Why on earth would Hillary's campaign get to control who speaks and who doesn't?! Americans' idea of how a political party should function is extremely weird
Im telling you. Its time to go Green or something else. This is exactly what will happen to dissenters if she is President. You think when she is in office that she is going to tolerate anyone who steps out of line or criticizes her? hell no. Hillary does what she wants, when she wants. I have to think Bernie is already deeply regretting endorsing her.
No voice no unity!
Fortunately, for Nina, as a result of not being included, she wasn't slimed by the whole DNC fiasco.  There is a silver lining in every cloud!  Go Green, Nina!
This is unacceptable and there should be consequences.  Go Green, Nina!
She said she wouldn't get into the reasons she wasn't allowed to speak, but in the Mother Jones article published today, it said she wasn't given any reason at all, that Bernie just said he'd been informed by the Clinton campaign they didn't want her on the stage?

http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2016/07/nina-turner-sanders-democratic-national-convention

I think there is more to this story, but we may never know.
The Clinton Campaign must be punishing her for switching.
http://www.cleveland.com/open/index.ssf/2016/07/bernie_sanders_backer_nina_tur.html

"  .  .  . The bitterness dates to last fall, when Turner switched her allegiance to Sanders. The former Cleveland city councilwoman and high-ranking Ohio Democratic Party leader was among Clinton's early backers. 

[deleted]
I mean it is nice that we made enough noise for them to appease us on the other hand not nice that MSNBC forces her to be all professional over unprofessional slights to project unity.
I'm SO glad they are doing this. Notice that you have to use celebrities to get MSM.

Not sure what the words are to describe the state of the American political scene
Bernie started a fire and now it is spreading. I love it. The man is a hero
So what exactly happened ? Can someone recap ?
Anyone have a link to a stream?
Don't hold anything back!
I hope she calls for.an investigation into all the info found in DNC leaks. Because no one else seems to be and it's pissing me off
Anyone have a stream?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipt4RGQbmZg--  Political Revolution T.V.






WTF!!!

The DNC told Nina Turner - "You did not heel!".

If this is true, the DNC is fucked. 
Is this 5:45 EST?
Another feed:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yMQ5uFFZSM4
These are my passe. These are my people. Gosh, I wish I was there with them. I am so proud of all of them. 
You GO Nina!  I so admire your courage and your commitment!

Expose the lying filthy scum that the Elite are.  And, of course, that would include the illegitimate Democratic nominee.  This small band of crooks have stolen the Democratic party from the American people and most don't even realize this.

Let it rip and share the truth Nina, be LOUD and stay PROUD!


http://tytnetwork.com/live/

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipt4RGQbmZg
A working live stream- http://therealnews.com/t2/
The reporters there are so fucking stupid with their questions. They're trying to pre-construct headlines when they're supposed to be asking serious questions
Will it be streamed somewhere?  Will send this to TYT (they probably know about it but what the heck?)
[removed]
Glad to see this brought fully into the public eye because this is so emblematic of what is wrong with the Party, So what is the new DNC Chair doing about this? Nothing?
I really hope she has some new fact that can gain traction. If she just complains about being silenced no news will pick it up.
Where/how can I watch this event?! I presume that msm will not be covering it at all.
[Press Conference: Why is the DNC Trying to Silence Nina Turner? - DNC convention coverage
Political RevolutionTV](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipt4RGQbmZg)
Go Nina!
Lol, when I first saw the title I read it as "Ninja Turtle Press Conference at 5:45pm".
She wasn't even there.
Link to any live feeds please?
anyone know the intended direction of what she is going to talk about?
Is Nina still speaking tonight?
I don't think this ended up happening

Any recordings?
Is there an update?
I was finally able to see Nina speak on the Tube.

In summary, the DNC is suppressing the voice of the Bernie surrogates, the Bernie delegates and in doing so, they are exerting full and total control over all the proceedings.

I am disappointed in the Senator given how he is failing to support those that fully supported him over the past year and more.  I expect more.  Such is the power, control and machinations of the DNC and the Democratic Party.
Streaming here:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bm7h0IXc0MY
Says the guy who rallied hundreds of his casino-owning donors' unregistered workers to brigade the polls for Clinton and then disappear without a trace...
Coming from the guy who told Bernie 'sometimes you just have to give up' a week before states like California and New Jersey voted. The same guy who used his influence to help Hillary win Nevada and after that was [spreading lies](http://thehill.com/homenews/senate/280206-reid-urges-sanders-to-condemn-violence-in-nevada) about the Nevada convention. Oh well...

I knew  everybody knew  that this was not a fair deal, he added.

I know shes tried hard, but as some people probably know, I thought Bernie deserved somebody that was not critical to him. So Im sorry she had to resign, but it was the right thing to do. She should have done it sooner.

This implies that Reid knew it was a rigged game before the leaks came out. So he should've probably spoken out sooner, instead of doing it when the damage is done to try and sway Bernie supporters to vote for Clinton. 
Fuck off Harry Reid! Just fuck the hell off.

You knew, you had your chance.

This olive branch bullshit will be coming after Bernie supporters because of the effects in the polls the DNC leaks will have in the coming months.

Also, Harry Reid blamed Bernie for insisting to do the right thing in Nevada when the Chair of the convention did not follow the rules and accused Bernie supporters of being violent.
Reid was part of that. 
Sorry, Harry. You betrayed your "friend" Bernie and the rest of the country. Hillary's supporters may uninformed enough to fall for this kind of tactic but Berners have been paying very close attention. We know about your bullshit assist to Clinton when you lobbied the casino's to let their employees leave work with pay if they'd go vote for Hillary.
Look at all these cronies trying to separate themselves from the corruption now. Go fuck yourselves. The only honourable democrat is Tulsi as far as I'm concerned.
The man does realize he's talking about himself, doesn't he?
Oh fuckkkkkk himmmmmmm
You were part and parcel of the problem.  The DNC? This from you? Not even a mea culpa.
Is that why you weren't at the Nevada convention, you coward?
It's nice to read comments on the Hill article & see that everyone is pretty pissed about this... Not just us.
This is so weird.  Why is he saying this stuff now?  Is it possible he knows more is coming from wiki leaks and wants to cover his ass?  
I am shocked. SHOCKED! To find there is gambling going on here!
L m a o what is Harry Dollar-Signs Reid going to do about it? Use words, and then turn around and condemn us for not voting for a cheater. 
Too little too late, Harry, you ain't fooling no one
Well, there goes freedom of speech.  I guess the Constitution really meant freedom as long as you say exactly what the party wants.  Guess I thought that freedom of speech was somewhat sacred.  I did not think that the DNC would be worse than Saddam Hussein in Iraq.  The DNC should wake up.
more evidence that both parties are the same 
Staged Convention for a Staged Election!
Holy shit that was a bigger walkout than I thought. Not a good sign.
And does the media report, that Dem convention is half empty because of Hillary? Why is this not front page news? Why is no one talking how Hillary has ripped this party apart? WHY?????
Replacements are en route.
http://philadelphia.craigslist.org/tlg/5702670381.html 
If something like this had happened after they nominated Trump, there would be headlines for days. On Morning Joe this morning, they said "Only about 100 people left in protest."
WA pride
#BOO HILLARY DURING HER SPEECH
very happy to see the CA delegates left, did not expect that honestly.
You guys want to see what Unity looks like 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGRo1mH2_8w
https://www.facebook.com/jeff.day.359/videos/836268536504115/
Thank you Utah delegates. Bernie could have turned the state blue. Hillary? Fat chance.
The entire west coast walked out. Let that sink in.
Wait what wall? The fence border??
Break down the barriers eh!? Stay safe. You guys are extremely brave to speak out against oppression.
Stay safe you brave mofos! Never lose your sense of outrage!
hmm  1968 again? 
I was hearing chatter of some extremist groups showing up tonight and a lot of protestors were worried they'd cause a huge scene.. I hate it when people try to hijack a movement.
Periscope link seems down already. Was it shutdown?
Hopefully there will be no violence BUT at the same time if nothing happen the MSM so far have been able to spin this convention into unity despite all the shit that happened and that they had to cover.
[deleted]
You have to get the app to watch the video. Can someone please link a video outside of this platform?
Love the goon cops protecting the oligarchy and the sheep in the convention. 
Holyshit some anarchy protester and Bernie supporters got into it and a part of the lady's dress got caught on fire!

Edit:Flag burning... :(
Ghandi.  Don't you dare. Just leave. Screw them they are not worth it. We love you get away from that evil. You fought like crazy. It's a sick system get out of there please go. We love you. No more of this leave . Get out of there.
And right now they're chanting "burn all flags" ...
"A year ago, Hannah Zimmerman was sulking in her room with a bad case of Netflix and no chill."

What kind of journalist starts an article about a 16 year old with this line. I am not a prude or ignorant, but seriously??
[deleted]
Is that a serious question?
The Democratic party had the opportunity to nominate an ethical candidate who would win against Trump. They blew it.
You know what I find most depressing about the outcome of this primary? The first woman (major party) nominee and possible first woman president will forever have an asterisk next to her name because of what she did to create that outcome. Sure, many progressives were upset Obama didn't do more of what he said he would. But at least the black community has an intelligent mostly respected man to look up to and be proud of as the first black president of the United States. What will women have to look up to? A legacy of cronyism and corruption that lead to the most hated person in politics cheating to win a "historical" nomination that isn't recognized as fair by over half the electorate of the US? So now people are going to act like young women should look up to this behavior? Strive to be like her? That's like striving to be Bill Cosby because no one told you he was a rapist. Or you didn't believe them when they said he was even though there was a mountain of evidence PROVING it. All you saw was what he played on tv and you believed that to be the real person. It truly is sad that the possible First woman president of the United States will be a shameful human being no one should look up to. I feel sorry for young women being lied to about someone they should "strive" to be like.
Ok, here is what I don't get about people's mentality. Trump doesn't represent Berners' values so they don't shouldn't vote for him. But somehow they have to vote for Hillary even if she also doesn't represent them or it's their fault that Trump wins? 

That's like saying because we can't have Hitler elected that's why you must vote Stalin, when there's a perfectly good woman FDR also available.
**When Hillary Clinton loses in November, it won't be Bernie Sanders' fault.**

Fixed that for you.
"Still, those most threatened by Trumps neo-fascism  people of color, queer people, the poor, workers and those who care about economic inequality - have been abandoned by the Democratic party and its nominee on economic justice." 

Preach
You would never know it by Media coverage this morning.
This sub tends to skew young.  So a quick history lesson.

In 2000, we had Bush v. Gore as the main party candidates.

Nader ran on the Reform Party ticket.

It's 2016 and people still blame Nader for the Gore loss.  However, Gore lost his home state.  More Democrats voted for Bush than voted for Nader.  If Nader hadn't run, it is certainly possible that Gore would have won.  But to the point that I think resonates here, why vote for the lesser candidate when a candidate that better represents my positions is available.

This of course doesn't even begin to get into the larceny of that election outside of those numbers with the Supreme Court, and the manipulation in Florida.

If Clinton loses, it is her inability to present a message that anybody believes.  And how bad a candidate is she that Trump has even a remote chance of winning?  Even if Bernie hadn't run, any normal Democrat against Trump, and we'd be talking about a 70-30 win or something.


If Hillary loses, it's because not enough people wanted her for president. Why is this even a talking point.
This image of her is so perfect.  As a woman, I am embarrassed that SHE is it.
It won't be Bernie's fault, his recommendation about the next steps for the movement couldn't be more clear
The way I see it, if the Democrats' success in the general election requires the support of Sanders' supporters so badly, perhaps they should not have ostracized us.
That is right!
They knew that trump was polling ahead of her and they still could have nominated Bernie. They are corrupt and they want an evil puppet.

DNC it's on you.
They'll blame us anyway. Truth went out the window a long time ago.
Two mentions of Bernie. Typical Guardian. 

Cute of them to try. 
It certainly won't be Bernie's fault because he has told everyone to vote for her.  He cannot be faulted if people who once followed him choose ignore him.
Correct. It will be the fault of (a) everyone who voted for Trump, (b) everyone who voted Third Party, and (c) everyone who didn't vote.
If Bernie Sanders loses in July it will be his fault.
[deleted]
I just want something that deals directly with hillary, something that makes her drop out. 
God bless the hacktivist
Who is Andrew?

This is who.

He is the DNC's treasurer -- since 1999.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrew_Tobias

He handles the MONEY.  Always FOLLOW THE MONEY.

_____________

ABCs Money Trail reported on the DNC leaks voicemails and said they showed individuals involved with fundraising large dollar amounts  up to $200,000  and were calling the Democratic Party to look for their rewards.

About the DNC leaks recordings, News Max states they show that [DNC] fundraising officials acted like gatekeepers for access to President Barack Obama and other top officials  brokering meetings to woo big-money donors.*

Read more at http://www.inquisitr.com/3353988/more-elections-wikileaks-promised-dnc-voicemails-show-big-money-corruption/#rqxfMWSPmk62PDgj.99

I looked through the Big Spreadsheet of All Things attachment and there is a ton of $ going to POTUS and FLOTUS for dinners and receptions.  Also alot of $ to HRC for "receptions" in 2014 at the homes of rich New York donors.

https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/?file=all+things&count=50#searchresult
Maybe they're showing their hand a little just to make the sweat drop. It could be a hint that the next hack is going to be more of this but with Hillary.
Omg shitting myself with excitement
The Mods have repeated said it will be archived just like /r/thebutton 
Anybody dig into these yet?
...and it doesn't fucking matter.

HRC could murder someone on stage and nothing would happen.
So let's see... after personally calling on the Culinary Workers Union to have their members vote only for Hillary Clinton and then sticking his nose into the s---show that masqueraded as the final Nevada Caucus and then personally calling Bernie to quit BEFORE the CA primary, Harry Reid now feels bad for his "friend" Bernie Sanders and issues a mea culpa because "everyone knew" Bernie was getting roger'd big time without any lube. Yeah, Harry, with friends like this...
If everyone knew, everyone was complicit, just like closely witnessing a rape or murder and doing nothing.
Good timing
isn't it his or some serious person's in congress job to try to help the country be fair and to make the powerful accountable to law and whatnot... i DO NOT get this...  "hey children this is a democracy, bills becoming law and stuff is old fashioned non-sense we won't discuss since it is not really what congress does... instead our leaders decide who they want to be president then they plot for ten years while ignoring their actual jobs and consittuents to make sure they get rich and keep their salaried scam jobs"
Wow, when crazy old great-grampa Reid has this stance, you know things are not good in the household.
What the hell does he mean, everybody. My parents taught me that if you mess up, the best thing to do is fess up and take the consequences, not cover it up. All the DNC had to do was issue a formal apology from Obama, Clinton and DWS. They could have made additional concessions on the platform as a sorry. They haven't even tried to make things right. Now they are asking us to bend over and yell thank you sir may I have another.
No third party is polling 10% because the msm is subduing demexit and actual poll numbers to spread Hillary propaganda. 
Vote for Stein and hope for the best
Meanwhile he looked pissed when hillary mentioned him in her speech.
Too bad she won't be strong enough come November.  I would have followed Bernie to the end, but not into Mordor.  
Nominating a known criminal of such epic proportions for POTUS is indeed quite historic.
Nope 
Bernie gallantly paid his dues to the party, and LEFT!
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-07-28/bernie-sanders-leaves-democratic-party
#/r/StillSandersForPres#
Sent by staff - he didn't sign it.
Everyone who's poo-pooing Sanders for this: that is your right. Just please stop saying you're #stillSanders, or that you care at all for his ideas or his goals. Because you clearly don't.
Gross. 
Now its time for you losers to become adults
What a disappointment he's become.
Much respect to Susan and Danny, keep fighting the good fight!

#Nina 2020!!?????
I was okay listening, but then the auto played video went on to say nothing with Hillary is wrong and that all attacks are lies and at that point I just saw the media doing the typical misrepresentation. I really hope some day we get a non corrupt media source that we can trust.
Always so down to earth and honest.  Gotta love Jane. 
Should I keep donating to sanders then? I need proof none of it will go to the DNC..

edit: no i'm not insinuating that sanders would do such a thing, but i want to make sure the money I donate does go towards the revolution. We already know the DNC is playing dirty, I want to make sure the greedy assholes don't get a cent. I want the money I donate to go towards progressive candidates.
And "NO MORE WARS"!
Sounds like a Trump rally, USA USA USA
Panetta loves drone strikes that just create more terrorists. He also is concerned about plans to cut our extremely bloated military budget.
"I was a dishwasher...." "LIES LIES LIES!" "no no I really was a washer of dishes guys. Come on stop its."
Good, the rest of the world is tired of your foreign policy debacles. Keep it up progressives! 
This is just karma for DWS. https://twitter.com/dwstweets/status/755135944412565504
[deleted]
Or is that a pic of seven cats fighting over a chicken?  Pretty tough to tell for sure.
Good fkn shit!
Spitting hot fire!
Damn I love that woman.  I hope she runs for an office again....or works with Bernie's new organization.  
(hint) it's dissent
First of all, love Nina. Nina/Tulsi 2020! Second. WTF was that "journalist" doing interviewing Nina without having a clue about the content of the DNC emails? The whole interview was about the effect of the emails. Ugh. I think the whole thing was a set-up to test if Nina was going to show any riled-upness. That "journalist" looked like she was seething inside and all the questions were clearly from the Clinton side of things. 
She is so good, these are tough questions
Smart lady.
I think this subreddit should stay open as a gathering point to discuss corruption in politics.
This subreddit should never be closed
I think the community should make a decision on staying open and for how long, and if the mods otherwise they should just hand over the reigns.
I disagree. Why can't it turn into Sanders for President 2020? We can start TODAY.
Agrees
Sanders for '20!

By then we should have cleared out a lot of the garbage we have been seeing this election and getting on with the real political revolution framework by then.
Yes. If Wikileaks brings out the gold, then maybe...just maybe Sanders could jump back in.
I disagree - subreddits are hard work, and right now a lot of trolls from both CTR and Trump are here. I'd rather the mods move on and either make Political Revolution bigger or work in another way to make further Bernie Sanders movement.

Dont get me wrong, I love S4P - but we have to sympathize with the mods here.
Please reconsider I am in the medical field and there are lot of Bernie supporters who are left feeling demoralized, traumatized are vulnerable right now. Please consider this a place for them to vent, recover and try to heal. I appreciate the mods and thank you for your hard work but I think people need a place to gather. To those of you who are suffering and don't know what to do I suggest that you respect and do not discount your feelings. They will come in waves. This is a time to get enough hours of sleep, eat healthy, drink clean water, go for walks, watch comedy, read positive uplifting literature. Aloha my brothers and sisters Aloha
I don't think it should ever be closed. That's not a decision a few mods should make for the 200,000 subs. 
I find it hilarious that the Hillary folks were beating on their electability drum so hard, and the second she's nominated the already-sinking ship just bursts into flames, and they're *still* convinced she'll beat Trump as though it's written in stone. She could be polling at 20% and they'd still probably parrot that she's "more electable".
So unity, much wow.
[deleted]
FYI. This is beyond the margin of error
Trump is slaying her right now in another press conference, which she has not given in over 230 days.
It's not surprising since I don't think that there's been a convention this divided since Ted Kennedy basically told Jimmy Carter to fuck off in 1980. The problem is that Bernie supporters feel personally aggrieved by Hillary. Not only has she refused to make any meaningful concessions to us, but she's purposely been giving us the finger throughout the campaign and this entire convention, especially with her authoritarian methods aimed at our delegates. Furthermore, the process was clearly rigged from the start, and it is increasingly looking like election fraud occurred during the primary in multiple states, which only reinforces her illegitimacy in the eyes of Bernie supporters. There's a strong sense that this nomination was stolen from us, which is one reason why we absolutely refuse to fall in line. It's almost impossible for Hillary to rebound from this when the voters themselves feel like she not only attacked and mistreated them personally, but stole something that they rightfully earned.
I can't believe it ... Are the Democrats really this fucking stupid? There must be something I'm not seeing
I know they would all prefer a Trump presidency to a Bernie one, but imagine if they went through all that they've done, the vote fiddling, the media collusion, the internal party dirtyness, the peeing off of a whole chunk of the population which they still insist on doing even at the convention... just to *lose* in November.
This is a really good way to start the day, despite my strong disliking of Trump.
Call me bitter, but I want HRC to lose. She does NOT deserve shit. Lying, corruption, STEALING the nomination from Sanders. Fucking disgusting of a human, if that's what you wanna call her.
Sorry, but that's just funny.
cant say im not surprised 
I'm sure it is all part of her master plan. /s
Have you guys noticed the lack of Hillary supporters in this post? They must be starting to realize that they have no sound argument against the fact that Hillary is failing miserably.
LOL did they really think she would bounce back after that disaster of a convention? Where half the stadium walked out?
538 NowCast still has Trump increasing and Clinton decreasing (though, not as well as before the DNC started).
It's the Russians. Or Chinese. Or North Koreans. Or ...

Has nothing to do with ImWithHer.
Serious question: is it possible she falls so low in the polls that establishment Dems ask her to step aside for Bernie in order to avoid a landslide loss, or are they committed to going down with the ship?
Awesome. If Bernie hadn't abandoned our revolution and endorsed Hillary, the Dems would stand a chance. Not anymore.
Don't worry: failing to get a negative bump *after* the convention because it happened early will be interpreted as the usual *positive* bump afterward.  It's all good.  Go about your business.  ;-)
The convention isn't even over yet.
Want to bet she won't beat Dukakis's popular vote percentage?

He got 45% she will be lucky to get 40% (it is going to be ugly) unless she gets the boot and Sanders gets the nod to run when the next batch of emails gets released.

Sanders is NOT done yet :)
Maybe it is because she is fracking, pro TPP, money launderer, corrupt and bombs women men and children . And those are just the nice things.
Well a "bounce" would mean it goes away again, so..... no, not a bounce.
question:

if this process continues down the road of H vs. T and *more* evidence reveals itself (prior to Nov.) that she is in-fact as corrupt as the "rumours" say...could the Dem party retroactively select Bern as a surrogate? or would it pass to Kaine? 

I'm not a USA history buff by any means, but I don't believe anything like this has happened...? I know what happens if they are elected and in office, but not during the election process.


It's fine guys, the Democrats have 4 months to turn the poll numbers around! 

...uh-oh.
The only way Hillary is going to win the general is the same way she "won" the primary. 

It's so clear that the Democratic party cares only about keeping the gravy train rolling and not at all about actually winning the election and representing the will of the people. 
I said this in another comment I made but I didn't necessarily mean it. I pretty much said that I hoped that Hillary didn't get a convention bump and she'd faulted from this point forward. It wasn't really a prediction but if I was right then damn.
Russian poll
[removed]
I don't think you can accurately come to this conclusion *before the convention actually ends*. 
By the end I believe shell have some sort of bounce. Isn't that typically what happens no matter what? It's a week long convention dedicated to her. Plus, media loves her. She'll get something I think even if it's small
I don't think you can accurately come to this conclusion *before the convention actually ends*. 
I would rather remember how we rose up and made the Democratic party move left with the most progressive platform in recent history. Or how we changed history with grassroots support and organization.

Or that with our help, we made progressivism a *real* thing in America again, and that *real* progressives are running for office around the country.

Don't think of it as being torn down, think of it as breaking through.
My comment was erased and I was banned for it, fuck these shit mods.
*Neoliberals
i think the title you meant to say was: "Liberals"
And please remember this lesson when talking to us "right-wingers". Respect for differing opinions is what made this country great to begin with. Insulting or attempting to silence others is just plain anti-American to the core. As painful as this lesson is for some, I am glad that you got to experience it first hand. It will lend you perspective in the future.
So we should call the DNC with that statement except switch "Bernie" with "Hillary"?
I'm curious who this woman is.  I listened to this when it released on Friday and I think she left a few more like this as well.  Guess I could call her and ask.
This just seems like regular people calling and leaving vms?
Also 16551 and 16866.
What's the point of this? These are just people. They're not the DNC. I'm mad about the emails, but there's no story here that I can see. So there's a cranky old Hillary supporter? And...?
I have been asking this like crazy. The election was rigged, nothing else matters.
We don't live in a democracy, fuck this country 
[deleted]
We learn in history class that Watergate was some kind of major ethical crime, but it is nothing compared to this. 

Russia has actually become a symbol of freedom and justice, exposing the injustices in our system, and where American citizens go to escape persecution, while America is all about despotic, Potemkim Village fakery, filled with teeming gulags and prisons. 

I feel like I am living in some kind of topsy turvy underwater world and i am the only one who sees it this way. 
Because the DNC is a privat club. They can do whatever including being corrupt to the core  
Because the people who decide on its validity are the same ones who did the rigging.
The DNC got the outcome it wanted. The DNC runs the show, they decided to give the nomination to Hillary, voters be damned.
Because for some goddamn reason, the US is under the stranglehold of 2 private organizations who can do whatever the fuck they want. 
Don't worry, the FBI is investigating!!!!...except they are investigating the "Russian" hackers instead of the blatant election fraud...
Because for all sides involved, the right person won, and because the legality of it is questionable, and not downright illegal. 

Anything that IS illegal, the gears of the legal system turn slowly. Interviews, witnesses, corroborating stories, proving that the emails are real, finding the repercussions, etc. If they do go through with anything about it, it's going to be enormous. They have to move cautiously and carefully. 
Link to them. Some of them contain personal information. Please refrain from actually calling those peoples personal numbers. Also, some of them don't have names associated with them. Anyone know who that old lady pissed about sanders is? Is she just a regular voter or a big DNC donor? 
https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/?file=mp3&count=50#searchresult


buckle up.
["I don't care about Sander's supporters, most will vote for Hillary anyway."](http://vocaroo.com/i/s1YDl9BCt4zr)
["Why does the DNC allow such trash to be on the platform committee?"](http://vocaroo.com/i/s0bYXN6l2wKB)
I am finding no information on this and I really don't want to sit and listen to people's phone calls. Has there been any substance? I just saw someone saying these leaks were already a part of the last batch. Anyone have any info?
["I don't think he should get a speaking spot in that convention."](http://vocaroo.com/i/s0HCa9R8LOIu)
I think the 3 VM's spewing the Bernie bile are from the same lady, and according to the first one, she gave $300 to the DNC, so not exactly a high-roller. More like a pain in the ass who got someone's phone number. Not much of substance here. 
What a time to be alive.
[They also seem to be afraid of Philly](http://vocaroo.com/i/s0PFTXyBf0ay) 
Call for Tom Canova running against DWS in Florida
see you later at jill reddit or political revolution. I'm doing both .

I went green but will still campaign for great progressives at PR.
Too bad they don't keep this site and let the mods post stuff about Bernicrats here
In the DNC leaks there is questions as to why the DNC was contacting Symone via a friend instead of through normal communication channels.  Also the e-mails uncover that there were moles in the Sanders campaign at multiple levels.  Just saying.

Also...  100% stolen.  
symone sanders was in the emails from wikileaks passing information to the dnc ...her opinions are suspicious to say the least, personally i wouldnt trust her based on that ...so why push this agenda ctr troll
She was being contacted often to understand the "state" of the Bernie campaign. (1) https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/5639 (2) https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/6574 (3) https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/8817 (4) https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/12649
The official narrative is "no one stole this election."

The truth is that we don't know what kind of pressure she is under to follow that narrative. If I had a political career and faced the prospect of an eight-year Clinton Administration, then I'd "fall in line" to save my ass, too.
Question: is she the "plant"?  
Definitely was unfair, nobody with sense questions that.  
  
DNC involvement on top of closed contests and early registration/party affiliation change deadlines definitely cost Bernie a shot at this election. [Ask this Stanford stats Ph.D.](https://joftius.wordpress.com/2016/05/29/fivethiryeight-is-wrong-the-system-is-rigged-against-sanders/) That's not even taking into account the early call by the AP. 
I agree if she means no one person. It took teamwork of the DNC and HRC to make it happen.
She's correct.  It was Hillary's election since 2008.  Appointing her thoroughly corrupt and controllable campaign co-chair as the head of the DNC, and promising the VP spot to former DNC chairman Tim Kaine if he'd step down.  Everything was going fine until that upstart Bernie tried to take what was rightfully hers.
Symone should read the report and look at the exit polls:

Democracy Lost: A Report on the Fatally Flawed 2016 Democratic Primaries
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B5O9I4XJdSISNzJyaWIxaWpZWnM/view?pref=2&pli=1

I'd be curious to see if Sanders would hold to that story after the convention. 
FUCK LOGIC AND REASON REEE
She's right. When you look at the demographics, it's clear he wasn't able to win over the average Democratic voter. Look at the south, for example: If he couldn't win the average Black voter, how could he possibly won the nomination? It was the campaigns fault for not trying hard enough to appeal to minorities. I used to think it was all a conspiracy, but perhaps Democrats have a point. No amount of fraud could've stopped Sanders winning if all Democrats came together and voted for him, like Trump. 
Symone has a future in the DNC. It would be a little counterproductive for her to say otherwise.
Thanks for being apart of the revolution.
Thank you  and I wish you the best for you and your family. See you over at PR or Green! Or both!
Thank you. Never lose that sense of outrage!
closing the sub is stupid
Also 16551 and 16866 are interesting.
[deleted]
They will curse DNC even more after Clinton loses to Trump in November because of the mismanagement of DNC
/r/RiseUPP    

The United progressive Party is already recognized by the FEC and we have our non profit status.  We are organizing now based on Bernie's platform 
As someone from buffalo and as a progressive i support this 
http://i.imgur.com/NOvrMVz.png
The bird is a far more appropriate symbol.
Sign me up!
Or we could all just join the Green Party
Woah woah. What about the Greens? Jill Stein's platform is almost identical to Bernie's and they're already a legitimate party!
You mean the Progressive Party, AKA Bull Moose Party, created by Teddy Roosevelt... that's already a thing. Or was.
This is just my opinion, but I would have picked the bird as it represents the concept of freedom more than the buffalo. It also serves as a subtle reference to the revolution that Bernie ignited in the hearts of the young millennials. At this point, the energized millennials will symbolically "leave the nest" to continue the revolution and Bernie's legacy of progressive change.

EDIT: By freedom, I meant freedom from the big-money interests and corruption that taints the other two parties.
Why not stick with the birdie? [I really liked the logo.](http://houseofcobraa.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/marijuanapolitics.comwp-contentuploads201603BirdieCrats-Cropped-680-288x300-612f1ca54b84b8f2d5eb307d7debe6af190fa1f6.jpg)
Green Party is picking up the baton. If they and the progressive Dems who feel cheated on this election want to merge into a new party that's good by me. For now it's \#SteinTime
The Green Party is already the most progressive party that fully supports the most progressive Presidential candidate (Jill Stein). And it has ballot access in 2016.
I liked the bird.
[deleted]
We actually have two parties that progressives call home. The Green party, and yeah... even the democratic party. If you want a third party you've got to look at the environment we're in and decide for yourself what would make that party successful. I think yet another progressive party, would be a bad plan. A better idea would be to target voters from both the left and the right, because a party like that may have a better chance of being successful.

I want a political party that is more like the old Whig party. Basically a coalition of people with different ideologies who agree on a rigid set of systemic principles. 

I think we need an anticorruption party designed to reform our party system, restore the integrity of our media(by banning the types of media-party collaboration that the wikileaks DNC email scandal brought to our attention for example, and by restoring the fairness doctrine), end gerrymandering, rigidly push for campaign finance reform, and push for an actual rigid following of the constitution(our government should have to declare war, for example, and our SCOTUS should recognize the 4th amendment for what it actually says, and rule based on what the constitution says, and what the law says, rather than making up rulings based on our feelings(like what those clowns did with Citizens United).

Basically a party that desires to make our government actually live up to a meritocratic ideal, where it actually functions based on the will of the people, as well as how the system was intended to work, and where the best public servants... the ones who speak to the will of the people with a clear vision, are the most likely ones to get elected and move up, instead of getting marginalized like Sanders. 
Some messaged me for just the bison logo, [here it is.](http://imgur.com/gallery/ojAro)
r/PoliticalProgressives/
How would this party be distinct from the green party? I love the idea, but it just seems to me that a progressive party and the green party would mostly overlap. Should the new progressive movement bolster the green's numbers or launch a new party on the imagery of Bernie as the archetype?

(Edit: also I love the party banner graphic!)
What's wrong with the Greens?
[If we stand with what Sanders has created then we stand with the bird](https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-_GUwLsk_RwE/VvYixVZomfI/AAAAAAAABAU/ncKsofaOkgM3rqxbx9lRtn7DLvKBZnb4g/s1600/Progressive%2BParty%2BSymbol..jpg) 
Progressives and Bernie got almost half the vote in 7 months. Why ruin that? We need to bogart the Democrat party, like the Tea Party did to the Republicans.
why not Green party? 
We need to move to Green Party. The infrastructure is already there.
There are already progressive parties. Why not join up with one of those?
Green Party for example or Socialist Alternative. It's too late for any new party to try and get ballot access this November in most of the states. 
Finally some sense. Bernie should have done it from the moment he found that the primaries were rigged
If you still don't understand why the Dem party treated you this way:

http://www.tinyrevolution.com/mt/archives/001705.html

The Democratic party is NOT your friend. It is part of the Establishment. It is, in fact, the immediate enemy that you face. If you are a progressive/leftist.


I prefer the Berniecrats lion.
Neither party, Republican or Democrat, represents average working Americans anymore.  I had hoped Bernie would run as a **Working Families Party** Candidate.  

You can't have the term 'progressive' in the name. There's too much associated with the term already and die-hard republicans hate 'progressives'.  You have to start with a clean slate.  I love the logo though.

http://workingfamilies.org/

Bernie Sanders says to support third parties (1991)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ThY52oL-S5I
Shouldn't the Buffalo be facing/heading to the left?  Also it would make it's head hint the outline of California (symbolism that the Buffalo shape is also trying to be a large creature that encompasses the whole country... sorry Alaska/Hawaii...)

Design aside, I think the focus should be on transforming the political system to an Alternate Voting System, which is more feasible than a representative parliamentary system, but would allow people to vote third party without the 'fear factor'.  Would allow people to vote their conscious without needing to truly overhaul the political system, merely just the voting system.

Great explanation by [CGP Grey](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Y3jE3B8HsE)
If only such a party existed decades ago with a candidate as strong as a bull moose...
Made this a while ago:

My attempt at a logo: http://i.imgur.com/3as7WUB.png

Every revolution also needs a button http://i.imgur.com/2Mc0Fko.png

I volunteer any design work needed.
As a native American man I love the buffalo ...It's time that we stop hiding our past and include indigenous peoples in our policy making.
/r/greenparty
Y'all saw how the tea party did it right? They got what they wanted. The circumstances of the primaries were different (17 candidates vs 2 + a million other reasons). We know what works. We need to make sure the downballot berniecrats have our unified support. From a unified organization. An organization ready to support a progressive democratic primary challenger for 2020 on November 9th.
[Relevant xkcd](https://xkcd.com/927/).

Vote Green. 
If you're living in the Sacramento Area the [first meeting for Progressive Independent Party](https://www.facebook.com/events/194435330959741/) is August 10th At the North Natomas Library 6:15 pm.
We need to change the senate to a parliament and vote for a party.  Imagine 10 libertarian senators, 5 greens, 20 progressives, 30 democrats and 35 republicans.  At least 2 of these groups would have to agree to get anything done.  
How is this different than the Green Party which already has a strong(ish) following?
Green has too much of a liberal hippie connotation, the progressive party would be better branding for getting conservatives and republicans on board with us.
What if we use a bird instead of a buffalo
We got 45% of the vote in the Democratic Party. Rather than reach for the other 5% in the future, let's start from scratch in a country with a first-past-the-post voting system and electoral college that turns third parties in to spoilers. Brilliant idea!
As a buffalo bills fan and a die hard progressive I love this... thank you
I unregistered as a Dem and joined the Progressive party of Oregon!
I'm a bull moose
Makes more sense to reform the Democratic Party. Hopefully the email leaks are substantial enough to replace the corrupt people with more progressives or fair democrats. 
Cenk is going to be a huge fan of this logo. 
blah blah blah... just show up to the damn polls besides the presidential election. 2 years ago, liberals had THE lowest turnout since WWII when most men were away dying for their country...

Thank God the republicans that showed up favored increasing min wage & legalization of pot.

If you'd shown up then, maybe today would be a little better??? you know without the GOP dominating Senate/House... it'd be nice to get some work done.


Slowly going the way of the buffalo
I like the buffalo way better than the bird. The bird is easy to make fun of (I wouldn't, but many others would). The buffalo sends a message of solidarity (herds), and strength. Exactly what the movement has been.
Yes! Please! What would it take to create a new party???

And just out of curiosity, why a buffalo?
I absolutely Love the choice of the buffalo! ( Or Bison -whatever it is)
Count me in.
I dunno if it was intended, but I love the idea of the buffalo. They are majestic and calm, but can flip to rampaging pissed when they have to. That is what we need for a progressive party, happy and fun but aggressive when they need to be.
I'd love this but you have to get rid of first past the post
Yes, it is - emphatically.  The Democrats & Republicans take their supporters for granted knowing full well that no large-scale third party exists to keep them on their toes - so complacency (which then turns into disdain) prevails.  In many ways, why would these two ever change their approach to an inclusive way of governing without the very serious threat of a new kid on the block?
It's a cool idea, but even one 3rd party is monumentally difficult to get into this government with the current duopoly.

I would be concerned about splitting my vote even further between the greens and another progressive party for ballot access.
I think a better time might be after this election. Dividing the left now is a really bad strategy that gets a very dangerous person elected. 
For what it's worth, I like the name as simply "American Progressives." Strip the word "party" from it because it conjures up memories all the systemic failures we witnessed with the Democrats and Republicans this spring...heck, ever. 
Can we bring back the Bull Moose Party?
This is useless until you change the voting system. The system as it is favours a two party system. You'll need proportional representation in the houses first or this will be fruitless. Problem is: Why would the big parties change the voting system?
Oh my god, I love Buffaloes. This is great.
Bad part about that is we would be splitting the vote between democrats in the future, what we should do is take over the DNC. We owe them nothing, lets make them bend to our will.

Teddy Roosevelt started the progressive party otherwise known as Bull Moose 
Why not both bird and buffalo, like BanjoKazooie. Bu seriously, two very different creatures working together.  It kinda fits, diversity and cooperation.
Bring back the Bull Moose. 
what is the difference between this and the Green party. Unless you shits vote in the mid terms and elect progressive candidates, the political "revolution" is over.
If there is going to be a new party, there needs to be some way of stopping one person or a small group from hijacking the party.
Idea here... Why not put the bird standing on the bisons back. Kinda like showing both.  Only if it wouldn't look too busy though. 
OP, do you have the source for this image (no background)? I'd like to get a sticker of it made for my car.
Nooo! I cannot stress enough: if you leave the democratic party, please first consider the green party. We need to focus our energy if we are to get anything done in the next 100 days.
I wish we had a true Social Democrat party here in the US.
Birdie in honor of Bernie.
As a gym rat and all around buff fellow, and a progressive, I support this.
First of all, the animal representing progressive ideals is the bull moose. Second of all, get it through your heads that third parties are ineffective. Third of all, learn from the successes of the tea party in changing the nature of the Republican party and do the same with the democratic party. You can start by participating in the congressional primaries and elections where we have a great chance to democratically wipe out the corrupt establishment members of congress.
I don't understand why the buffalo is half red. The progressive party should be inclusive towards people of all political affiliations, but the Republican party is antithetical to everything that progressives stand for. We are not and should not be half red. 

I much prefer the podium bird. 
Can't we be a giant cock instead of a buffalo?  I just think roosters are cool, and it would be fun to tell the Democratic Party that they got, "Slapped by the cock of the people."
I cannot believe all the "work within the party" comments here. That's the mentality that got Hilary the nomination. You CANNOT reform from within a corrupt party that will fight, scam, and defraud you every step of the way.
The Dem Party is our best bet for change. Hillary spent years preparing the party for her run. We should double our efforts on getting progressives elected not abandon it.
Will this not divide the left-leaning vote?
Why don't we get behind the greens instead of subdividing progressivism even further?
I love it!
Let's do this
Love this
I just registered with the "It's rigged" party
The Buffalo fuck yeah
If this is real and happens, PM me and I will help if possible in my city and state 
Awesome logo! Did you design it yourself?
yus buffalo
This should be reposted to r/political_revolution
Sanders was more of a Social Democrat by definition, but sure why not.
[Relevant?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OpgpeMEXjc)
i'm in
After this November.
I'm confused. I thought this sub was deleted?
As someone who lived in a buffalo I approve 
this is pleasant to look at.
I registered as an Independent in Oregon this morning, but I very nearly went Progressive (as it is a recognised party there). I am definitely going to be keeping an eye on you guys (from afar, as I'm an expat).
The Progressive Party, also known as the Bull Moose party has already been created. By Teddy Roosevelt. 
I still think we shouldn't call it progressive.
Funding?
Really not in love with the buffalo also it pretty much infringes on Wyoming's State Flag, so you might want to reconsider the imagery.
Why the bison or whatever that animal is? Why not the bird one?
join the greens
As a Buffalo Bills fan, I love the logo.
Let's bring back the Whigs or the Know-Nothings for a little historical flair.
I'm confused... Is the bird or the bison your mascot?
This is rad. I hope you guys do well with this.
Why not go green? I mean it's a progressive party and it already has members . However, I like the Bison logo. I'd join simply for that.
This is amazing, the bison is a wonderful choice, and I sincerely hope that within my time here on earth I get to see some major changes to the way that we are handling elections and the power bestowed upon those that win them. Bravo. 
Rise UPP and take the power back. It's time the fat cats had a heart attack. You know that their time's coming to an end. We have to unify and watch the bull ascend!
I'm feeling super down about the past week or so's bullshit. This made me feel hopeful. I hope this takes off, I want to gather some energy and do something toward helping it take off. Thank you.
Ugh. Such a terrible idea. Exactly what the right wants, a Democratic, Green, and now Progressive party. Nothing like a splintered electorate to guarantee the presidency for the next few decades.

This is known as unilateral disarmament. The only way it wouldn't be is if we had an [instant runoff voting system](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7tWHJfhiyo) or if conservatives also created their own actual Tea Party or something similar.
Is this a thing?
Cause I like this thing.
I want this thing.
I'll do this thing.
Don't disappoint me thing.
Ima do this thing.
Why do we need parties? We the people can come together without having to agree on every single thing.
I really wanted to use the Bernie bird
The way your politics are going it's already gone the way of the buffalo. 
So would today be a good day to unregister as a D
What is actual meaning of "progressive" in modern US politics?  
I heard Hillary saying "I'm progessive" too.

Hillary Clinton: Im A Progressive, But Im A Progressive Who Likes To Get Things Done  
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/hillary-clinton-progressive_us_561dafabe4b050c6c4a35c32
As long as you guys don't refer to me as a 'taco bowl '
Do you know how many third parties there are? Do you know how they are built? Do you have the resources and time? Are you willing to lose over and over and over again? Why not just do the hard work of meeting people in your neighborhood?

I'm sick of butt hurt Sanders supporters looking for a way out. We got a free education on what POWER is in the DNC and power is never permanent. All of us doing the work in our neighborhoods, utilizing existing infrastructure, will be infinitely more productive than talking about building ANOTHER third party in a country/electoral system where they don't carry much legitimacy.
The nexus between media and the major parties make it very, very tough for a third party - any third party - to gain traction nationally.  What's the fix for that while access to the electorate is still controlled by donors with money?
Why a buffaloa native animal abundant in our past that we nearly wiped out of extinction?
Progressive Party was created back in 1912 for Theodore Roosevelt when he failed to secure the republican nomination. So it's not really a new party, it'd be like calling yourself the Whig party and saying it's new.

I agree though that we do need a new party.
Lets bring back bull moose!!!!
Can we change the animal. I think a dolphin or bald eagle would be nice eh. 
The American Party would have been better.  

Fox News would have to be very careful when they bashed and complained.
When registering to vote is the Progressive Party listed as a party that one can join?
Now I can always get behind a buffalo.
There's very little point unless we get voting system reform, and I don't know that anyone has a plan for getting voting system reform, seeing as how everyone in power doesn't want it.
Bernie needs to run as a 3rd party. He has enough backers to get 5% of the vote in the general election, which will make the party able to get Federal grants and symbolically would make the party a legitimate political party. From there the party could focus on members that run for the people and do not accept corporate donations or super pacs
Why not a bird? Would be a little more subtle maybe.
I actually joined the Justice Party for a while. Very similar stances to Bernie.
Oregon has the Oregon Progressive Party. They have ballot access and need candidates. Seriously, reach out to them and run for state house or something.
put a bird on it


http://unitedprogressiveparty.org/
How do I register?  I'm in!
Nice job on both the logo and the name. 

I've been a lifelong New York State Independent (in New York that means "no affiliated party")  and I changed my registration to Democrat in September of 2015 just so I could vote for Bernie in the NYS primary.

I've been looking for what to change my registration to next. I don't want to remain registered as a Democrat.
I love the bird and the bison. Gotta put horns on it though. Bison are huge, strong and fiercely protective of their heard. I'm torn. Can we find a way to use them both? And I am all in. What can we do to help it grow?
Love the bison, distinctly American and represents something that progressive values and policies could have saved 
Brilliant! I'm in! ButI have to admit that the sparrow is highly symbolic... Down the road and the years if this ship sails,  many people will look back at the moment when Bernie was on the stand and the bird flew in
I think it's time to just start protesting in the streets. Get everyone outside and block everything until something is done about our corrupt government. There won't be any change if millions of people don't demand it.
I don't like the buffalo as a symbol because it's so engrained with Kansas. And Kansas is not the kind of image I like to associate with progressiveness.
I like it
It's a nice idea, but I think I'll just be voting with the greens. They have a candidate we could legitimately (though a long shot) get propelled to 15 percent, and get into the debates.
no! birdie sanders.
Not sure that using an animal that was destroyed almost to extinction is the right one to go with? 
Can the logo be a wombat
Damn that makes the regressive party so easy to assign.  And given Bernie courts stuff like black lives matter it could definitely end up as the home of the authoritarian left.  Though given the main two parties are shit it's kind of hard to have a solid solution
FWIW, I think it would be better realpolitik to take a page out of the tea party's book, and try to reform the democratic party.  If you want to have a legitimate third party, you need to have some kind of plan to change our democracy from a single-vote system into something like instant runoff, because our current voting methodology optimizes for two parties.

Third parties are non-factors.  The tea party really shook up the republicans.

As a final note- fwiw, there are plenty of liberals like myself who are sick of the corruption, but are liberals, not progressives.  We'd be happy to support and help win a fair level playing field in which we could actually hash out disagreements, and join you in a fight against corruption- but we'd probably have some disagreements down the road.  So you'll need to figure out whether you want to work with us.
[#DemExit](http://imgur.com/a/rSmd8)
God, yes.  I like the United Progressive Party (UPP) b/c of it's acronym. 
I like that mascot 
Yes please. 
I just Dem Exited. I'll consider declaring if there's a progressive on the primary ballot for my local and state elections.
Holy shit I love this.  Do we have a central place to exchange ideas and meet?  What's the sub?
Isn't this a problem? 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Progressive_Party_(United_States,_1912)
I would really like to see this party focused on the future and gaining supporters instead of complaining about Hillary and our current situation. Yes, our current situation sucks but complaining will not fix it. All I see on their facebook page is rant after rant about Hillary.   
Everybody keeps saying the exact same thing. Why not just join the green party? BECAUSE THEY HAVE A BRANDING ISSUE AND THEY ARE STIGMATIZED. Sure we could change that over time but why don't the greens join our new party. Maybe it would be easier to just join the green party but it would also set us back when we have to start every discussion taking the defensive and convincing people. Saying no we aren't anti vax, no we aren't anti nuclear energy, we care about other things other than weed, please take us seriously even though no one ever has before...etc. It is HARD to rebrand something that has so many years of bad publicity. I think it might be time to start from scratch. Btw I am voting Stein probably but who the hell is her running mate? Barth? wtf
So it's really that hard to take over the existing infracture? We have to build a new one?
Why build a new one. Let's fucking bern down the corporate democratic party and erect the progressive democratic party in its place.
Fun fact about the American Bison: Besides nearly going extinct, males and females rarely interact besides during mating season.

Perfect symbol for the Progressive Party?!
Bull Moose
I like it
Already exists.... called the Socialist Alternative. 
Why not just call it the Labor Party? 
As someone who has eaten a bison burger once, a long time ago, sign me up. It had a very progressive taste IIRC. 
Does the symbol have to be an animal? Could it be a hammer and sickle?
I feel like we need something other than a buffalo. What's the most genetically progressive species in the world? 
Not trying to be a dick but thats a bison right? not a buffalo. Bison are indigenous to north america while buffalo are not.
As long as the official food is buffalo wings, I'm in.
Don't worry the next few batches of wikileaks emails will sink Hillary and the DNC.
     
The DNC will also get gutted from top to bottom and Sanders will get the nod to run for President.
    
Then there will be a fair race for President between the two people that actually won the primaries fair and square (my gut says Sanders will win if that happens).

Why don't they ever choose a cool animal like a tiger ? Who wants to be a donkey or an elephant or a damn yak !
Just donated $15. Encourage others to consider doing the same.
We don't need a new party, we need a better voting system that isn't set up so there can only be two dominant parties.
the democrat party is a total mess. corrupt and rotten to the core, the wikileaks dump proves that its a lost cause.

Even the republicans were able to overthrow their establishment and nominate an outsider...i grew up thinking democrats were supposed to be the party of freedom and fairness, this is my first election where im old enough to vote...im voting republican from here on out unless the progressive party has anything to offer not completely bat shit insane like opening the borders to anyone, killing police, coddling criminals and making them out to be saints...im a bit of both parties i guess because i support abortion, i support gay marriage and equal rights for all, i support getting our military out of NATO and useless wars that dont effect our safety. I am totally against TPP and Wall Street cronyism, illegal immigration, BLM terrorist goons. Crazy that republicans turned out to be the glass slipper! 

Sadly shitty s4p mods will shutdown this subreddit to keep the narrative in one place /r/grass_roots
The Green Party and their candidate has practically the same platform as Bernie.  No need to create a new one.
Can I ask you guys about the one part of Bernie's platform I never agreed with? Everything the man ever said made perfect sense except bringing in thousands of people from a culture that tends to spontaneously combust in public... The whole endorsement was bullshit too.
You guys do realize you can change the platform of the current political parties. They have switched, realign, and flipped throughout history. The Stance of the Democrats and The Stance of the Republicans is not static and changes with every generation and every passing of the torch.

You don't need a new party. fight for people who support your ideals in the current party. Organize and localized.
No guys, join the Communist Party USA 

http://www.cpusa.org/
Now you just need a candidate. Remember if Hillary gets in, there won't be a 2020 Vote.
Why not just not have a political party? Bernie has been an independent for quite literally decades. With the shenanigans the DNC pulled and the Republicans tearing themselves apart, I don't think a new party is the answer.

We need fewer parties, open primaries and more transparency. 
Yes form a whole new party less than 4 months away from the election. Great idea to be the most irrelevant, counterproductive movement in the country.

Why can't we just please follow Bernie's lead? He knows exactly what he's doing. Register as no-party, but agitate and pressure the Democratic Party from within.

Why have parties at all? Millennials are supposed to disrupt old systems like that. It makes much more sense to simply be free of any party, and not let anyone think they have your vote for granted.

The most effective way to disrupt is to reform the Democratic Party. They've let us get a foothold. We can bust it open. Bernie has already made big changes and didn't even win. He's literally showing us the way and you guys are spitting on it, acting like you know politics better, and driving the revolution over a cliff instead. Forming a new party? We already have dozens! Going green? You will win literally 0 states, aid Trump, and be a "remember them?" movement that lasted exactly one year and lost its bearings. 

Meanwhile Bernie Sanders will still be there. 
dude, america has a two-party system and you know it
change it to a birdie and I'm in
Oh, so the democratic party?
Can't we display the bald eagle in the logo instead of the bison?
Teddy Roosevelt started a progressive party after he was president it was called the bull moose party as much as I love your picture it may be wise not to pick an animal that was cross bred from a cow and a buffalo in order to make burgers without the guilt of wiping out the buffalo population entirely

The take my ball and go home party.
do you have any idea what is involved in gaining ballot access? who is going to volunteer their time for yet another third party?
You know, it's funny because buffaloes are used a ton in Oklahoma as mascots and what not but yet you'll probably have a really low number of Oklahomans as a part of this party. Take that Oklahoma.
I'm voting for Jill Stein!!

Down with everyone else!!!
The last thing we need is another "left wing/right wing" party. We need a party that is center to unite everyone from all sides of the spectrum rather than promote the divide and conquer mentality politics has become.
Happy to join you guys after we make sure we don't elect literally Hitler.
Why isn't the symbol a Bull Moose? There was already a progressive party. And why are you creating a new party when the Green Party is already more established and has virtually the same exact platform?
3rd party is a fantasy.  Look at recent history.
I approve of this, and I also feel that Republicans who refuse to support Trump should abandon the GOP and form a new Conservative Party.
I say make the official color Yellow as the Democratic party has blue and the Republicans have red
Its time for you to pull your head out of your ass.
Great logo. But can we get rid of the red white and blue and the stars please? It is very triggering to me, it reminds me of the OPPRESSION that is symbolized by the american flag
You guys arn't progressive though. All you did was highjack the name. Your lil bleeding heart movement makes decisions based on emotion rather than realities.  
And for what? The Democrats have adopted every single one of out platform policies. It would be vote for us,  we want the exact same thing as democrats, we're just not them. 
Its time for you to pull your head out of your ass.
I for one, will not. Sorry hillbots
[deleted]
Shiieet
I've read rumors that this is Nancy Pelosi.
Thats actually really impressive... it would have been nice to see how empty the place was but his video quality was far below current standards...
"This is like a 76ers game" - If I knew more about sports I could probably make a great pun out of this.
They are hiring actors now to fill it up.
This needs to be TWITTERED like crazy, along with telling everyone they are putting ACTORS in the seats so Hillary won't have an empty hall.
Is that Josh Fox?
Empties?

Most reports I've read are saying a few hundred (and some just a few dozen).  Not even all of the Sanders delegates.
[deleted]
One of the things that bothers me the most that Hillary's brand of "equality" and "feminism" only helps those who fit her narrative. She can showcase as many wealthy female celebrities or politicians who support her, but she will never be all-inclusive in her equality. 
can someone share the story they keep tweeting about but not actually telling
Wow... if you look through her responses, lots of Trump supporters complimenting her. That's cool.
When will this show happen? Any updates?
It says something about this crowd when its goes to fox instead of the young turks to break news.
Try harder.
No joke. People have been defending Trump because they are determined to convince themselves and anyone else that Hillary is The Great Satan. Not only that, but they attribute Bernie's endorsement to him being a selfish dickhead.
[deleted]
Jill Stein would be a cool president
http://vote.usa.gov if you want OUT, you can vote in the general without a party. 
[removed]
Nice try Hillary! Trump has my vote!
Hillary also is a threat to democracy.  Don't you worry.  She'll win because her campaign contributors make the voting machines.
Nope.
I don't think Trump is the worse of the two.
Meh. Being told to be afraid of Trump is getting old (and less effective).  He would be a disaster but he isn't Godzilla returned.
nope. the democratic party threw me out and can suffer the consequences.
green party 
I'm glad I saw this before I went to the polls. I was planning to write Bernie in, but I live in Illinois. Illinois has a 'Sore Loser' law that does not allow him to run a 'write-in' campaign, so my vote wouldn't have counted.
What's the argument for writing in Bernie as opposed to voting 3rd party?
https://d3n8a8pro7vhmx.cloudfront.net/jillstein/pages/1709/attachments/original/1467921488/Map-07-07-2016.png?1467921488

If anyone is interested in voting third party, here is a map that shows the states where the Green Party has ballot access for November.
Hi `darktree27`. Thank you for participating in /r/SandersForPresident. However, [your submission](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4v1dgl/bernie_sanders_writein_states_what_you_need_to/) did not meet the requirements of the [community guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules) and was therefore removed for the following reason(s): 

----

* **[Negative Campaigning or Campaigning for other Candidates](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_personal_conduct) (rule #1b):** Submissions on /r/SandersForPresident should be free of campaigning for other candidates as well as negative smears, distortions, or personal attacks about *any* candidate or public figure.

 * Criticizing a particular politician (including any presidential candidate) is acceptable as long as it's constructive criticism.



* **[Off-Topic](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_title_and_subject_rules.) (rule #3):** Material posted on /r/SandersForPresident should include significant and overt references to Bernie or the campaign. 

 * Posts which contain general political information (non-Bernie related) should be posted on /r/Politics or /r/PoliticalDiscussion. If this submission is to a link that does not meet the above criteria but you believe would contribute to /r/SandersForPresident, consider writing a text post with appropriate Bernie-relevant framing and the current link to spark insightful discussion. If this submission is already a text post, consider resubmitting with more substantial Bernie-relevant framing.





* **[Over-discussion](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_title_and_subject_rules.) (rule #5b):** Submissions which contain content that is posted very consistently may be removed.

 * Overdiscussed topics may be given megathreads in some cases, but all overdiscussed topics are ineligible to be reposted regardless of the 30 day repost limit. 

 * Major breaking news will almost always be given a megathread.

 * Before posting a policy question about Bernie, please visit [FeelTheBern.org](http://www.feelthebern.org) and use the search bar to look for various terms related to your post.



* **[Low Productivity](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_title_and_subject_rules.) (rule #6):** Submissions which provide little content or in-depth material are considered low productive, such as unsubstantial text posts, or link posts to text conversations, screenshots, memes, photos, or other low content material.



* **[Coordinated Solicitation or Harassment  and Linking to Online Petitions or Polls,](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_title_and_subject_rules.) (rule #7):** Submissions which contain content that unofficially call for coordinated group efforts aimed at targeting specific individuals or groups who actively support a stance other than our own are not permitted. 

 * Calls for violation of [reddit's global rules](/rules) (including votes on a particular post or harassment of users) will not be tolerated in any scenario. 

*Linking to online petitions or polls without prior mod approval is also prohibited. 





----

If you have any specific questions about this removal, please [message the moderators](https://www\.reddit\.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FSandersForPresident&subject=about my removed submission&message=I'm writing to you about the following submission: https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4v1dgl/bernie_sanders_writein_states_what_you_need_to/. %0D%0DMy issue is...). Hateful or vague messages will not receive a response. **Please do not respond to this comment.**
This is such an amazing letter. I agree with the sentiment 100%. Bernie gave so many of us hope for the first time in a long time. Michelle Obama trying to speak for all of us and tell us that America is already great, to people who are suffering and dying from the status quo, is a slap in the face. That does not speak to us at all.
Nailed it.  I really feel like with the Democrats I'm in an abusive relationship and I just need to get out.  Fuck them.
Guys, it's okay, Hillary is good for children, immigrants and minorities okay!? Just trust and believe

 Hail Hillary!
Albright said its okay to bomb women and children.
How dare you shush me for yelling while everyone wants to hear a speech!
I could only catch a small portion of Clinton's speech, but man was that underwhelming.

She sounds like she's had the life sucked out of her. Is she really sick? She can't be tired. She didn't have to work much at all during the primary, except for fielding questions from the FBI.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3x0RIQbEp8 Cenk from TYT thanking Bernie volunteers.
Hay, you don't know my stance on this matter. Just saying from what I watched, conventions in general being DNC or not these things seem like glorified class speeches. They will not change the "stubborn sore losers mind" because those "stubborn sore losers" bought into something different then what Hillary is selling. Also they feel like this was a unfair race and there seems to be proof of that. Why is it so strange that people won't respond to "shut up and join us". 
I wanted to post this, but it is invisible. Maybe I am shadowbanned? In any case:


It is a simple concept. *Democracy*. This sub is in a period of turmoil, like the Democratic Party itself.

What shall we do in this situation, redirect to a new sub to regroup? Keep this sub active? I don't know, and I don't trust any single person who thinks they have the answers.

Here is what I do know. We each have a voice. We have the ability to run this sub democratically.

So mods: *let us vote*.

Let us vote on whether to stay or leave. Whether to keep the sub alive or to kill it. Let us vote on new moderation if you do not want to stay.

**Let us vote.**
For some reason no threads I post will show up, so I'll post this here:

Have any of the Bernie delegates actually been able to speak to Bernie, in private, during the convention? I had a sudden thought that maybe Bernie isn't speaking out about what's happening at the convention because he is being left in the dark. I'm 100% certain the DNC won't let him leave their sight. What if they won't let him see any of the things happening in the news/to his supporters until after the convention? Was he actually present when they were taking people's signs away, or did all of this mistreatment happen behind the scenes? I didn't watch a whole lot of the livestream, but it seems like his people never get a chance to speak with him without someone from the DNC listening in.
I just watched Jamie Dorff's speech about how Clinton supported her (they've never met, she was referring broadly to Clinton's ostensible support of military families) after her husband died in the Iraq War, which Clinton voted for. The cognitive dissonance is astounding and just made me incredibly sad for her and for the future of our country.  This woman helped create the war that killed your husband and now you're thanking her for it and asking the rest of us to get behind her? GTFO.
Wow, the downvoting brigade really showed up in here last night!
Who is going to boo Hillary tomorrow? The people that walked out and aren't allowed back in?
People are gonna boo and protest Hillary's speech tomorrow, right? Might as well go out with a bang. 
SEAT FILLERS AT THE DNC  -  Video by Jeff Day, Delaware Bernie Delegate

https://www.facebook.com/jeff.day.359/videos/836268536504115/

That propaganda look of unity cost about $12-14/hour per person.
Delegates up late and checking. Thank you for your stand at the convention, the protests, and raising the awareness of critical issues. 
Good Morning. Just woke up. 

I've officially reached the point where I can't stay up for this **** 

Doesn't look like I missed much. More lies and cold-war hyperbole. 
How were the protests today?
[Tim Kaine](http://i.imgur.com/OzTlMyk.png) was a prime example of the near constant corruption flowing in the dem. party. This country deserves better representation and we can have it. We need to support candidate with a litmus test. You are either respectful of the political process, honesty, democracy or not are not. Support candidates who embody people's democracy. 
[Nina Turner](http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2016/07/nina-turner-sanders-democratic-national-convention) was absolutely shit on. 

We need to look to leaders continuing the revolution of the people. She absolutely is an essential part of this. 
where are the pictures of the coffin the threw over the wall...made my fucking night hearing that happened
Did Hillary speak?
I don't see how the Democratic Party can unify after this spectacle of a convention. The unethical, illegal, and unprofessional actions of DNC officials and a refusal to admit wrongdoing or offer any apology is disgusting. Not even the specter of Trump is enough to stop the bad blood from flowing. 
Still heartbroken that Bernie lost, and was screwed over by the DNC, but I have to say it's nice to see the respect (pandering?) he got tonight from the speakers. They aren't ignoring his achievement. And it must be pretty awesome to have the president pause during his speech and give you and your supporters a shout out. Regardless of the sadness, that's gotta feel pretty sweet.
Hey guys, former volunteers, lurkers, and all others  who directly or indirectly supported the cause, love you all. Regardless if you like me will refuse to support Hillary or not, don't let any of these people brigading  on tonight make you feel bad about your decision. We are informed voters and not naive for the choices we make. Bouncing out because I can't take the negativity right now in our once proud sub. Keep fighting!
I saw on MSNBC that Bernie did not use specific acclimation language when nominating Hillary as the Democratic nominee, and instead asked for the vote to be entered in the record. So she did not receive his delegates and was not nominated unanimously. 

Is this true? If so, what is the significance of this? It could very well be an oversight, just curious if this has a deeper meaning.
MSNBC is joining the spirit of unity bringing up two SNL comedians to mock Bernie supporters for being white.

Jokes pretty lame, cause SNL...
Wow, All these Hillary supporters here correcting the records. I hope each and every one of you bit slingers is proud of what you are doing here. It takes little sense to see that unity and capitulation aren't the same thing and Hillary has to earn the support of the people. She can rig elections but she can't rig that. 
Nina was on MSNBC with Chuck Todd a couple of hours ago and stated that she was blocked from speaking WITH Tulsi Gabbard. She stressed two points:

A) Bernie himself brought her the bad news. You can read between the lines that Bernie understood this was a big disappointment and it was a gesture of respect on his part

B) last night at DNC featured black women and black mothers speaking about their communities and Nina felt especially hurt about not being able to speak that day
paraphrasing Josh Fox: "There is a trust gap, a credibility gap and a policy gap; you can't address trust by just speaking policy rhetoric"
"I'm a New Yorker and I know a con when I see one!"

@_@
"When the middle class does well, the rich do very well, and the poor have hope." 

Sounds like a crap deal for the poor.
Anyone have a link to the Nina Turner rally/press conference?

Edit:

Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yMQ5uFFZSM4

Susan Sarandon speaking right now.
"Democracy doesn't work when we constantly demonize each other."
The news conference was so good, they all ran away when the woman said 'Nina would not heel' haha!
Talking about Honduras: they had a Coup in 2009 that was supported by Clinton, I wonder if he's gonna mention that
So glad Obama is pulling us in, not trying to ostracize Sanders supporters.
~~My post was deleted so I guess ill put it here:~~

>I got laid off from my job so I have nothing to do. I decided to spend the day seeing how we did. I am going to lay out the numbers here, and I am mainly focusing on popular vote including caucus states:

>**Convention Delegates**

>This included superdelegates.

>HC: 2,842 or 60.4%

>BS: 1,865 or  39.6%

>**Pledged Delegates**

>HC: 2,205 or 54.4%

>BS:1,846 or 45.6%

>**Approximate Popular Vote**

>I took the turnout of the caucus states and turned them into popular vote. Some sources list the popular vote of Washington as "at least 230,000" while others say that it is "802,754". Sanders vote total is likely a little larger than I listed, as his favorable states list the voter turnout as "at least" or "over" a number.

>*with smaller Washington vote*

>HC: 17,094,417 or 55.7%

>BS: 13,583,338 or 44.3%

>*with larger Washington vote*

>HC: 17,234,093 or 55.2%

>BS: 13,999,844 or 44.8%

>Some of you may not care since we lost, but I just did this for fun and I doubt this post is gonna get many upvotes.

For any who may not be aware:

This sub is being heavily brigaded.
#StillSanders
I get that Hillary has been nominated, but I'm still hoping for a major Wikileaks revelation that changes the current state of affairs.
Is he really referencing Honduras in his speech? DO THEY REALLY NOT THINK PEOPLE KNOW ABOUT THE HILLARY-SUPPORTED COUP?
http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2016/07/nina-turner-sanders-democratic-national-convention  
  
Mother Jones exclusive with Nina! Everyone read and share!
HUGE protest outside the wall of the convention. Growing bigger every minute that passes. MSM won't show it. Here it is. https://www.periscope.tv/w/amgQgDFETEtCRHhWQU9XRUp8MU95S0FiT2Jib1dHYiOnSHtgWSH0jnHDQHPlcY6A9expD_sEnSewYh6SGLv1
[deleted]
[Protesters at the #DNCinPHL just threw a #DNC coffin over the security perimeter fence. #DemsInPhilly](https://twitter.com/jeffrae/status/758490444007346176)
"In case you're wondering about her judgement, take a look at her running mate."

Haha!
The thing that disgust me the most about this convention is that nearly everyone is going up on stage making speeches about values, principals doing the right thing and how Hillary stands for all of this. But no one seams to realise the fact that Hillary just hired DWS after she have been proven to rig the election in her favour. How can they talk about values and principals to everyone face when the nominee do not care about basic democracy and fairness? 
>  I'm with Nina
TYT Jordan C. reports

>Many @BernieSanders delegates having their credentials threatened by #DNC if they hold up opposition signs/chant against speakers #DNCinPHL

>Exact wording & instruction to @BernieSanders delegates by #DNC is they can lose credentials for holding up "unauthorized" signs #DNCinPHL

Aren't the republicans supposed to be the preachy Jesus God party?
Just to reminisce.  
One of the speeches that turned me to Bernie  
April 16, 2015  
http://www.klru.org/overheard/episode/bernie-sanders/
Tim Kaine sounds like a fucking middle school principal - you know, the one who thinks he's "the cool one."
Anything worth watching? Since I just got home, I wanna skip to the mushy Bernie parts and pretend the rest of the shit show doesn't exist.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Tonight makes it really clear that Hillary will be running towards the center, not the left.
Bill Maher's program tonight is something else. It's a shame, because I thought the President gave a great speech tonight. He worked pretty hard to make some rational pleas for voting the Democratic ticket. Not that it was enough to sway me, but I appreciate the genuine and respectful manner in which the appeal was carried out.

But then you have Maher, another Clinton mouthpiece and his panel, suggesting "Bernie Sanders people" are armpit-braiding assholes because they dared to boo at the convention when they decided they wouldn't play ball with a corrupted political season.

What is the goal here? Are Maher and other media bandwagoners seriously attempting to win the allegiances of the Sanders base by demeaning us as he's done to conservatives for his entire career? 

Or his the strategy to intimidate people and make them feel foolish for not falling in line? The essence of the blowback here is that there are people who felt their candidate was obstructed at every turn by major media affiliates and their own political platform. And now there is proof that all these feelings were completely justified.

It would be like if your favorite sports team lost the championship, then all your suspicions about cheating and manipulation were laid out for you and the fans of the team that cheated turned to you and told you you were a sorry sport and you should just raise a glass to the winner.

What a ridiculous angle to take. It's not like the Democrats have any votes to spare here, either. You think they'd be offering an olive branch instead of a bunch of roses, thorns first.

Fucking clueless.
Josh is great, explaining things well.
What happened to the Nina press conference? 
I can never tell what the heck they are chanting
https://theintercept.com/2016/05/06/hillary-super-pac-draft-oped/
Idiota
**BELIEVE ME**
Anybody have a live link to protests?
Now they bring wall street billionare Bloomberg to sell us the Wall Street candidate
Cops starting to get mad outside the convention. Tension rising: https://www.periscope.tv/w/amgXvTFETEtCRHhWQU9XRUp8MXJteFBEYlJkcUV4TlsyshAS595y7CqpgFmgahQtPrrsJrVphSychaki9bOB
Just remember Hillary never released the speeches.  I'm 
*sure* they were less suspicious than Donald's taxes.
Say what you will but Obama is giving a hell of a speech, he is hitting every point I've been hoping for through these past 3 days. His ability to give speeches is second to no one
Really? Sheis saying Clinton is fixing flint? They remember Flint only on social occasion.
When does Kaine speak? Can't wait to see what the Bernie delegates have in store for him.
Is there anyone more smarmy than Bloomberg?
"You know who remembers Tim Kaine? Pepperidge Farm remembers."
What did they chant at him? Was it negative?
What do you think Trump's nickname for Tim Kaine will be? 
No more TPP
I've never felt so disconnected from the democratic party. I don't even have words to describe what I'm feeling.
Quick tip from a Latino.  
If you are running for office, don't throw random Spanish phrases into your speeches.  
Tim Kaine looks, sounds, and has the oration skills of a giant baby.
*El Pander*
Was someone yelling "throw out the TPP"?
Gotta admit, Bama's charismatic as fuck. 
Obama would destroy Trump if they ran against each other. He is completely destroying his statements with ease right now. 
MSNBC is hating on 'loony left' that booed Leon Panneta 'for killing Bin Laden'. Wait, what?
Rossario crashed TYT in support of Nina Turner: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gCxmQsfhieY
Mother Jones has the scoop on Nina. http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2016/07/nina-turner-sanders-democratic-national-convention
Joe Biden invoked [New American Century](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_for_the_New_American_Century)  
He has to throw in a story, HISPANICS LOVE STORIES, gotta reel in and solidify that brand loyalty and hispanic vote!

edit: I like how it is nothing but stories just after I said this LOL.
The only thing that can redeem Kaine's speech is if he plays "The Masterplan" on Harmonica to close.
[Sanders delegates (4:53)](https://www.periscope.tv/adairschmidtPS/1yoKMlDLLgdxQ) told that any protesting will get them kicked out by secret services.

I hope they don't get kicked out... wait for hillary's arrival on day 4 ;)
Oh wow, Nina's friend is a riot!
Nina is on her way, people!
I remember this lady :( . 
Anyone catch what they were chanting over the admiral?
[deleted]
Joe is the one guy I would have voted for before Bernie, glad to see him getting this reaction.
"C'mon, we're America!!!"
Biden was so good, everything you were taught as a child!
"Can I be real for a second?"
--You can check 'folksy' off your scorecard
is that a cow bell?
is it just me or does Tim Kaine look like Ron Paul?
NIna looked really nervous and scared.  What's going on?  Not like her to tell press to leave.
Every time Bernie is mentioned it's like the entire crowd was just waiting for Bernie to be mentioned. This speech is so dull and irrelevant.
She's consistent. HAHA. 
Bet 90% of democratic viewers right now are just wishing they could have another Obama instead of Hillary. Hillary's speech won't be anywhere near close as convincing and inspiring as Obama's.
Hmm Obama this isn't how I remember what happened 8 years ago.
"as a warning not to embrace fear"...

Meanwhile, every other line out of a democrat's mouth is some variation of "Fear Trump"
Jordan Chariton rocking it right now!
Guys what is with all the talking and crowd noise constantly? It wasn't like that on day 1 or 2... 

Do they just not care to listen and are just talking amongst themselves, or have they placed some kind of crowd sound to drown out everything else on the stream?

It sounds like the audience doesn't even care.
Joe Biden is not my cup of tea but don't boo him. He's a decent guy.
Haiti believed Hawkish Hillary
[deleted]
All I can hear is TTIP.
I am not voting for Hillary. Ever. No one has convinced me to vote for her. She is going to lose to Trump. I'll do my best to vote for down ballot progressives, but I refuse to reward this corporatist with my vote when she hasn't earned it.
Tulsi said that we are a movement that continues through love. But a lot of you in this thread at just hating, all the time. Love a little. You don't even need to love the convention but just mention how good our platform is. We want to change America and not make it a choice between the lesser of two evils but if we keep the hate up, that's all we'll get. Keep the love up, we get to choose between two great people in the future. 
Look fellow Berniecrats - we have been handed a 'go fuck yourselves' message on more than several occasions. This Nina Turner issue is one more in a long list. Time for us make a few critical decisions. 
I love it, thank you delegates for carrying my voice to the convention.
Ah I see what he's doing, this is the backwards thinking of the Hillary camp:

First he talks about how "I trust Hillary", and how all the people this week "TRUST HILLARY", then he's saying people can't trust Donald. It's pure identity politics, not substance, this could cost them big time, not enough zombie's fall for this sh#t anymore.
Watching this DNC make HRC seem like Gandhi , I now feel for North Koreans hearing about how Kim Jong Un is Superman.
Keep seeing on twitter they are blocking people from entering the protests
Oh my goodness, what is this.
[deleted]
This is hard to watch.  
I'm hoping Obama will make some overtures to Bernie supporters in his speech, I haven't heard enough of that.
There it is!
Hillary cares about the environment,  and that is why she does not oppose fracking. 
Biggest cheer of the night  

> lets elect a sane, competent person  

Yeah, so inspiring...  

You know who else is sane and competent? Bernie! But he's also inspiring, insightful, has foresight and a whole lot more... oh and and he isn't a corrupt asshole.
Who the hell keeps catcalling?! Asshole.
"Obama may have won me over" is the CTR line for tonight. They are trying to get you in line. Don't follow.
Are these all robots?

It all seems so inhumane, everything is just read off a teleprompter in static voices. I can't believe any of these speakers.
Damn Obama is good. Gotta admit that. Dude had me believing for a sec.
great speach
I don't know what it is, but this guy gives me a creepy vibe.
Man, I heard this guy was boring, but holy shit.
Oh god. He's talking about Trust. And Hillary. In the same sentence...
He looks so fucking middle management
This guy is horrible, I predict another drop in the polls for HRC. The Donald (I'm no trump supporter) will destroy both him and HRC in the debates. 
Tim Kaine needs to be kept off TV until November. 
"Low energy". Never thought I would quote Trump but it really captures all these speakers.
Reports that the DNC will take away credentials of delegates if they hold up Anti-TPP signs https://twitter.com/RaniaKhalek/status/758471344090652677
Can we collect a list of links to live streams from the protest outside?

 - [Savanna Melton's periscope](https://www.periscope.tv/savannamelton)
 - [Fusion's periscope](https://www.periscope.tv/ThisIsFusion)
Luke Rudkowski @Lukewearechange

Protesters just rushed and opened the fence at the #DNCinPHL VIDEO is uploading now to YouTube.com/WeAreChange pic.twitter.com/fnJxoD7KJH
Obama is such an amazing public speaker, this speech is like poisoned candy for the ears.
That was a great speech!

Also: I will never vote for Hillary Clinton.

Why couldn't they have done a video intro like this for Bernie.  He **so** deserved it Monday.

Bernie we  you.  SFP, I  you.

Thanks Mods, it has been a slice.
It breaks my heart every time i see Bernie on the big screen. It should have been him.
Press conference live stream: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipt4RGQbmZg
What's going on with the live thread?  Is there not enough people to help out to keep it going? 
[deleted]
http://therealnews.com/t2/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=2360&showid=92
The Story of Christopher Leinonen, 32 - as told on NBC News was just heart breaking.

The Orlando Cops were insensitive in communicating his death to his mom. NO MOM SHOULD GO THROUGH THIS. NO MOM!!!

NBC Nightly News Broadcast

http://www.nbcnews.com/nightly-news/video/nightly-news-full-broadcast-june-12th-704154179778 (click on the video 6 of 14)

Just a heart breaking tale of how not do Policing 101.
There were two chants while that amazing speaker was going, what were they?

That guy was one of the best the entire convention!
[deleted]
What are they chanting?
I'm watching and biden just finished talking. Am I behind or am I watching live?
omg this is so f#cking bad, voting for this f#cking horrendous micromanaged pandering is not supporting it *(they even had signs in Spanish ready - this is exactly why they'll lose if they lose!)* it's buying time to get real change going :(

https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4uqb49/how_bernie_could_have_began_an_independent_run/
What was his line regarding Bernie? I tuned out...awful speech so far
I want Tim Kaine to do another Ric Flair impression.
What about Sanders? Did he resist or push back against the Clinton campaign on her behalf? "Sen. Sanders is in a difficult position," she said. "I don't know. I don't want to say."

This all sounds so sketchy.
"I trust Hillary"

This f#cking identity politics is about to cost them the election if they don't wake up - **SUBSTANCE**
I think these guys are too self-congratulatory. Fucking morons. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=abib9vq_s1Q - DNC sics Secret Service on peaceful Bernie protester to eject him from floor
[deleted]
Appointing Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State is the single greatest mistake Obama has ever made.
I hope Berners boo Bloomberg out of the arena.
this is like a gap commercial geared for the millennials. 
This is a joke. How can people listen to these speakers and hear honesty? They are so fake. They are like actors, speaking in robotic monotone voices and sounding like typical politicians. Not genuine at all. No heart. Not inspiring. Bernie Sanders and all of his surrogates made me feel alive. They were the total opposite. I will never forget this primary. It has truly changed my life. 
how much hispandering does the DNC need to do?
Throw everything at me, even vintage Obama. I'm a changed person, I can't bring myself at any cost to vote for Hillary.
I lived in NYC with this guy as Mayor.  He's an effing tyrant.  Not that different than Trump - just a little smarter an slicker.  He helped create the militarized police forces we're seeing more and more.  He was Mr. "stop and frisk".  That's when he wasn't kicking working people out of their neighborhoods to gentrify them.  Bad news.
Did Obama just try and help Hillary supporters relate to Bernie supporters? I never considered that they might need to be persuaded to reach out to us with kindness. 
https://twitter.com/ozgurzeren/status/758473512554205184
Tim Kaine is a terrible speaker
##**BERNIE CHANTS!!**##
Si se puede...sorry but that's shit.
This speech is turruble. [/Charles Barkley voice]
What's happening with the protests?
Apparently protesters have lit a flag on fire. Would not be surprised if the DNC planted protesters to make Sanders supporters seem violent... again.
A working live stream- 
http://therealnews.com/t2/
Nina looks alarmingly distressed.
So is Hillary even going to show up today?
JordanVerified account
@JordanChariton
Exact wording & instruction to @BernieSanders delegates by #DNC is they can lose credentials for holding up "unauthorized" signs #DNCinPHL
Did they talk about how he was the ex-DNC chair in that clip?
Clinton's VP is a Spanish speaking white guy who's pro right-to-work and pro tpp....She chose Jeb Bush!  ..oh wait
Lol Bernie looked so bored 
Establishment politicians are all inbred.
Did Obama just shoot on Bill Clinton?
Bill Clinton lip reading: "That's what I'm talkin about! I love that!"
Am I the only one that saw Bryan Cranston?
"Stronger regulations on Wall Street".  I just threw up a little bit.
Unfortunately this might be my last comment here on SFP. I thought that was a great speech but it didn't create a convincing case for "the queen" at all.
This sub-reddit is being censored from the front page. Explain mods. 
Nina was upset and kicked the people out for a non-live interview.

Tezlyn Figaro says [Everything in this story about @ninaturner is NOT true it was WORSE  & Im going straight 2 @megynkelly 2 tell it!! ](https://twitter.com/TezlynFigaro/status/758307533543075842)

Was she threatened?
She helped create ISIS.
Boy, CTR is really pushing the unite agenda. After all the shitting on us that they have done....they now want our support? They must actually need it.
Helicopters are now circling the protesters outside. 
In the wise words of Barack Obama, "Hillary will say anything and change nothing." 
How to make a speech at DNC checklist:

* Mention Race, HBQTHQBT, Obama, Bernie, Womens rights, Equal pay.

* Speak a bit spanish to the audience. 

* Anti Trump propaganda

* Hillary saved my life 20 years ago, best president history period thanks bye.
what a disaster this was.
without the booing, it's less interesting.
You can seriously hear some of them yelling "Trump trump trump"
This is cheesy as fuck

How can the dnc be so fucking stupid? Bernie would have swept in a landslide against Trump with all of the enthusiasm. 
Man this speech sucks. Such a contrast to Biden's speech. At least Biden is a good speaker, and is actually LIKABLE. 
No Sale
Very happy Obama gave that shoutout, maybe Hillary will do the same?
The amount of censorship that is taking place in this sub should scare people.  
[deleted]
that 'king of debt' ad was the dumbest thing I've ever seen.
Mike Pence is going to obliterate this weird lil dude.
Oh man....here go the taxes...all Donald Trump is going to do is ask her to release the transcripts. She'll shut up - guaranteed.
Didn't watch the speech, whoops. 
This speech is inspiring, it will persuade, right up until the moment folks remember:

Hillary Clinton will never be Barack Obama.
I really hope everyone reading this or the other dnc threads are going to vote green party.
Jill is as close to Bernie as it gets.
Talk about TPP and continued wars. Revolving door. We all know you're a slick speaker
Revolution over tyranny? Marching? Like Bernie's supporters outside? So conflicted right now. 
[removed]
She thinks the best way to fight ISIS is Regime change in Syria and backing "moderate" Rebels

http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2014/08/hillary-clinton-failure-to-help-syrian-rebels-led-to-the-rise-of-isis/375832/
I am kind of proud, I can't even be fooled by Obama sweet talk. Nice work ..lol .He is good at lying by we have 8 year to see his technique. What did you say in 2008 about Clinton?
One of the things I love about Bernie is his speeches are all substance. Obama is a great orator, but the speech lacks the substance I want in a speech now.
So what the fuck happened with Nina?  I'm watching the press conference but I can hardly hear what people are saying.
This is the oddest press conference.
poor sigourney, cut off by james cameron
No more war! chant going on.
U.S.A. U.S.A. U.S.A.
"Lies, lies, lies" vs. "USA, USA, USA"
Why is this thread so dead? Where did everyone go?
Republican guy is "voting for a lot of Democrats these days". Oh my God, can they make it any more obvious?
Lol, that was the fakest smile from Bernie.
Hellary Clenton daht cahm, go see how she's going to enact [all 37 of her policies.](https://www.hillaryclinton.com/issues/)

All 37. She's going to do it all. It's not like obama tried to do any of this... Oh no.. But Hillary can do it all!! /s

edit: but seriously, isn't it a bit ridiculous to have 37 policies and promise to be able to do everything? Hillary without a doubt will be breaking promises to everybody, she has promised way too much. What in the world could she possibly do that Obama couldn't???
Closed caption shows L Iraq sta :)
I just found out that Sanders switched back to being an independent. Let's follow his lead. #DemExit. 
That was a flatly incredible speech. I'm hyped for hillary 
President Obama has been a good, but not great president during his tenure. He has been a tremendous siren however in terms of his delivery of speech. 

Remember what happens to folks who sail towards the sirens...
What happened with Nina?

I respect that man and his message, he also asked that we choose Hillary instead of the usual disrespect. Kudos.
So bland.
This guy is a wet sock with a moldy wedge of watermelon in it.
Can't the camera just stay on Bernie? I'd love to watch his reactions all night.
So proud of the protestors!!! Fuck yea!
Great speech, great moment and then she came out...
Getting a Jerry Sandusky vibe from Tim Kaine.  
[deleted]
No TPP!  I love that guy!
She has her own server in her basement bathroom.

Obama's pandering to Bernie supporters seemed so scripted and forced and insincere.
whoa they're really booing the shit outta this dude
Anyone have any live periscope feeds from outside? The ones I was watching g have ended 
Oh the irony! Clinton backers saying in the wake of Trump's Russia comments that we must keep foreign influence out of our politics. LOL

Jill Stein really is right, Hillary's platform relies heavily on amnesia. I guess these guys are too afraid to watch the Clinton Cash documentary. 
All the Reagan Democrats (why the left can't have nice things) chanting USA.
Does anybody else find it weird they don't mention The Clinton Foundation? Is it not a charity?
Mods - After the convention ends, instead of closing the sub, appoint new mods if you guys want to move on, and keep this up. Any of us would be happy to do it, and we'll instantly ban concern trolls. \#StillSanders \#NeverNeolibs
I cannot believe people are trying to interrupt the POTUS. So fucking disrespectful. 
Now, he is straight lying...People should not be eating this stuff up.
the sandy hook shooter stole the gun. Background checks would not have helped. Stop playing to peoples' emotions to push your agenda
Hey, sexy new thread.
I see Rossario made it, I'm looking forward to that but this last speaker was so awesome I don't want him to stop (and the one before him was spectacular as well).
Who is the woman in red speaking now? 
Where is the mega thread from days 1 and 2?
Nina Turner made Real News cut the feed.
[deleted]
Any protesting?
[removed]
[removed]
The hypocrisy of these protestors. Complaining they don't get a voice so they try and prevent others from speaking smh 
I cant agree more!

When i got shoot 1976 in Colorado, i had no work to go back to and no money. I was dead broke.. You know who stood up for me? Hillary Clinton.

After that i tried to apply to college. I had no savings so i gave up the idea. But i got a call one night and it was Hillary clinton.

Hillary clinton is always there for you. Vote for her, she is the best president and Trump is veri veri bad! We can talk about policys another day but remember how hillary saved me thanks bye.
[deleted]
"You know what, Ive had it up to my goddamned eyeballs with these petulant, perpetual college freshman booing and chanting. Tape all your damned mouths until youre ready to use them for something useful.

Im a lifelong solid Democrat. A stereotypical one even. Skeptical of patriotism and the greatness of America. I went into this convention very lukewarm on Hillary. I was voting for her, but primarily because when the choice is a neo-fascist or not a fascist, you choose not a fascist. Thats your damned duty as an American.

But after the last few days, watching these bozos push their whiny lips out and shout down and boo decent people who have worked for decades to make this country better, Im 100% with her. Im fully on board. And it was that petulant attitude of the Bernie diehards that did it. I dont think Ive ever felt this patriotic. Its my dutyall of our dutiesto keep this fascist buffoon out of the Oval Office. And that the Bernie-or-busters and the craven GOP enablers of Trump cant see that, or feel that, or understand that, makes me incensed. I will not let them pout or pander us into armbands. No fucking way."
The pandering...

Hillary would make a good joker in a new Batman movie.
I'd suggest for yal to leave this sub up. I am a Trump supporter, and I come here to get a feeling for how Bernie supporters feel. It is a place that feels like a more honest, and people driven by there convictions than if I try to read Hillary's reddit. I don't want to read pandering, I want to read and understand issues on both sides, and this reddit helps me with that. This whole DNC convention, the only thread I read and refresh is this one. I like your passion, and despite our opposition on some issues, it's a good reason to read and understand why you support those issues with a good base of informed posters. 

Now we know why Luke Russert resigned from the MSNBC team.  He didn't want to go along with this bullshit of sugar coating this convention.  Possibly.
Voting for Hillary is not supporting Hillary, it's an admission you failed to do the work to create a safe democratic alternative, you can fight her every step of the way, lets try make an alternative viable:

https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4uqb49/how_bernie_could_have_began_an_independent_run/
"*...the most powerful military power in the world.*"

**USA**
**USA**
**USA**
**USA**
**USA**
**USA**
Zzzzzzzzzzz........
All I hear is bullshit. Bernie's rallies and speeches compared to this DNC joke show? Good god. Shut up. Ugh. Gotta stop listening.
Why doesn't Nina want press?
.#HillaryTips. Stay away from open windows and/or conventions if you want a stress free existence!
What's going on up in the rafters with Bernie people?
[deleted]
[removed]
This lady seems pretty okay? Who is she? Most interesting speaker I've heard so far.
The bedrock of *luuuurve*.
Actually, for the first time. I've liked a Tweet of Donald Trumps:

Donald J. Trump @realDonaldTrump  34m34 minutes ago
Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair.

See, this is his strategy, he is going to slowly shift his rhetoric, the closer it comes time to election day. This is the start of the pivot. Trump is what he is is but he understands how to communicate and control perception. 

Step 1 was to polarize and gain the support of the Republican base. At that point gaining cross over votes wasn't part of the equation - mission accomplished.

Step 2. Is the make a couple of pivots but continue to strengthen the support his core while making overtures to the independent voters - he's starting this process now.

Step 3. Will be to cannibalize Clinton supporters that are his target demographic - we all know who that is. This will be his focus 60 days prior to the election.
8 years later and people still think President Obama's words mean anything
Wow, that was one smooth snake oil salesman.  It takes willpower of steel to not forget that he is a war criminal and servant of the oligarchy.
These "USA" chants are embarrassing.
Bernie looks unimpressed.
Convention should have ended tonight. Now Hillary will come in and ruin it when she opens her mouth.
[removed]
It's been real folks, I was here from the beginning but there is nothing else we can do. It was 100% stolen from us. 3 Rd party or protest vote will get trump elected. #ughgirliguessimwithher :-(
8 years ago most would have fallen for Obama's speech hook, line and sinker. He is a great orator. His speeches have a lot of style. But it lacks substance to convince us and make a solid case for voting for Hillary.
Only a severely deluded neoliberal thinks that a pretty speech can unite the party under its illegitimate nominee.
Has CTR sent in the troops? Suddenly we have some contrarians in this thread.
Are people still watching this shit show?
Wow the Dems are really hitting Russia tonight.  It's easy to forget that Putin has the support of the majority of his people and was elected at least as fairly as Hillary has been.
Is it clear it enough already? Hear her delegates. A vote for Killary is a vote for war.
[deleted]
Sex jokes
[removed]
Pretty insulting about Flint. Sanders mentioned it again once or twice, but neither of them seemed to be doing anything about Flint once the media had died down around it. Flint's still shit.

Why the Mayor from Detroit is coming is beyond me, Detroit is corporate town now. Literally several corporations own nearly all the buildings.
Did Obama just say "12 years ago, today...."

Wasn't it only 8?
Is Obama really using the fear card?
My parents are clapping and crying. Vomit. 
Voting for Hillary is not supporting Hillary or that horrendous VP, it's just an admission you failed to do the work to create a safe democratic alternative, you can fight her every step of the way, vote for her and then try again instead of supporting bringing things back to the 15'th century, lets try make an alternative viable:

https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4uqb49/how_bernie_could_have_began_an_independent_run/
So... no mention of the emails, just about Trump-Russian-Treason. K.
She's more of a loyalist than a patriot in the traditional sense, imo. Unless patriot = war-monger. Also, reject fear? They've been promoting fear of DTrump for three days. On a good notes Obama doesn't exactly look happy after the speech. 
can obama stop appealing to emotion?
"Someone inside the arena."

Meanwhile, mass protests take place outside the arena.
HiL Liar Y
When is Nina coming on? I thought she had arrived already.
Love those nurses
HERE COMES NINA
Did Nina say she's not doing an interview
For a second I thought the choir was chanting, "bend the rules".
[deleted]
[deleted]
I use to come here for hope.  It's sad those days are over and all we have here is bitching and conspiracy theories.
[removed]
Fear. Mongering.
He's not terribly exciting, but I like him personality-wise, haha. His "I wonder" was a little too adorable.
Nothing to see here, just a completely unbiased journalist working with the Communications Director of the DNC to undermine Bernie Sanders on behalf of Hillary. 


Go to wikileaks DNC leaks and do a search for "Deep Background"

https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/?q=%22Deep+Background%22&mfrom=&mto=&title=&notitle=&date_from=&date_to=&nofrom=&noto=&count=50&sort=1#searchresult

Daniel Strauss seems to be pretty cozy with the DNC Communications Director:



* From:dstrauss@politico.com

>To: MirandaL@dnc.org

>Date: 2016-05-09 17:38

>Subject: Re: Deep background question
				

> You free to hop on the phone sometime soon?

>Sent from my iPhone

* On May 8, 2016, at 1:52 PM, **Miranda, Luis** 

> MiXXX@dnc.org<mailto:MXXXXL@dnc.org>> wrote:

>**Off the record, If you get the list I'll point out.**

*  On May 8, 2016, at 12:27 PM, Miranda, Luis 

> MirXXXX@dnc.org<mailto:MiXXXXL@dnc.org>

> wrote: >

> Off the record, you should request it from them, we don't divulge private communications from our candidates. However, since they raised it as an issue it would be surprising if they didn't send it to you.


* > From: Daniel Strauss [dstraussXXXX@me.com<mailto:dstraussXXX@me.com>] 

> Sent: Sunday, May 08, 2016 12:25 PM 

> To: Miranda, Luis

> Subject: Deep background question 

> Hey > 

> So we want to see the list of committee appointments the Sanders Folks submitted just to verify it was mostly staffers and ineligible figures. That possible with no fingerprints attached? > 

> Sent from my iPhone

**Also**
https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/9705

> From:MirandaL@dnc.org
> To: dstrauss@politico.com

> Date: 2016-05-06 13:42 Subject: Link from them...

> OFF THE RECORD, https://berniesanders.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/Sanders-DNC-Committee-Letter-5.6.16.pdf

Nothing to see here, just neutrally helping to attack Bernie
What can we do to call these people out? How can we challenge the media? We need to put these people in check somehow..
Insane done with the DNC. 
luiz Miranda is the gooniest goon in the goon squad.

he even shit on Pablo. man of the people.
Hillary or bust
Looks to me like the party self destructed from internal corruption. They don't believe in democracy
Could?
      
I never thought I'd see the day I'd boycott the Democrats, but there is no way in hell Clinton is getting my vote and I just registered as an independent. The Democratic party has to die so that the country can live.
I wish they would stop calling us "Sanders loyalists", "Bernie-or-bust'ers" etc.  They always make it out to sound like we're the assholes for not falling in line and accepting the DNC narrative - even though I would suspect a significant portion of us are **not** democrats.  Our candidate didn't make it, I can accept that and move on but that doesn't mean I owe the democrats my vote. 
If you value Social Security and Medicare - this is enlightening.  I know that the Clintons have been trying to dismantle them since the 90s http://www.huffingtonpost.com/george-lakoff/understanding-trump_b_11144938.html
I love(hate?) the fact that the [DNC schedule](https://www.demconvention.com/event-categories/july-28/) already shows Hillary as the final speaker. Duh, we know who's getting the nomination, it's been on the schedule since the the whole event was planned.
If only Colorado gave me a choice to register as independent. 
I hope it does. And I hope the republicans fracture as well.
It has already happened.
"Is rupturing"
She could have the entire Democratic party behind now if she had won fair and square. 

Instead, a significant faction is not only going to leave the party now, but vote for one of her opponents.
It's already happened

Ex-Sanders supporters: You'd trust him with the nuclear codes, but you don't trust his judgment about the best path forward for the movement?
Lol foxnews
I don't think everything went according to his plan, but I do believe he had the framework of a plan for several situations. 

He has spent his entire political career fighting uphill and taking what he can scrape out of the system we have and how things play out around him. 

I don't think he was prepared for the depths of the skulldugerry that the Clinton campaign was capable of. 
agree 100%... though i still hope, if all you say is right and polls agree in september.. i hope he takes jill stein up on it and runs as green prez nom...   but yes, bernie is super smart... and the truth is, if he had just retired next term.. no one but vermonters would be aware that the greatest american of his generation  existed.... this was like a long "meet bernie sanders" campaign... it isn't silly as it sounds: it has changed my life knowing it is possible for a smart honest good person to be in congress for decades... next time, maybe thanks to bernie, the progressive socialist may be taken more seriously... BUT    that is if there even is a next time.. donald and hillary both will leave this country even more unrecognizable than it is
The DNC Convention is a virtual North Korean Kim Jong-Un love fest!
I have never been more appalled---we live in an Alice In Wonderland sham democracy.   

No need to buy the  [Lesser Evil Voting](http://www.counterpunch.org/2016/06/29/noam-chomsky-john-halle-and-henry-the-first-a-note-on-lesser-evil-voting/) corporate elite spin and compromising one's integrity and value system to vote for someone manifesting  decades of bad judgement, and illicit covert actions seems an incomprehensible trade off.  

Hillary is at the very beating heart of the rigged political system, and overt pay-for-play influence peddling, is not only not going to honestly confront corruption, but the White House, already [the least transparent administration in history]
(http://www.aim.org/aim-column/the-least-transparent-administration-in-history/), will gradually become totally dark and inaccessibleforget about  [FOIA ](https://www.judicialwatch.org/investigative-bulletin/) from the public, and other critical checks and balances.

Very well said. I've used the metaphors that he fell into his sword for the movement a lot this week. 

Comment Source: http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/4uuiyl/sanders_delegate_if_hillary_doesnt_win_thats/d5szx2e
Thank you so much! This makes sense. Bernie would have long haul view of politics, of corrupt system he's fought for decades. Don't think Bernie has any ego in this, not worried about his legacy. He did the very best he could to push progressive causes into national spotlight within a very corrupt system. Now we take it from here. I'll always be a Berniecrat.
Perfect! Great Job. Thanks for posting and see you over at PR
[deleted]
Well it didnt went as he tought it would.

* DNC beat Trump by building fences around the convention.
* More Trump propaganda by sales men and hired celebrities.
* Not talking about actual issues.
* Hillary saved everyone from a certain death 20 years ago
* Replacing Bernie delegates with pro hillary people.

And yet they talk about unite. 
>[Michael Bloomberg Has a Lot to Lose From a Trump Presidency](http://fortune.com/2016/07/25/bloomberg-lp-election-risk-globalisation/)

  .  .   . His own financial data company is a big beneficiary of globalisation

  .  .   .  Increased globalization of capital markets and trade has fueled Bloomberg L.P.s growth. The company is privately held and doesnt release financial information about itself. But in recent years, more than half its annual revenues of about $9 billion have come from the sale of subscriptions to Bloomberg services outside the U.S. Its 19,000 employees work in more than 190 offices around the world. 

>[Billionaires For Billary": Mike Bloomberg Will Endorse Hillary]
(http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-07-24/billionaires-billary)

Who gives a shit? Sanders is now officially irrelevant. 
Sanders Supporter "She will never get my vote"

Hillary "Luckily it will be us who count the votes in the election so who cares"
How did they managed to get seat fillers so fast? Who are the seat fillers?
Ex-Sanders supporters: You'd trust him with the nuclear codes, but you don't trust his judgment about the best path forward for the movement?
[deleted]
Ask the question, "Why are there embarrassing and compromising emails to begin with?"

Sure as shit the Russians did NOT write them.


This is only getting worse and worse for the Democratic Party and Clinton, but it seems like no one is ever going to see reason and backpedal on their choice of her as the nominee, despite the fact she is becoming extremely unelectable, has the lowest favorability rating of her career, and is "making history". Even the Obama's didn't help her by endorsing her like the campaign thought it would, despite all this they're carrying her on and apparently know she did worse or what would they have to fear in October?
Well here's a novel idea. Maybe if they had nothing to hide, they wouldn't have anything to fear.
Why does it matter? What exactly do they fear? I've seen not one call for accountability or investigations yet so what is new info going to do? Media isn't even talking about the info anymore nor are they demanding answers
Good. To hell with them all.
They are just trying to prepare us so it takes the sting out of it for them.  Bad news DNC, we want the corruption called out.  The DNC has to change if it wants the new generation of votes, they won't stand for this shit.
Happy Halloween
don't do the crime if you can't do the time
surprise!
hillary clinton is worse than trump. Progressives will benefit politically from his dumb ass being in the white house for 4 years.

If clinton is president , our movement gets locked out , new rules will be written to keep us out. 

Not only that but she wont follow through with any of the promises. The platform is meaningless
Clinton is worse
I also fear her perceived attachment to progressive ideals will taint them for a looong time. If a new real progressive candidate come along in the future, opponents will likely use Clinton and her terrible record as weapon against them.
The problem of Hillary Clinton's presidency is that our current oligarchs governments roused millions of supporters for Trump. 4 years from now, we might have more insane Trump to get more supporters. One Trump is not scary, but if so many people supports him, that is something terrible wrong with the government. 
This is crazy. You would think based off of their actions, Putin would be besties with Clinton rather than Trump.
From Real Progressives:

"On the week that was supposed to be Hillary Clinton's coronation, more corruption scandals continue to develop around the powerful Clinton regime. Today, new details expose how they laundered local race donation money from inside the Democratic Party to fund Hillary's own campaign.
The Democratic National Committee attempted to conceal details of a fundraising arrangement with Hillary Clinton that channeled money out of state Democratic parties, according to the most recent batch of leaked emails roiling the national party.
Politico reports that during one three-month period while Democratic primaries were still going on, state parties got to keep LESS THAN .5 PERCENT of the $82 million raised through the arrangement.
BUT the corruption gets even worse.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz was the co-chair of Hillary's 2008 presidential run, where she lost the nomination to Obama. So, in order to lock down the nomination for 2016, Hillary would've had to put Schultz in charge of the DNC and manipulate it from within.
In order for this corruption scheme to work, the Clintons would have needed first to, not only get the current DNC chair at the time to step down, but also get them to recommend Schultz for the position. A big request. And the Clintons would have likely needed to promise a powerful favor to that DNC chair, something more prestigious than being head of the Democratic party.
So who was that person and what did they get in return?
The previous chair of the DNC prior to Debbie Wasserman Schultz was...
Tim Kaine.
Let that sink in for a moment and then get determined to 
TAKE ACTION."
Let this sink in. Media and Hillary camp "outraged" over Trumps sarcastic comments about Russians getting her emails, yet have you heard the slightest demand from the media for answers on any of these DNC emails? Same with their reactions to Hillary irresponsible handling of her insecure server. I wish we could fire the damn press. They don't do their damn jobs
Better fact check you own collusion.
# ImWithNina trending
I disagreed at first, but now I think closing it is the right thing to do. See you at pol rev.
"Clinton trolls" are the last problem this place has.
I keep posting this everywhere because I think this is a telling quote from Bernie's speech when he declared his run last spring.  

"But I seriously wonder... and it's not just Bernie Sanders... I wonder now, in this day and age, whether it's possible for any candidate who is not a billionaire or who is not beholden to the billionaire class to be able to run successful campaigns. And if that is the case, I want you all to recognize what a sad state of affairs that is for American democracy"

Bernie has made so many people recognize what is going on here.  Even if you can't stand to vote for Hillary, please go vote for downticket progressives so Bernie has some decent humans to work with when he returns to the Senate.

(For those who prefer video, here at time 7:55 here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dOIirPta4h4 )
He had a grim look on his face as he "read" the endorsement. Not a lot of "enthusiasm" there.
That look says it all. I bet he regrets backing Hillary. 
Oh Bernie :(
He should have fought against every election rigging and election fraud, starting from Iowa. The lesson is that you have to fight.
do you wonder if this is the thing Bernie hates himself most about in his entire life?

i do...and i think it is

i noticed it live but right after he turned from podium after this speech he gave out a sigh that said it all
oh my heart. :(
im crying inside
Can anyone say wi.... wiii..... WIKILEAKSSSS.

Seriously though, don't count Sanders out until Clinton's speech Is over.
That's the old "I sold myself to the devil" look
Why would he do this ? 
Relevant: https://youtu.be/oabcM9SOF-E
beautiful, it reminds me of the types of photos photographers used to take when they used expensive film, and were going for picture with meaning and story. 
As crappy as he feels, he has to know that he has truely started something this past year. He is no longer alone in his fight; he has millions of people backing him now.
Fuck this. By endorsing Hillary and conforming to the DNC corruption, he is just a part of the problem. 

How many democratic senators and representatives at the DNC called out their party? One maybe (Tulsi). 

Silence justifies the means.  No accountability. 

The unity of a corrupt party makes them all guilty. 
Downvote this all you want. At the end of the day, he sold out to the establishment rather than fight for the system he advocated for his whole campaign.
Yeah well it doesn't matter now since he's already endorsed her and saying bull shit like she'd make a good president. Fucking puke
Damn what a sellout... How many of y'all donated?
[deleted]
I am in Florida and I want my vote to mean something.  I'm voting Trump over Hillary.  DNC thought I was fucking kidding.
It does not make a difference for me. I would not vote for a cheater even though the person would be Jesus Christ. 
Donald Trump isn't even the worst candidate in this election...
No, Hillary is.
She's more evil, only knows better how to hide it.
I would have to disagree with that. Hillary is far worse.
hillary is a warmonger

unless you are a major shareholder of a weapons manufacturer and also have no soul, don't vote for her

end of fucking story


Bernie is a good student of history but we have had some really lousy Presidents before.  Trump is almost the perfect storm but this continued effort to make him out as bringing Purge 22:Electric Boogaloo is ridiculous.
Loved that. Thanks for posting it!
He is utterly delightful. 
I guess Hillary Bros are more violent then Trump Bros. Who would have thought?
Harry Reid? Who messed with the casino caucuses in Nevada for Clinton's benefit? Somehow I do not buy the crocodile tears.
I dont think I trust this guy. 
He knew what was going on. He was part of it. What a cad.
Can some intrepid journalist ask one of these people about the optics of her immediate new position in the Clinton campaign....Sure feels like pay-to-play.  Hmmm...it seems to follow the DNC around.

Gosh.  If only, I don't know, the SENATE FUCKING MINORITY LEADER could have put some pressure on the DNC.
Why didn't you say so sooner Harry?
And here we go with the sweep under the rug: "Everybody knew..." so now it's old news, everyone.
So they knew and all kept quite.  That basically means heis admitting to being part of the conspiracy 
The President doesn't appoint SCOTUS judges.  The President *nominates* them.  The Senate appoints them.  The Senate is also under no obligation to even review the nominees or appoint them, so long as the majority of the Senate agrees not to.  There is nothing the President can do to unilaterally force their nominee into being appointed, Senate approval is required by the Constitution.

If you really want to stop either Trump or Hillary from having their nominations blindly approved, the Senate MUST be made up of people who won't blindly support the President.

To date, 5% of SCOTUS nominees were never even discussed by the Senate after being nominated by the President.

tl;dr:  The President is in charge of nominating, the Senate is in charge of appointing, the Senate can indefinitely block the President's choice from being appointed, the President cannot unilaterally appoint a SCOTUS judge.
[removed]
With this Senate, neither Hillary nor Trump will be able to get anything better than a moderate justice installed. Stop fearmongering.
This is false.  Here is a great [calculator from Slate](http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/jurisprudence/2016/02/the_odds_of_another_supreme_court_justice_dying.html) that is based on epidemiological data about the average age of death by race and sex.  Let's look at the FACTS:

The average life expectancy for a white female in the District of Columbia is 86.65 years. Ginsberg is 83. She's got 3 years left before she hits "Average." Is it possible she'll die? Sure. It's quite possible she won't. This Slate Calculator puts the odds of her dying at 35%, which, as a physician, I would agree with. 

Incidentally, the Slate Calculator gives the odds of any CONSERVATIVE justice dying as 54.26%, approximately equal to the odds of any Liberal justice dying (56.76%). 

Let's look at just the liberal justices:

- Ginsberg: 36.08% chance of death
- Breyer: 27.81% chance of death
- Kagan: 2.77% chance of death
- Sotomeyer: 3.75% chance of death.


So there's a ~1/3 chance that Ginsberg could die and a ~1:4 chance Breyer could die. There's almost no chance of the other two liberal justices dying. 

Conservatives:

- Kennedy: 32.81%
- Roberts: 6.67%
- Thomas: 16.81%
- Alito: 10.58%

There's a greater chance that we could lose 3 conservative judges (1.05%) than 3 liberal judges (0.76%). 

As you can see, the odds, based on average population statistics are quite low. It's likely the justices, being far above average income will significantly exceed the averages. Also, the average for Washington DC is significantly higher than the US average, and I'd except the justices to exceed even that, barring known health issues. And the conservative court we've had has refused to overturn Roe v Wade so far, so what makes you think that a +1 would change that? Regardless, it's not enough to make me vote for an immoral, corrupt, war hawk that will continue to sell the American people to the highest bidder. 

For this "article" to claim that it's "likely" the next president will appoint 3 justice is patently false.  ~1% is not likely in anyone's book.  FEAR MONGERING.  


I wanted Bernie Sanders. .. But right now I'm letting the Undemocratic party that forced Clinton on us figure that out...perhaps they'll just rig the vote again since it worked so well during the primary...
Bernie
Once again, HRC-DNC scare tactics. 
Bernie... Jill Stein is also acceptable.

Clinton will have to repay her donors for the millions and millions of dollars in donations for her funds. Corporate America will become even more entrenched. 
That is a lie. Fear mongering. And only wild speculation. 
So tell me how great Hillary's corporatist picks would be. 
On flag burning (first amendment rights):

HRC - Flag burners should serve time in prison
Antonin Scalia - Are you fucking insane? Of course they can burn flags, it is their first amendment rights.
Hillary Clinton.
There is ONE open seat.  ONE.  Stop it with the fear mongering and scare tactics.  We will not be bullied and intimidated into voting for your corrupt candidate.  
Jill Stein.
[removed]
I prefer the Magic 8 ball do the selecting.
[deleted]
Hillary so the hedge fund people and wall street won't punish us for making the wrong decision! I mean look at who they donate too. I'm sure they will be kind if we're with her.
He was elected as an independent and is respecting the people that voted for him. End of story. 
[deleted]
DemExit, right on!
We need a bern list to oust and replace any person riding Clinton's coat tails.  The betrayal this deep needs to get returned in kind.  We cannot forgive or forget.
Anyone have a list of the super delegates per state?
[removed]
One thing people dont talk about when they should is that if we elect Hillary now, a Republican (possibly worse than Trump) will go on to easily defeat her in 4 years. She will be the most unpopular President in the History of the United States. She has no chance at re-election.

What we really should be talking about is how establishment democrats fucked up and that if they want to start winning, they should start listening to their constituents and make the Primary process open and fair. If democrats keep acting like Republicans they are going to be outdone by real Republicans and lose every single election.
I was thinking about how combative and downright authoritarian the Democrats have been this cycle. I have decided to leave the party personally and was reflecting on it, and I had heard too many cases where Clinton supporters were verbally abusing Sanders folks for their statements, even though the party is supposed to "come together." I think people are so deceived by guns versus abortion and "beating the other side" as the only issue, they are incapable to coming together to fight the corporate buyout of our entire political structure. Instead they turn to guilt and fear as though those are the only tools of building trust.
No one left in the running gives me hope for anything. There is plenty that I'm worried about and afraid of, however. Hillary is addressing none of my concerns, while Trump is addressing several.

Sorry folks.
[deleted]
LOLOL! The way that they try and paint Trump. Yeah he is flawed and says things off the hip sometimes, but at least its brutally honest compared to Hillary pandering to the flavor of the day to garner votes. At least it seems more and more America is realizing this and its one of the reasons why she is nose diving in some polls. She has flipped on so many issues that the only way to determine how she feels on an issue is to see which side of the coin is popular to be on at that time.
Yep. This is why I am 100% voting for Trump now...

If you rig an election and spit in democracies face, you don't deserve my vote.


"because american are not motivated by FEAR MONGERING", so now lets fear that trump will destroy this country LOL LOL LOL
It certainly isn't in the DNA of the DNC to be able to do that. They don't know how to not be corrupt it seems.
> Americans are not motivated by fear mongering.

Although I would love to agree with you, I cannot. Americans have been manipulated with fear mongering for a long time now. That and political apathy. It's how we got in this mess to begin with. 
[removed]
* **HRC Pros:** Not Trump, no penis

* **HRC Cons:** Says one thing in public while records show she works for opposite thing in back channels, voted for Iraq war, pockets full of Wall St dough, avoids public disclosure at all costs, pro mass surveillance of US Citizens, against single payer healthcare, uses elected office for personal gain, etc...
"The only thing we have to fear is fear itself." -FDR, The second greatest Democratic to ever live. 

If our convictions are lost in the face of corruption then I'm not sure what we are fighting for. 
its fear mongering about a fear monger. about as hypocritical as you can get.
Probably because it's scripted.
Beautifully written. I stole your title and posted it as a Facebook post! I agreed with absolutely everything you wrote.
Exactly. They are using fear mongering and mockery. "get the pacifiers out of your mouth"... What, while you're watching CNN and they're out here trying to *do* something? The people fighting for democracy in the streets are not the ones to be mocked. 
Americans *are* motivated by fearmongering, though.    Not all, but more than enough.
YOU aren't ruled by fear. Most Americans are, though, unfortunately.

I had to stop there since your premise was flawed.
Honestly the Ds are trying to paint the Rs as the party of fear, but there's a large and growing group of people who are honestly positively inspired by Trump, who don't see him as a racist or a fascist, and who do seem him as a sign of positive hope and change. Until they stop with the fear-mongering and start trying to positively engage with both this group and disenchanted progressives I can't see them pulling off a win.
I do not agree about the fear mongering thing. It definitely is a motivator for some people, in certain situations. It's not a motivator for us with Trump, though. 
If fear mongering didn't work, I wonder how Trump got so far.

Clearly, fear mongering works and the DNC is trying to push the narrative that a vote for any other candidate than Hillary Clinton is pure evil and you will be forever written as the person who corrupted this world. However, it is not working with us bernie supporters and we are leading an exodus of the democratic party.
I think you're mistaken on one point.

Almost half of Americans are in fact motivated by fear, possibly even more.
Fear is actually a really effective tactic to employ. Many people base decisions based off of fear. Most people won't actually think about whether the fear is legitimate. That being said there is no reason that will ever make me vote for Hilary.
Our democracy would be much stronger and more honest if we had strong democratic, republican, libertarian and progressive parties. Parties would be honest about what they want rather than changing positions between the primaries and the general election. 

A 3rd party is not going to win this time around. But it's a worthwhile investment if Johnson or Stein can get a decent chunk of votes and people start to see that there's other options.
Hate to tell you, but the fact that Trump is even a serious candidate proves fear mongering works. 
This might be an unpopular opinion on here, but it's easy to shrug off the fear when you aren't under an immediate threat by a potential Trump presidency.

I'm a die-hard Sanders supporter. I phonebanked for him, I canvassed for him, I donated to his campaign several times... But I'm also a Muslim American, and the idea of a Trump presidency scares the hell out of me. 

I understand the anger about the DNC's and HRC's collusion and circumvention of campaign finance laws. I'm mad about it too. Not only were they caught read handed after calling us crazy, but they had the audacity to "fire" DWS and then immediately give her a job in HRC's campaign. It's a slap in the face to Bernie supporters, and the lack of consequences for the DNC and HRC makes my blood boil...

But if we punish them DNC by handing the election to Trump, we do so at the cost of throwing Muslims, black Americans, and Latinos under the bus. Maybe Trump is all talk and he isn't going to make Muslims a target in his presidency, but I don't have the luxury of taking that chance. Strategic voting sucks, especially when you have to vote for a candidate you loathe and a party that tried to destroy your movement. But for me, my family members, and my Muslim friends in America, it feels like there's no other option.

I know you want to stick it to the DNC, I do too. But I can't in good conscience do it at the expense of the lives of all the groups Trump and the RNC are spewing hate against. If you want to call Trump's bluff and punish the DNC, that's your choice and I respect that. But just know that you're playing a dangerous game, and think about how your personal decision impacts the lives of all the marginalized groups that Bernie has fought for his entire life.
> Americans are not motivated by fear mongering. They follow people who inspire them with hope, who respect the laws that govern everyone, who care more about the country than political meddling.

Ummmm, did you forget the years of Bush II, the whole Iraq war bit and the Patriot Act? That was all fear mongering, and your whole country fell for it. 

Moral or not, fear mongering is what leads you (and the rest of us) way better than high faluting ideals. It's part of the human condition.
Obviously this is incorrect considering the presidential candidates of both major parties.
Everyone that is asking us to unfy, should go to HRC and the DNC and ask them to change. We will Unify if our issues r addressed. HRC has done everything to discourage us. They suppressed our votes, called us sexist, worked against our candidate, kick ninaturner out of the convention, spit in our faces cuz of the VP pick, and put our voices under the corporate donors. Work for our vote, dont expect it! We are not sheeps.
Maybe vote for Hillary because she will listen to the people of Political Revolution way way more than Trump ever will. Would you even be able to talk about raising the minimum wage or universal healthcare under Trump administration?

/

Edit: Then again I realized my self, this is kind of another form of fear mongering. "Vote for her because he will never listen you" I don't know maybe you are right....
Well, it's not easy to reconcile the whole thing. I try to have a long view and think about this whole thing as a process. No, I didn't get what I wanted, the revolution the country needs, but I do think we are set to make progress. Bernie is doing the best he can to leverage this awful situation into so,e kind of momentum towards change.

Do I want to risk burning it to the ground just to give the DNC the finger? Nope. The world and our nation is in a fragile place. I just don't see that being the best option.

I remain ever grateful to Bernie for freeing my mind and showing me another path. 

Please don't bern it to the ground.
They have no other reason to cite, she is a horrible nominee, let alone a person. They have set themselves up for failure.
I'm increasingly convinced all these moves (promptly scooping up DWS into the campaign, denying credentials, trying to take the roll call off the floor, media suppression and spin, appeals to fear) are all aimed at alienating us entirely.

Trump is so terrible they think they don't even need us.  They can appeal to the neocons and Cruz diehards who are closer to HRC than our camp anyway.

They probably realized it's way easier to minimize turnout through suppression than to GOTV, and see an opportunity to win that way.
"I will switch to voting for Hilary because she inspired me, not because she made me fear the consequences of not voting for her".

I dunno about your title....most voters are motivated by fear.
[deleted]
Yea, Americans also used to be known for what was doing what was right, even if it didn't make us happy or tweak our pride. The GOP platform is not to be fucked with. We cannot allow this to happen. The time to show our teeth is 2020, with more organization and a more clear road ahead. 
Note: I am a Canadian expatriate, and don't have a dog in this fight, but I'll take a stab at it. 

Hillary is the most qualified presidential candidate, possibly to ever run. She has a track record of liberal, if not progressive, achievements as a Senator and as Secretary of State. She has endured literally decades of investigation and scrutiny in the public eye without ever any findings of wrong doing. 

As a woman, she brings a unique voice and perspective to an office which has never had it. She brings decades of executive experience with her, and a proven ability to work with former adversaries. 

She presents a hopeful, forward-looking vision, which is by no means revolutionary, but continues the incremental progress through which minority groups in America have found their voices and begun or continued on the path to equality. 

She represents a continuity with an administration which has not lived up to the most lofty of its promises, but has delivered consistent economic growth, progressive social policy, and significant international treaties. 

That's just off the top of my head without googling anything. 




The thing is the cameras won't go there and further they are filling the delegate seats with actors.  I just watched a video showing how they are not letting the CA delegates in and putting reserved signs on their seats.
Here's the tweet: [https://twitter.com/Tim_Canova/status/758326834161299456](https://twitter.com/Tim_Canova/status/758326834161299456)
Let's spread the word people. Get DWS out
Shyla doesn't play around 
She's an opera singer too! What a lovely person.
She was very impressive as a spokesperson during the walkout.  I hope she runs for office.  
When someone tells me that Hillary won fair and square, I point to the 15% deviation in exit poll results from California. Or the voter suppression. Or the debacle in Arizona. Or how Hillary started with hundreds of super delegates from day one.
Massive fraud election , media propaganda with the DNC telling all of them to write against bernie and pro Killary. Killary is for war and albright said it was okay to bomb women and children. She is pro TPP just like her creepy VP. She is  for fracking, low slave wages and republicans are funding her as well as saudis. She is for bank deregulation and wall street. She has to pay people to fill seats at convention.
This sub hates Hillary.  She won the popular vote by like 4 Million votes!
All of you Bernie supporters have been saying all week the supers do not have to follow the vote of their state.  You said they should vote for whomever they thought the better candidate was.  You especially said they should vote for sanders over Hillary in states SHE WON.  So why when the opposite happens that is wrong but if it was in Sanders favor it would be ok?  That's hypocrisy.
No kidding.  How long now have we been openly talking about this?  At least since California.
Party unity yay! /s
[removed]
Because realistically, maybe up until this election, the two major parties were the only viable parties. There has not been a single president from a third party for over 100 years. A woman being nominated as the candidate for either the Republican or Democratic party is a huge achievement. It signifies that people actually believe she has a good chance at being president, and that she would be a good one. Now whether this is true for HRC... well. :/
Why is it "unconsidered"? She is the first nominee of a major party, so she is the first woman who has a real possibility of becoming the President. Just because people celebrate this milestone, it doesn't mean that other achievements aren't also historic. Did someone say that all other moments related to women running for President were no longer historic because of HRC's run?


Claudette Colvin.  She refused to give up her seat 9 months before Rosa Parks.  But we all remember Rosa Parks.

It's just like that.
It's historic for the Democratic party in the same way it would be historic for the Republican party when they get around to it in 50 years or so, just as it was historic for Palin as VP, even inspiring Republican women to run for office the following election season (in which only 1/3 of them even got through the primary apparently https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I55vQgvaFNU ).
It has less to do with politics, and more to do with history. Considering how people viewed/treated women, and they only relative recently considering out countries history, let alone actual political power. Like it or not, it is pretty impressive that she almost got it 8 years ago, and was only beaten by the first black guy. 8 years ago the whole "first woman" thing was even bigger, and would have honestly been president if it was anyone aside Obama with his black voter block. People forget how big the Obama camp was worried about the woman revolt after Hilary lost.

I honestly think that if Hilary hadn't come out and endorsed Obama in 2008, and decided to revolt Obama loses easily. The woman vote was sooooooo much more important/bigger than with what Bernie had this year. There was legitimate worry that Hilary could fracture the woman vote and give the election with McCain. On top of it, Hilary had the young.middle aged, and old woman vote in her pocket, and the Hilary people were really angry about how it went down, although I don't think it was that bad.

Either way, it shows progress whether we like it or not. The GOP would NEVER nominate a woman because they are a few years behind the curve, Same reason they'll never nominate a minority. Maybe in 2 more election cycles they'll think about it more, but they're still too white and old
[removed]
Because since she is the nominee now 2016 is going to have the biggest landslide victory ever seen for Trump.
Why do people insist on putting "an" before words beginning with "h"? Feckin' does my head in.
It's not.
Her genetals
I am shocked. No wait, what's that thing that's the opposite of shocked?
[deleted]
This is what the revolution is for. We need to hound her over this. Organize protests when it happens. Do everything we can. This is her nature. She changes positions if she thinks the political environment is too risky otherwise. That's how she'll get on board with fair trade. Lets direct our outrage at her in a constructive way.
This is the guy who took $120K from a Chinese billionaire, btw.

Oh, and he's being investigated by the FBI, but not for that donation because that's legal: https://theintercept.com/2016/06/01/va-gov-terry-mcauliffe-took-120k-from-a-chinese-billionaire-but-the-crime-is-that-it-was-legal/

He also used to be a higher-up at the Clinton Foundation... 

So he knows what he's talking about.
She will be for it after some "revisions" like changing the font, or putting in a forward by Gloria Steinem.
In other news, the sun is bright.
Imagine that, Hillary is a candidate without morals, ethics, or integrity. No thanks, I'm not with her. 
derrrr...just look at her VP choice. 

that and her track record
#NO SHIT
Wow, what a sham. 
I thought we already knew this?
No shit. 

There was no way they would let an anti-TPP candidate win here in Canada, last year. Mulcair, leader of the leftist/socialist New Democrats, might've stood a chance if he was pro-TPP and pro-surveillance. Guess what? The media spun story after story against him. Sort of like they're doing against Bernie.
Nice, I just saw a thing calling Bernie a liar because HRC was anti-TPP before Sanders got her to flip. The spiciness increases
"Sen. Sanders was a true champion," McAuliffe said. "He sent out texts, his speech last night said we have to come together. He's done everything we've asked him to do. This is a hard business, it just takes time. I think this convention made a lot of progress."

-Exactly.  Likely harassing Bernie to no end.  You can tell Bernie never willingly and freely backed her.
How stupid do you have to be to believe anything hillary says in 2016 that would involve anything other than corporate interest and establishment interest?
once a liar, always a liar. it's an old adage from people with experience living.
Oh oh.  Is Terry singing to the FBI about the Clinton Foundation, too, in order to save his skin?
Wait huh?  Why would McAuliffe even say this?  He's practically cut from the same cloth as Hillary.  Seems very odd.  
She did refer to it as the "Gold Standard" for trade agreements - didn't she?
To everyone saying how unsurprising this is, remember that the electioneering and defrauding during the primary were also blatant, but the DNC was correct to feel untouchable on it until it was leaked in writing. This disclosure, even if an accident and even if disavowed officially, may still matter.
Knew it all along. Just lying to pander to Bernie supporters.
What a surprise!
To the surprise of no-one. 
Seems about right.
There is something no one could have guessed. (s)
Duh.  How is this breaking news?  No one needs to declare Hillary will flip- that's all she does.  
How is this news?

Is anyone actually expecting Clinton to follow all her campaign promises?
I hope people realize Hillary will not push forward ANY of Bernie's positions.
Terry needs to be careful. That other guy was shot twice recently. She has a target in her head from the Clintons. I hope nothing bad happens to her.  
And this is why I am voting Trump if Bernie does not go third party.
What specific things did she say made her "change her mind" even? Did she give exact points that she was against in the TPP?
No shit
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/758135085820416000
I feel like ~~Ben Stiller~~ Steve Carell in "the Big Short" we were right but it feels awful to be right 
How is something everyone knows breaking news?
"We know" - every Bernie supporter
What a shocker...
There isn't one issue this woman is solid on, why? 
She's a pathological liar and "nothing" she says can ever be trusted completely.
This is why a majority of Bernie supporters wont support her. We won't vote with fear.
JFC
The raping re-commences...
Is ANYONE truly surprised? 
This is not news, this is common knowledge.
No shit. 
Next you're gonna tell me the sun is hot.
Oh wow, no way!
Can we please take this to the front page
Duh? 
Called it
Not surprising.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDbHwz6JGzo
Makes me glad I voted for him in VA but guess who was on his campaign trail in VA with him...
Bill Clinton. 
DUUUUH
Can someone briefly explain why the TPP is bad? 
This is the issue with Clinton, even with the few policies I agree with her on I don't trust that she won't flip. 
Pretty much what we already knew. I doubt she has any intention of keeping any of the policy positions she's adopted because of Bernie.
OMG! Guys! The sky is BLUE!
Say it with me now: OF COURSE!
Of course she will. She owes it to her donors.
All the more reason to make sure your Congressional vote makes a difference.
Of course she will flip on TPP. Her husband is one of "free trade"'s biggest proponents and so is she, because Goldman Sachs and her billionaire backers support it.

What is amazing is how arrogant Clinton supporters are. A day after Bernie speaks they're openly saying how she'll just ignore whatever positions Bernie supported.
God DAMNIT!
And water is wet
/r/noshitsherlock
Here's my surprised face.
Of course she will flip. That's pretty much the only thing we know for sure, she will flip.

https://youtu.be/7LYRUOd_QoM
This falls under...no shit...
Yeah, i'm pretty sure most people with a clue knows she is going to flip as fast as possible.
Okay.  This is scary.
[That's disappointing if it is true.  I had held out a lot of hope that the nominee from the DNC would actually retain some of the progressive tendencies that she had started to portray in the run up to the nomination.  I was actually starting to feel like she was hearing the voice of the electorate.](https://uproxx.files.wordpress.com/2013/03/duh-doy.gif)
I really hope this guy is wrong :/ 

I've really liked hearing all of the anti-tpp talk and mentions about the broken criminal justice system as well as the war on drugs a little bit. I really hope she proves us all wrong
At least she will never go back to supporting 10$ minimum wage or affordable state universities!
Least surprising news this year.
Breaking news, Terry McAuliffe says water is wet
Is it any surprise that Clinton is abandoning her promises immediately after winning the nomination?
I wouldn't call something we all know "breaking news"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MpLQzeCoNnA
To the surprise of exactly no one.....
CLINTON LYING?!??! WHAT!
Great, now we make steps to make sure that she doesn't if elected. We hold those accountable to what they said when running for office.

Make sure to elected Berniecrats for every level of government that you can so that the TPP doesn't have enough votes to pass and or there is enough movement to stop it.

Be apart of the solution, be apart of the political revolution. 
Clinton's 'top confidant' is releasing that Clinton is lying to a crap ton of very important people about her support for TPP? Nah, I don't think so. This smacks of trying to bring Bernie-or-busters on board with BS.
Misleading headline makes it sound like he has inside info. He's just giving his opinion.
Hi `hcainshuckyducky`. Thank you for participating in /r/SandersForPresident. However, [your submission](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4urxmc/breaking_news_terry_mcauliffe_top_clinton/) did not meet the requirements of the [community guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules) and was therefore removed for the following reason(s): 

----

* **[Altered Title](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_title_and_subject_rules.) (rule #4):** Posts that link directly to articles should contain that particular article's **exact title** (with optional direct quote following *after* the title). Submissions should never use ALL CAP titles.

 * Posts linking to images should contain titles with objective descriptions of the image. Video links should contain the full video's title and tweets should contain the full tweet in order to follow this rule. 

 * If the title provided by the article or video is very poorly formatted (e.g., Burny! or MOV647), you may come up with a title that accurately describes the piece.





----

If you have any specific questions about this removal, please [message the moderators](https://www\.reddit\.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FSandersForPresident&subject=about my removed submission&message=I'm writing to you about the following submission: https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4urxmc/breaking_news_terry_mcauliffe_top_clinton/. %0D%0DMy issue is...). Hateful or vague messages will not receive a response. **Please do not respond to this comment.**
Well I am a baby boomer and I am dying, so I hope it so delights you.  I was a life long Democrat, till yesterday.  If you think the corruption will go away, I think you are wrong, but wish you well. The Bernie and his delegates have been treated are beyond evil.
Maybe.
Yet between now and November at the local level - progressive roots, but at the presidential level why not Green?
Pressures Hillary. Green to Fifteen means the progressive agenda gets to the debate stage, if more Clinton bombshells drop and her polling is bad, then if the Dems need to turn to another - Bernie's chances will increase. 
The other presidential alternatives - Trump, Johnson, write in Bernie will not move the agenda forward between now and November. 
[deleted]
Just support progressive politicians in the Democratic party. It isn't an all or nothing situation here. It's not like the Pro-TPP politicians are going to compromise and be Anti-TPP if they see so many Bernie supporters voting for them. Kick them out! It's the only way things will change.
No.
You assume that the young progressives won't have moved to become more moderate as the years go by due to being disillusioned year after year. 
The naivety is endearing. When you get older you will realize why Hillary was the better choice. Well most if you at least.
THIS is democracy in action.  Everyone participating in the walkout - to send a strong message - deserve our admiration and respect. They were not allowed to speak but they made their actions speak louder than words.
Can I ask something? Shouldn't Sanders be leading the calls for investigations into all the info weve seen from these leaks? No one else is. I can't believe all of this comes out and besides twitter people, I don't see any politicians or media calling for accountability or answers. Wth!

Throwing DWS under the bus only to be disgustingly hired by Hillary is not accountability. I am sick to my stomach with corruption being found and nothing happening
Ex-Sanders supporters: You'd trust him with the nuclear codes, but not trust his judgment about the best path forward for the movement we built together?
If you haven't done so already, join us over at /r/Tulsi!
She is one of the true new stars of this election cycle.

She really shines for leaving the DNC instead of going along with their fraud.
Did you note the difference between Tulsi Gabbard and everything else we've seen in the last week(both conventions)? She focused on the positive and love, not fear or anger or hate. She focused on policy, not just reaction against the other side. She is a class act that is a shining example of what we should be. 
Anti-TPP, anti-corruption, anti-big-bank, pro-privacy, focus on *legal* immigration, military veteran. 

Even as a right-leaning guy, she's someone I could get behind for first female president of the US.
She should be DNC chair, if she would accept the job
So much class, so much love. Brought tears to my eyes. 
That was a hell of a speech, and a hell of a moment. The democrats have a presumptive nominee already and someone else just got thundering applause because they were nominated instead. You sure are making history, Hillary. Least liked front runner at your own convention. 
Hoping she runs for president in 2020
What does this mean? Just that people can then vote for him when they take the vote?
She could have been our Vice President. Let that sink in.
Could someone please explain this to me? She made this announcement, although she's no longer with the DNC, and headlines started popping up that Bernie has been "formally nominated for President at the convention". Now we have results saying Hillary is the official nominee? 
Gabbard 2020
Tulsi gives me hope for the future.
goosebumps
Goodbye Warren, Hello Gabbard

* **r/Tulsi**
* [Transcript of the nomination](https://www.votetulsi.com/node/26351)
Literally such a good speech.

I really hope Tulsi runs for president someday.
Gabbard 2020
Damn Tulsi's amazing, get rekt Sarah Silverman.
I was so proud of her. She is so strong and smart and you can truly believe what she says.
See you in 2020 Tulsi. Your integrity will be rewarded. 
Someone make a /r/GabbardForPresident
YESSSS!! Future POTUS!!
Beautiful speech by Tulsi. I'm with HER!
Doesn't seem like Hillary supporters are even aiming for unity. They sat down with their heads in the other directions or on their phone...

Gave me goosebumps, you can feel her sincerity and belief in Bernie and so good to see so many Bernie supporters.
Tulsi 2020.
Tulsi and Bernie make me feel proud to be an American
Hero
Tulsi. A new hope. 
I don't think I have teared up like that since E.T. The future is here.
Excellent.  
I like her
Tulsi 2020
she is 100 times more presidential than Hillary, id vote for her over anyone on GOP side except Rand Paul
hillary speaks from her controlling mind, focused on intentions and mostly money&power, putting on an act that is calculated by social standards and fake public professionalism, but Tulsi and Bernie speak more from their hearts, for nature, for people. Hillary just puts of this vibe that she knows she's all special for some reason or even holds herself above others. but people who are more in their hearts can easily tell something isn't right about this person
I hope to see Tulsi run for president in the future.
Thank you for standing up for what you believed in, for showing moral courage, when so many defected to Clinton.

If you ever choose to run, I think I speak on behalf of much of the Sanders base when I say, we will support you. 
In this election cycle lot of the pseudo Progressives were exposed. People like Elizabeth Warren. Rachel Maddow, Bill Maher who many look upon as championing the Progressive cause and issues were exposed.

But Tulsi Gabbard stood out. She took a principled stand, walked away from the DNC and joined a movement based on her principles. Gotta respect that. 
Wow. That was amazing. I really hope she runs for president someday.
Thank you Tulsi, for your honesty and refusal to participate in the corruption that is the DNC and for not supporting Hillary. 

PS. Run for president next cycle. It's worth a shot. 
Even though I'm independent, I'd vote for her.
She is an honest and thoughtful person who will actually work for the people she believes in, us.
My respect & deep thanks Tulsi!
Cuz she be having that integrity 
Bernie POTUS, Gabbard Vice=Unstoppable
Tulsi just made her debut it seems. She'll be back and bigger than ever I can feel it.
Proud to be a Democrat from Maui with a Reagan Era Republican pops. Times are a changing.
YASSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Tulsi came through!!! Now SHE and Nina Turner are women who I am here for!
Incredible speech. Lost for words honestly. Please run in 2020 tulsi!
wait... I'm really confused by this video... did hillary not just become the democratic nominee?
Can someone explain to me what exactly this means?
Over/under on HRC retaliating or subverting Gabbard due to this?
Ima be crushin so hard when she's our president
That was pretty intense.
Tulsi and Bernie be like Bruce Lee and Yip Man. Changing the game. The future may not be as dim as I previously thought :)

She is a hero, I hope she continues the political revolution in 2020 or 2024.
Tulsi exemplifies what it means to be an American. She will fan the flame of the Political Revolution for years to come.
It's a procedural vote but damn...she made that magical. Impossible to dislike this woman 
She has been an inspiration this election cycle, someone with integrity who actually sticks to their principles. I really hope she will be a more prominent progressive voice in the future.
Was it known before she began to talk that she would be nominating Bernie?
I like her, but given what I know about DNC now, she will not have a chance any time soon, whether 2020 or 2024 or 2028. I lost hope in DNC
She is truly a tulsi.
Tulsi is absolutely amazing!
What an amazing speech! 
Love ya Tulsi! x

I have a sneaking suspicion that Rep.Gabbard will not be lining up with Wall Street and the corporate/military complex in support of Clinton. Good on her.
Sensational speech. Everything starts and ends with love y'all. 
What could have been...
Gabbard for President, 2020
For some reason I feel really inspired after watching this. I wanna make a difference
Im glad someone actually has balls between bernie and tulsi. 
Aloha Tulsi,  A  Hui Hou
Tulsi 2020
I'm confused and tired, what exactly just happened?
Ah I love this woman :')
As an Australian, if she runs in 2020 and wins....I'd be jealous. Just saying.
Lessig/Gabbard was my dream ticket when this all started over a year ago. They're both relatively young and will probably show up on the democratic POTUS primary debate stage eventually.

I know it doesn't seem like it now, but if enough of us stay woke and keep pushing for it, we can use the current shitty two parties to push through real election reforms. Clinton is promicing to introduce a law aggainst dark money and a constitutional amendment in the [first 30 days in office](http://www.csmonitor.com/USA/USA-Update/2016/0717/Why-Clinton-now-promises-to-introduce-an-anti-Citizens-United-amendment). If she campaigns on this heavily and focuses on changes in the law rather than a long shot amendment, she could come into office with a strong enough mandate to actually fix some shit. Lots of things are possible, even under the current terrible Supreme Court precedent. Stuff like strong public funding options, anti-gerrymandering redistricting panels, better donor disclosure rules, and little things like making election day a national holiday to help working people get to the polls and encouraging automatic voter registration and vote by mail policies in the states. By the time my daughter is grown, I'm hoping we'll change our first-past-the-post voting rules and the crappy two party system that comes with it. 
This is the first woman nominee we should've had.
That was beautiful. What an incredible person she is! Perfect speech, perfect nomination.
If the Democratic party was so hard up to push a woman for their "historic" Presidential nomination, maybe they could have nominated Tulsi Gabbard instead. She's a Iraq war veteran that truly represents her constituents in the manner a politician should. Not only that, she stood up to the Clinton machine and even put her political career on the line by going against the grain and nominating Bernie Sanders for President at the DNC. Prior to that, she stepped down from her position at the DNC to openly support Bernie, which is something none of the other DNC representatives did. You want class and integrity in a Presidential candidate, look no further than this lady. She'll have my vote in the near future.
She has my vote in Ohio.
she is young now so she has chance as POTUS in future. Tulsi for 2024. 
Tulsi is displaying such courage and bravery. I hope she will go far kn her career to support the people
WHY SHE SO FINE THOUGH!?
Bernie with her for the fucking VP!
[deleted]
Thank you!!! 
When did this happen? I've been working all day, when is the roll call formally announced?
Does anyone have a link a video of Bernie's original speech? I'm assuming the majority of this is Tulsi repeating words Bernie said. 
Tulsi Gabbard for my bed 2016!! 
What a totally awesome, sexy, righteous, shining politician
She's got my vote for whenever she runs.
I got chills. 
If Clinton wins, Tulsi 2024. If not, Tulsi 2020. While I'd love to see her primary challenge Hillary, it's not worth damaging her career so early on.
It's 2016. There's a chance a refrigerator can become president. If one punch line can make it this far any of them can.
If she was president, she'd be Baberaham Lincoln.
Nominate him for Chairman of the DNC. 
ELI5: Was everyone expecting her to endorse HRC? 
So proud to be a native Hawaiian
i love this woman
Babe 
This is amazing!
As someone who's not from the US, does Bernie still have a chance? 
lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4urfvr/tony_brasunas_on_twitter_yes_confirmed_all_700800/
She will lead this movement into its next phase, now that we have lost Bernie we must turn to Tulsi to lead us even further in 4 more years.
Maybe she'll run for President some day.
She a babe too...
Been at work all day and missed this.  Did Bernie win??
So what did she do basically did she do kind of like Ted Crews did?
So, does her nominating Bernie Sanders for PotUS affect anything with the 2016 election?
And beautifully said.  Aloha Tulsi!
She would of creamed Trump by a landslide.
Hey I'd fuck her
Ah, so here's where all the virgins of Reddit hang out. What's it like growing up online, dweebs?
Great to see that everyone here still hasn't done their homework on Ms. Gabbard.

http://www.democraticunderground.com/10022073904

https://flashlightonroaches.wordpress.com/2015/08/25/tulsi-gabbard-secret-hater-of-gays/


[removed]
Our day searching for unity with the Bernie supporters. The people gathered with passion, and shared their keys for unity on a human to human level. Emotions boiled over after delegate roll call and continued rising into the evening. This video is a small taste of an overall project we are working on in Philadelphia. We wanted to get this video out, as we felt it was a powerful moment during our trip. Be on the lookout for more videos in the days to come.
Let's get the congressman's name.  An established government presence would be helpful in creating our new party.
There's a class action for this:  https://www.facebook.com/DNCfraudlawsuit
contact this law firm:

www.beckandlee.com
http://jampac.us/DNCLawsuit/
http://heavy.com/news/2016/07/how-to-join-dnc-class-action-lawsuit-bernie-sanders-hillary-clinton/
Thanks. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hU4I6C-9JZw
I thought the class action only covered DNC donations.
We may not agree on everything, and that's OK. I'm still with you Bernie. 
Thanks for sharing.

Notably, I never heard Hillary nor the Democratic party mentioned in this video.
Love it, shared.
:)
This isn't breaking news. He ran and was elected as an independent and has two years left in his term so will continue as an independent until he runs again as a dem. 
[deleted]
Looking forward to the DNC bloodbath in November.
Can he still even run for Green Party anymore, if say, Hillary's poll numbers continue to shrink vs Trump come late October?
Whatever Third Party Candidate is Closest to 15% 2016!

***if you happen to work at Kinkos, I'd like a quote for a yard sign***
The dems and Hillary make me sick. I'll never be with her. ImWithHurl.com
First we must defeat corruption!
hillary clinton has been a fascist before trump had grandchildren. 
Hillary is far more dangerous than the buffoon Trump: 

https://newmatilda.com/2016/03/23/john-pilger-why-hillary-clinton-is-more-dangerous-than-donald-trump/

The struggle of our time is the revolt against neoliberalism (corporate governance) and neoconservatism (perpetual war leading to WWIII).   
Tim Kaine stepped down for DWS as Chair b/c he was promised VP slot & Debbie could rig the election.
Bernie probably didn't want the VP job anyway -- I think he can accomplish just as much if not more as a progressive scion in the Senate.

The Clinton campaign does thorough focus group testing + internal polling. It's a good bet they picked Tim Caine because he helps slightly in states with large latino populations.
So, there was a deal right?

Hillary for next president, because she stood down against Obama in 2008. So, how is this deal enforced? First, the DNC needed to make sure Hillary won this year. How to do this? DWS. DWS was Hillary's campaign manager in 2008. Putting her as the head of the DNC ensured Hillary's victory. Ok. So far, so good. 

But wait, this is 2008, and there's currently a head of the DNC already! How do we get them out, and happy aboard this little corrupt plot? What if they were made Hillary's VP? Aha. Winner. None other than Tim Caine was the previous head of the DNC.

Caine as VP is Hillary repaying the favor of him stepping down from head of DNC, for DWS to take over.
Check out BernieVote.com 
Hillary wouldn't survive the inauguration with Sanders as VP. 

Just look at Philadelphia. 
He is pro TPP and anti abortion. His orange spray tan is a more natural shade then the other orange guy. He has such an annoying everything about him.

Killary does not need or want our votes she let us know that.
Good.
Yes because the most important feature of a politician is to not be boring!!
I can't blame someone for voting against Trump. That said I don't support Hillary.
I understand the Trump fear, but you can't tell people for a year not to trust the establishment, be against the establishment, and then turn around and say, oh nevermind, get behind the establishment now!

And then expect them to do exactly that just because you said so. 

Doesn't work that way.
So is Bernie not a real Bernie supporter?

I'm confused. 
yep... I've considered myself a democrat... and would have voted for Bernie... I still hope he comes back and runs as independent... 

I'm tired of the corruption, I'm tired of the elite, I'm tired of my vote not counting, super delegates are a joke and just a way to rig the system. I will be voting for Trump, not because anything hes said or done, but because i'm tired of how corrupt the democratic party is. 

http://i.imgur.com/Vg2lZTR.png 
Sure they could, but only as a tactical decision.

I'm not saying it's the right tactical decision, but disagreeing on tactics doesn't make anybody "not a real Bernie supporter".
We get it, you're the true scotsman. 
End of story indeed. 
This is simply not true. I understand where you are coming from and I won't be voting for Hillary, but there are plenty of long time Democrats who have seen progress over the past 20 years who don't want to see a Trump presidency. 
Isn't that a bit hyperbolic? I believe in every single one of his policies, and disagree with a lot of Hillary's. That said, Trump winning will actively hurt minorities that make up my community and friends and peers (LGBT folks, people of color, immigrants).

The label of being a "real" Bernie supporter is stupid. I voted for the dude, I vocally supported the dude every single day, I paid his campaign a grand, I canvassed for him. What else am I supposed to do exactly?
I was going to bite the bullet. Now its gone too far. DNC leaks. VP pick.Nina turner. being called sexist, DWS promotion. She doesnt want our votes, she doesnt care for our movement, Anyone who votes for her will just ensure we never get a Bernie sanders president. DNC will never let it happen.
They want us to choose between an oligarchy or a fascist..I will not take part in this. #Demexit
But cnn, msnbc, and democrats on Fox News say 90% of us will vote for her?
Never will vote for Clinton. Period. End of story. Jill Stein, here I (we) come!!!
It just strike me that if DNC decided that allowing Bernie to run causing so much troubles for them, would they in future just refusing a person like Bernie to run in the first place, after all, it is a private organization. 

I think we really should demand DNC answer for their actions against Bernie. The corruption can not continue, otherwise, we will never have a chance to elect a person like Bernie. There is only one policy I want more than anything else, which is getting money out of politics.
I guess Bernie Sanders isn't a Sanders supporter, because he supports and will be voting for Hillary Clinton. The fact of the matter is if you care about progressive policies having a chance, then the Democrats are the only party that have a shot of passing them. 
Not really the end of the story imo. Plenty of "real" supporters are moving to support HIllary for the most convincing reason one can: to beat Trump. I'm not on that bandwagon but the reasoning isn't unsound. 
I'm with u bud
You shouldn t make statement like this. What says that you can't support both. A tlcharged commen t like this does nobody good. What if there misinformed don't have all the facts... are you going to disenfranchise them from bernie before they can re five all the facts.
No real Bernie supporter would ever support Trump but voting green party is giving him the vote. This will be the bush, gore and ron paul election all over again .
The Democratic Party did this to itself.  I feel like such an asshole for having defended them so many times.
No true Scotsman
I'm sick of these trumps supporters pretending their bernie sanders supporters in this subreddit.
Only the once who get the long term goal of taking over the Democratic party and making America a better place...
Sure. Because doing exactly what he has asked of you clearly means you're not a fan. A true Bernie supporter gives him the finger and walks the other way.
Let's not start the no true scotsman discussions, please.
Ex-Bernie supporters: You'd trust him with the nuclear codes, but you don't trust his judgment about the best path forward for the movement?
You can't be more Bernie than Bernie himself. He's been working at this revolution for 35 years. He knows what's best for it a hell of a lot better than you do.
You claim to support Burnie. Bernie has clearly voiced his opinion and gotten behind Hillary, while asking his supporters to do the same. How does that make you a Bernie supporter? Seems like you don't respect his opinion. It is your right to not, but it makes no sense to claim you are a Bernie supporter if you don't, so your comment is suspect, to say the least. Quote: No real Bernie supporter would ever support Hillary. End of story.

Edit: grammer
The vast majority of Bernie supporters are voting for Hillary this November. 

Nice "No True Scotsman" fallacy. 
Here is a video from the DNC addressing your concerns.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ypUz1WYens
They HAVE addressed it - they claim "It didn't happen".  If they repeat it enough, maybe we'll start to believe it (or so they think).
There is a lot of reasons why I would never vote for Hillary regardless if they admitted them all or not. Fracking, endless wars, super pacs, bad trade deals, risking National Security, lying to us, just to name some of the reasons why I would never vote for her regardless of what any of them TALK about. It won't undo Hillary's ACTIONS or record although they surely should be talking about the election fraud. I won't vote for Trump, either, and I don't vote out of fear.
Not only has it not been addressed, it hasn't even been acknowledged. The convention and the media have joined forces to blackout anything that smacks of disunity. Total lack of integrity.
Your focus is incorrect. They didn't rig the election against Bernie. The rigged the election against us. There's a critical difference- one view presupposes that they merely didn't want him to be in office because of his policies and views, while the other presupposes (rightly) that they didn't want him in office because he reflects popular sentiment and democratic values.
They have responded.  The Russians are the ones to blame.  Grow up.
Went green and will still campaign for Berniecrats.

They are being sued for massive election fraud.  They don't care they want war, fracking TPP . You can support Berniecrats over at political revolution 
I went Green.
There is nothing at all progressives. So support progressives at PR.

#ReleaseTheTranscripts
[deleted]
Starts at 5:30 P.M. EST Today. This should be really interesting!
Possible? - Nina joining Green ticket
Also streaming on TYT: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yMQ5uFFZSM4
Nina Turner is on MSNBC right now!!!! She is sitting with Chuck Todd and Nathan Gonzales inside the Convention Hall.
Jane Sanders is on MSNBC right NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They're already tossing it aside like a used tissue. Every minor cut is a mortal wound, they can't or won't understand that this is the point where our beautiful Bernie view of the world collides with the sucky reality of the real world. We could have Bernie's world but people are too busy feeling bad about being treated unfairly (and rightfully, they should feel bad) to get up and go after the DNC and right that ship. They'd rather jump ship for that inflatable party over there, you know, the one floating in the middle of the ocean now for years with no hope of going forward, just in circles. 
 They are going to need a bigger boat...er, party, but that's not going to happen till they realize what they are throwing away.
If the campaign was smart (which it isn't) they''d have sent all their CtR bots to Philly with mobile devices decked out in HRC flair. Makes me wonder what countries the CtR bots are located in.
I never met or saw a Hillary supporter throughout the entire primaries. Even the occasional old person I interacted with, that is supposedly the demographic voting for her, were Bernie supporters. I'm still confused where she was getting her support from, other than big business and other shady politicians.
The police haven't taken the Bernie shirt and handed out the Hillary ones yet lol. 
I travel often nationwide & I have only seen ONE CLINTON BUMPER STICKER & ZERO YARD SIGNS.

Seen tons of Bernie & many Trump signs.

Corporate Media manufacturing fake consent before a rigged election.
I was in Philly Sunday through Tuesday.  No Hill signs or shirts or buttons however I was sure a small number of the people I was around were likely Hillary voters.  I ran into some Hill delegates, for instance.  There was the (not unexpected) enthusiasm gap of Bernie supporters compared with the Hill people there on the way to the Wells Fargo Center too.

&nbsp;

 I won't vote for Clinton and I live in a swing state. I'm libertarian left - the Dem wing of the Dem party, not the corporate wing.  It's impersonal - the corporate wing does nothing for me and I usually want to protest or give feedback on what the corporate wing is up to.  I ran into a Donald supporter at a deli in north Philly, while ordering a cheesesteak.  The Trump supporter said she was a lifelong Democrat, didn't vote in 2008/2012, and now was a Republican.  She had been impressed by the RNC in Cleveland, and was telling me I should vote for Trump because he would do better for the middle- and working- classes.  Needless to say, I was surprised by the encounter; wasn't sure afterwards this grandmother was being entirely truthful about being a lifelong Dem; was worried she didn't vote for Obama because of his race; and was impressed that she was impressed with the RNC (which I didn't watch any of.)  Oh yeah, I wanted to say something reassuring to the GOP grandma so I informed her I come from a family of lifelong Republicans (myself being the exception.)  The cheesesteak was excellent; Philly looked to be a wonderful city generally, but it has its share of ghettos (no other appropriate word) and it has too many panhandlers with obvious substance abuse problems; I wonder what will happen to our country if things get worse for the working- and middle- classes.
HRC supporters wear suites not t-shirts
I guess she forgot to pay the supporters to show up. 
I go to school in Philadelphia and I've seen anti-Trump and Hillary stickers, shirts, whatever, EVERYWHERE for the past few months. It was a happy novelty to see Bernie support stuff around the city. I've seen so many Hillary related things that I honestly have no doubt this city will overwhelmingly go to Hillary when the election rolls around. 

That's not even including how huge the Hillary support is at my school (UPenn). Our student newspaper (the DP), claims that the student Hillary organization is the "second-largest Ready for Hillary college group in America."

They also did a feature on donations from students, faculty, and professors during the primary. It was found that, all combined, they reached $58,444 in donations from 127 people.
http://www.thedp.com/article/2016/02/2016-election-contributions-students-faculty-staff

And, on a personal level, I've seen her promotional stuff all over campus and have had three very loud Hillary supporters in my classes last semester. So yeah, her support is really "felt" here.
I live in Philly, and I've been seeing them all week.
This is the Bernie we love.
Classic Bern.
No shit, why you guys believe he hates you so much?
I wish Bernie would say something about the mistreatment, it's unfair to those that fought so hard for him to continually be treated this way by the DNC and Hillary especially in light of the DNC leaks.
Working in television production and marketing I can tell you the entire 4-day program has been in the works for a LONG time. They had numerous produced videos from people trying to humanize Hillary bc she is incapable of doing so herself - these things don't just happen overnight. My guess is as soon as DWS was named chair of DNC (via ahem, Tim Kaine) her coronation began through relationships with MSM (CNN and NPR in particular). Once the damage was done, Hillary stood by her word of getting DWS a job (assuming also a cabinet seat) and electing Kaine as VP. This entire convention was nothing but a ceremonial coronation put on by the DNC and big marketing ploy to try and persuade people to vote for the Queen using fear of Trump and videos of Hillary the Big Business War Hawk acting like she cares so much about people. They want to control the public image of the convention to make sure everything looked good for the cameras, but we all know in reality that is a far cry from what was going on. 
holy shit someone post what actually happened already please
Nina Turner deserves so much better. I hope Berners are showing her love and tacit support.
When is that happening? 
What has broken my morale more than anything done by the DNC or Hillary has been the constant onslaught of people on reddit trying to silence and mock our disgust with this election.

The social media campaign has been extremely effective and we should all be pissed about it ... but so many of us fell off the boat because we were called stupid so many times on the website that we come to for discussion.

It worked on me, it worked on thousands of others. The campaign to squash a movement against money in politics was squashed by millions of dollars controlling main stream media, social media, and the electoral process itself. We have been beaten brutally and unforgivably. 

Sanders is absolutely right, I didn't want to accept it at first, but the only way to fix this is from the bottom up not from the top down. /r/Political_Revolution sounds like the right move for all of us right now. Absolutely vote for whoever you think is best for President, but after the dust of this election settles, we really need to push these shit heads out of the political system.
Note: I deliberately left out who may be doing this manipulation because 

1. I don't know. 

2. More than one person (or group of people) stand to gain.

3. I'm not trying to be manipulative myself.

I'm just saying...think about it. Don't let someone push you in the direction they want you to go. That's all.
Agreed, let's not be naive.
[deleted]
DNC "democracy" at its finest.
FOX panned the stadium while Bill Clinton went on stage. Did they just fill in their seats with supporters or did the delegates come back?
It's embarrassing for Bernie to be bending over backwards for Clinton while the people who supported him are being treated so poorly.
Apparently this is the email http://i.imgur.com/4zAzw8f.jpg That's Field Director for Bernie 2016.
[deleted]
More damning evidence https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CoVDeSrUsAA6tSE.jpg
If it wasn't for Bernie, this would just be some stuck up rich lady throwing herself a party.
[deleted]
This needs to be upvoted. Hillary wants silence when she speaks and no one is allowed to have an opposing view.
Why is it when Trump is nominated it's proto-fascism but when Hillary squanders free speech it's not?
This must be some kind of sick joke, right? Is it really this blatant now?
DNC= Deceptive Networking Comittee
Alert, correct the record is out in full force
A minimum of 800 lost votes right there. 
One Hillary politician said that 90% of Bernie supporters are now behind Hillary... I think they might be just a taaaaad bit off xD
Can't wait to vote for Jill Stein.
I'm confused, why don't we just pretend that hillary doesn't exist and Bernie got the nomination like they are doing to us?
How the fuck could any Sanders supporter vote for this?   
Serious? Fing stupid move if true.  
Can someone verify?
Isn't this anti-democratic? I suggest we send HRC and friends to remedial democracy school.
Banned from an "open" convention, for supporting one of the big 3 candidates... If this isn't worth getting mad about I don't know what is... 
ffs there's no limit to the shameful powergrab
DNC: Dictatorship Now Clinched
Can someone besides a random Twitter user confirm this? Even breitbart or fox?
Well then you do what peasants have always done, you bash down the doors.
Sounds like the DNC was where the Democratic Party went to die.  Time for a new party, a real Progressive Party.
[deleted]
Fuck this. If Hillary loses, it's not the fault of Bernie voters that don't vote for her; rather, it's her fault for being a turd candidate that is corrupt and is prone to cronyism. If you don't think that Hillary will uphold the ideals of Bernie's revolution, don't vote for her. Your vote is an endorsement not only of policy but also of character. While policy is important, so to are ethics, morality, and integrity. Your vote for president is beholden only to the candidate that you deem worthy.
[removed]
Wonder why it was so much more quiet. 
Long live Panem
A tweet is not a reliable source. It would help give you some perspective if you stepped out of the echo chamber for a bit. 
Bernie's betrayal has damaged the progressive movement for generations. It just allowed the DNC to identity actual progressives and blacklist them.
It took them 1 day to start the purging of Bernie supporters.
Dude I went to r/sashagrey when I was searching for r/s4p.
Two levels:

1. It's the Clinton convention, so if they want to put out a phony image of unity, they are within their rights.

2. I think it's a sign of bad leadership and bad judgment that they haven't made a stronger effort to acknowledge and to build a coalition that includes Sanders supporters.   
It must be true, it was on Twitter!
Maybe because the Sanders people have gone insane. It's like a parent giving their child a time out. They've been acting like childish brats
Really ? But the sanders supporters are so civil? 
Would you rather see Sasha grey take it up the ass daily or vote for Bernie? 
I do not understand your position here. Yesterday there was a walkout. People are saying over and over how they won't support the nominee, they are going to leave the party. OK, if that is your position why should the Sanders folk be let in to do this again? You seem to want it both ways, you seem to think that the DNC should we working hard to give Sanders holdout a platform to complain about the nominee. 
[deleted]
[removed]
Like it matters anymore...
This can't be true or the news media would be covering it.
All women are with her ...  oh wait ...
[deleted]
Yeah I think I remember he mentioned wanting the HELP committee before in an interview.  I hope he negotiated that in while doing the platform negotiations.  
IF the Dems take back the Senate. 
So that's what he got in exchange for not being mad about the DNC shenanigans.  
Great - so he was bribed, and he took it.  Color me excited.  
As a veteran, I am deeply saddened.  My sacrifices, the sacrifices of those who came before me, and those currently sacrificing for our democracy should not be in vain.  Please stand for democracy.  Please.
Agreed. So many speeches at the convention were along the "America is already great!" lines while the seat-fillers were chanting "USA! USA!" like it's a basketball game. 

It's dystopian. 
The problem is that Americans are pissed and protesting and doing whatever we can. But 80% of the media and tv stations are owned by companies that bought Hillary. They donated millions to her campaign. They won't show the protests against her. They will only show happy shiny Hillary news. 
That's why they place the HRC supporters up front with the media and placed the Bernie supporters all the way in the back. Quickly swapping out empty seats when the walkout happened. Not in the frame and no distribution to the "live coverage".
There were so many empty seats, the media is trying to hide it but they can't. 
Who gives a shit? 
[deleted]
This is fear mongering by the DNC.  Here is a great [calculator from Slate](http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/jurisprudence/2016/02/the_odds_of_another_supreme_court_justice_dying.html) that is based on epidemiological data about the average age of death by race and sex.  Let's look at the FACTS:

The average life expectancy for a white female in the District of Columbia is 86.65 years. Ginsberg is 83. She's got 3 years left before she hits "Average." Is it possible she'll die? Sure. It's quite possible she won't. This Slate Calculator puts the odds of her dying at 35%, which, as a physician, I would agree with. 

Incidentally, the Slate Calculator gives the odds of any CONSERVATIVE justice dying as 54.26%, approximately equal to the odds of any Liberal justice dying (56.76%). 

Let's look at just the liberal justices:

Ginsberg: 36.08% chance of death

Breyer: 27.81% chance of death

Kagan: 2.77% chance of death

Sotomeyer: 3.75% chance of death.


So there's a ~1/3 chance that Ginsberg could die and a ~1:4 chance Breyer could die. There's almost no chance of the other two liberal justices dying. 

Conservatives:

Kennedy: 32.81%

Roberts: 6.67%

Thomas: 16.81%

Alito: 10.58%

There's a greater chance that we could lose 3 conservative judges (1.05%) than 3 liberal judges (0.76%). 

As you can see, the odds, based on average population statistics are quite low. It's likely the justices, being far above average income will significantly exceed the averages. Also, the average for Washington DC is significantly higher than the US average, and I'd except the justices to exceed even that, barring known health issues. And the conservative court we've had has refused to overturn Roe v Wade so far, so what makes you think that a +1 would change that? Regardless, it's not enough to make me vote for an immoral, corrupt, war hawk that will continue to sell the American people to the highest bidder. 
[deleted]
Stein will elect someone acceptable as well.
You don't vote for judges (generally).  They're usually appointed.  In the case of the supreme court, they are nominated by the President and then confirmed by congress.

That said, I've been trying to understand lately how far people will go via the "lesser of two evils" argument.  For example, this primary season, despite a historical record that indicated otherwise, Hillary tried to defend her support of DOMA based on the argument that if they hadn't done it, Republicans would have done something worse.

Similarly, her willingness to compromise on a constitutional amendment restricting abortion with exceptions for health and rape is, at least by her, argued to be a case where if it's not done, Republicans will do something far worse.

Arguments for war are similar... we had to depose that dictator and kill all the rebeling citizenry, had we not, things would be a lo worse..

The list goes on.

To be clear, can you just list the number an depth of atrocities, violation of civil/human rights, etc, that you will support based on this type of argument?
Jill would make great Supreme Court picks & theres still enough time to pull off one of the major upsets in American political history, please reconsider 
Seeing as I'm a supporter of the 2nd amendment, I'll do the same. There is no way in HELL I will ever vote for Hillary. 
I wish this was something to get excited about right now, but the headline is misleading. I hope it actually turns into something, but a referral to the group means next to nothing, esp in the short term. IF something comes out of it, it will not be until well into the next Presidential term.
A day late and a dollar short
Lets see who the head of the IRS is currently. 

Oh look, its going to be another DEMOCRATS "LOSING" EMAILS AGAIN EPISODE.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Koskinen

>In June 2014, Koskinen informed Congress that 30,000 emails from the account of a central figure in the scandal, Lois Lerner, had been lost. It later came to light that Koskinen had known about the lost emails in April and had waited until the information was disclosed in a court case to notify Congress. Koskinen stated: "We confirmed that backup tapes from 2011 no longer existed because they have been recycled, pursuant to the IRS normal policy." In September 2014, the Treasury Department Inspector General reported that it had found 760 tapes from which it later recovered Lerner's emails.[9]

>Those sponsoring the impeachment resolution to remove Koskinen from office accused him of failing to prevent the destruction of evidence in allowing the erasure of back-up tapes containing thousands of e-mails written by Lois Lerner, and of making false statements under oath to Congress.[10][11] In a statement released by the Committee, Chaffetz said Koskinen "failed to comply with a congressionally issued subpoena, documents were destroyed on his watch, and the public was consistently misled. Impeachment is the appropriate tool to restore public confidence in the IRS and to protect the institutional interests of Congress."

THE FUCKING HEAD OF THE FUCKING IRS INVESTIGATING THE CLINTONS WHO ARE UNDERFIRE FOR DELETING EMAILS IS UNDER FIRE HIMSELF FOR MOTHER FUCKING DELETING EMAILS

JUST
No they didn't, read the article. The acknowledged a request from 64 House Republicans to investigate. The headline is complete nonsense, the author apparently doesn't understand what they're reporting, or they're hoping their readers don't.
Please guys, if we are truly the more aware group in the political process then please stop upvoting shit without reading it. All this says it's that the Republicans requested an audit and that the IRS received the request. They haven't even started considering the possibility of an investigation at this point.
The IRS is not investigating. This article was just removed from /r/politics for false information.
And this too will get away
>IRS Commissioner John Koskinen referred congressional charges of corrupt Clinton Foundation pay-to-play activities to his tax agencys exempt operations office for investigation, The Daily Caller News Foundation has learned.  

The Clintons will fall for public corruption or tax crimes, like Capone did. Everybody thought he was untouchable despite his numerous criminal actions, but in the end, he went down. It will be the same for the Clintons. It's not "if", it's only "when".
Nothing will happen. Nothing ever happens.
Is this being reported by anyone reputable?
Al Capone. That's how they got him. What about all the inverse tax laws where American Companies open up a little office in Ireland and do not pay taxes to the U.S.
Being baited by the republican hate machine. The daily caller, really?
Who cares... Have we not all learned by now who ISN'T and who IS above the law?
Comey did not indict her because he sits on the board of directors of the bank that gave millions to the foundation.
Oh. Another day, another investigation. Yay.
Let's hope the IRS gets 'em before she's sworn in. 
A vote for Hillary and the DNC is a vote for rigged elections. Case closed.
[deleted]
/r/StillSandersForPres
Personally, I think they deliberately frustrated and disrespected the Sanders coalition on purpose so that they WOULD leave.  They wanted complete obeisance to "Dear Leader" so the love fest after her "nomination" would proceed uninterrupted by any dissent.  Well, they could have been nice and respectful to the Sanders people instead, maybe "inclusive", and it might have helped a little toward some sense of "unity".  Instead, the result is complete and abject hatred toward the Democratic party on the part of many Sanders supporters to the point that they will leave en masse.  

The fact is the establishment doesn't want any "new blood" that will refuse a transfusion from them.  And so the Democrats will not reform themselves.  The nation needs a new third party direction.  I sincerely hope the movement will now direct itself toward that goal, and toward real change.  One thing Bernie did is get a lot of people to realize the system IS really rigged and that they are not alone in feeling that way.  This campaign has helped them to learn about how to organize and to fight back, and to realize the people do have power once they effectively learn how to use it in a strategic way that will allow them to win. 

And as a postscript, I am waiting for Wikileaks to drop the other shoe.  Hillary needs to be exposed for what she truly is -- not this "perfect humanitarian" they are currently trying to depict her as on this infomercial.  And that does not mean I favor Trump.  I hate them both and what they stand for.  I will be voting for Jill.
Did they just shut down all live streaming in Philly? 

All my youtube live & periscopes went down & others are reporting the same thing.
[deleted]
.#DemWalkOut was removed from Facebook top trending...
NOW we are talking.  Yay delegates!
Good job delegates!!!
This was stupid. 

They would have had much more of a voice by staying in the room and making their voice heard. Now the MSM can pretend nothing of significance happened, whereas they would have had to report on it if Bill Clinton's speech had been interrupted by chants. 

Never give up the microphone. Stupid mistake. 
"Dozens"
looks like more than dozens walked out...
[deleted]
I'm sure the Democratic Party will be fine. 
This convention was the first time I felt embarrassed to be a Bernie supporter. Those were delegates I helped elect. I'm definitely paying more attention to the delegate nomination process next time.
HRC is a turd who needs to be flushed
Clean up his page. While his bio is extensive and admirable, I don't think most people who visit will want to scroll through all of that hoping to find out what he actually plans to fight for. I'd put his plan at the top (or just below a few bullet pointed highlights of his career). Take a page from Bernie and lead with the issues. My .02

That said, he looks like a good dude and an unquestionably seasoned leader. Tell him thanks for his service. 
Drop by and like the [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/electfletch) page also. Your support goes a long way.
post this on political revolution
I'm sure he's a great guy, but his public blog is a fucking trainwreck.
Definitely #DemExit, UNLESS you are in a state with closed primaries that hasn't held its election for a Berniecrat yet, like Florida. Remember everyone, we need to help progressive candidates like Tim Canova and Alan Grayson win their primaries.
Well, currently the Bernie delegates are doing it literally:

https://www.periscope.tv/w/1rmGPDREeVLGN
It was a pleasure trying to save that party with you guys, peace out on to sweet sweet unaffiliated.
it's after 5 here, so first thing tomorrow morning i'm heading into town to dump the dems.

i see greener pastures in my future.
Done.  I am officially no longer affiliated with that mess, after about 20 years...  
#Demexit

will count more than your actual vote

sadly (and ironically)

edit: stay positive, 

the revolution is now in your hands
Just switched back to No Party Preference in Arizona and I feel a whole lot better already. 

Farewell, Democrats! You (barely) tried!

ARIZONANS: www.servicearizona.com for quick, painless, online registration changing.
So, is there an official day that everyone is doing it? Some people are saying Thursday. I'm more than willing to change my affiliation and would love to do it as part of a sign of solidarity. 
[deleted]
Well it's official. I didn't even make it through my first election and I have to switch parties. So long and thanks for all the fishy practices and scandals.
Grew up in the party. Registered for 12 years. 

#I'm out.  

Peace. 
[removed]
Just went Green in Nevada. Good luck in November!
This is the only option we have left to show our distaste I guess.
The twiiter live for #demexit is moving quickly, looks like a lot of people joining in.  
[removed]
Long time Democrat no more. I unregistered as soon as they named Hillary the official nominee. I'll be voting Green this fall.
Please DO NOT switch your party UNTIL AFTER your state's **primary**. We need to make sure we vote as many progressives into office as possible at the general election. Click [here](http://berniedirectory.com/demexit/) to find out when your state's primary is, and only switch to "no party preference" or whichever party best represents you AFTER you have voted. 
Can anyone help me switch in Texas? I researched for a half hour last night and saw something about not being able to vote in the general if you switch from the party you voted in the primary, but I can't figure out how to switch at all. I'm willing to give up my vote for Jill Stein to leave the party. 
Been out since the endorsment of Hillary. 
Voting Green after two years a Democrat, very excited !!!
Switched from unaffiliated to democrat to support Bernie, I'm out now. Back to unaffiliated for me. 
To boot, I wont vote for any Dem that I dont know to be a true progressive. Rep. Niki Tsongas of MA lost my vote when she cast her super delegate vote for Clinton. 
registered democrat 18 years ago.  Peace out dems!
Serious question: I live in MI and remember picking a party when registering to vote. I cannot find any information anywhere on how to change that. Anyone have a clue?
Back to Working Families Party. It feels good to be affiliated with integrity again!
If you are in Oregon you can change your party [online](https://secure.sos.state.or.us/orestar/vr/showVoterSearch.do?lang=eng&source=SOS).
Be very careful to make sure that you don't demexit before you're able to vote in your state's primary elections. There are plenty of progressive Berniecrats that are running as (D)'s that desperately need your support. 

Be a part of the rolling wave of demexiting, instead. Vote in your primary, first, and then kick the party to the curb in time to vote (I) (or whatever) come November. 
Brought into politics to participate in a movement, and will continue...for many years to come. #DemExit #DNCinPhilly
Good Job. This is the first statement you can make to the DNC. Please unregister even if you plan to vote for Hillary.
FUCK the DNC coming straight from the grass roots!
Democrat since I turned 18, 20 years ago.  I'm out.
Mailing out my change, is the 29th still #demexit day, or are we starting sooner due to the shitshow that was the convention?
I left last night. I wonder if we'll ever know how many registered dems left.
There is only one way to fight the oligarchy.
AND SO IT BEGINS
https://ballotpedia.org/Main_Page. This website is like Wikipedia for All This Political. It contains a wealth of information. Easily searchable. I'm sure that you can find most of your questions answered.
Awesome, I switched to No Party preference in Massachusetts, hopefully alot more people switch, We have to send the DNC a message 
No Party Preference. 
Registered and voted Democratic: 1992, 1996, 2000, 2004, 2008, 2012.  (And many of the congressional years, just don't remember which)

Unaffiliated as of an hour ago.


Election Justice USA released an almost 100 page report on the Democratic Election, we need to be looking into this and discussing it extensively! [Democracy Lost: A Report on the Fatally Flawed 2016 Democratic Primaries](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B5O9I4XJdSISNzJyaWIxaWpZWnM/view)


#The following is from the last page of the entire report:


#A. CONCLUSIONS

We have aimed to provide an overview of the evidence for various types of fraud and targeted voter suppression impacting the outcomes of the 2016 Democratic presidential primaries. After covering the legal background and the history of Election Justice USAs legal actions, our best efforts to combat election fraud and voter suppression, we gave a thorough treatment of:

1) Targeted voter suppression

2) Registration tampering

3) Illegal voter purges

4) Exit polling discrepancies

5) Evidence for voting machine tampering

6) The security (or lack thereof) of various voting machine types

Finally, we gave a date-by-date, state-by-state overview of each of these fraud or suppression types at work throughout the course of the 2016 Democratic presidential primaries. **Based on this work, Election Justice USA has established an upper estimate of 184 pledged delegates
lost by Senator Bernie Sanders as a consequence of specific irregularities and instances of fraud. Adding these delegates to Senator Sanders pledged delegate total and subtracting the same number from Hillary Clintons total *would more than erase* the 359 pledged delegate gap between the two candidates.** EJUSA established the upper estimate through exit polling data, statistical analysis by precinct size, and attention to the details of Democratic proportional awarding of national delegates. Even small changes in vote shares in critical states like Massachusetts and New York could have substantially changed the media narrative surrounding the primaries in ways that would likely have had far reaching consequences for Senator Sanders campaign.


#B. RECOMMENDATIONS

We conclude by calling for decertification of the 2016 Democratic primary results in every state in which we have established a reasonable doubt as to the accuracy of the vote tally. Finally, we wish to bring the readers attention to three simple reforms that would eliminate the mere possibility of the vast majority of fraud types demonstrated or evidenced in this report:

1) Exclusive use of hand-counted paper ballots in all future US elections.

2) Automatic voter registration, with same-day party affiliation switching as a mandatory

condition for all elections that are publicly funded.

3) Restoration of voting rights legislation which would ensure adequate access to polling sites.

Election Justice USA maintains that these recommendations for future elections, contrary to common claims, save taxpayer money. While beyond the scope of the present report, we aim to present a convincing case for this as part of subsequent publications.
#DemExit FB and tweet it now. Let's get it trended, let the DNC know of the consequences of their corruption!
I just officially left the Democrat party today. I've been a Democrat for 21 years, but I can no long support such a corrupt party. I have donated hundreds over the years, but they will no longer receive another cent until Bernie's political revolution takes over.
Don't _just_ change your affiliation.  Money talks. If we want their attention we need to money-bomb.

Want to make a statement? Make a $27 donation to the third party of your choice *today*. Do it at a volume they'll notice.

 * [Jill Stein (Green Party)](https://jillstein.nationbuilder.com/donate)
 * [Gary Johnson (Libertarian Party)](https://www.johnsonweld.com/donate)
 * [or many others](http://www.politics1.com/p2016.htm)


Is there any reason why I would want to remain a Democrat in Maine for this November's election?  I'm not aware of any party specific ballots, but figured I'd ask in case anyone is aware of a reason not to.
I'm with the protesters outside the convention. The consensus is DemExit. You do not unite the party by moving to the right to court Republicans. We will build on the movement with the Green Party and Jill Stein. The Libertarian Party is tearing down the Republican Party and within striking distance of 15%. The Left must prove we are . A real democracy is possible.
Bernie we love you and its not your fault that we cant vote for a corrupt criminal lying warhawk. Thanks for creating the movement. Im going to support and vote for the other woman who doesnt take money from corporations. Good Bye.
Lets get out here.
Just switch to Unaffiliated too.
I'm out too.  I will not be responsible for a Trump *or* Clinton presidency.  Neither is a greater good,  and I'll have no part in it.
I switched to unaffiliated as well.  I wonder how many people will actually go through with this. 
Is there an online that counter that records the number of people switching?
There is no registration in washington state. Is there something else I can do to stick it to them or do I just slip away quietly? Should I write a letter or something?
Wife and I are moving to independent this week. Can't wait to drop this party after this year of horseshit.
done. thanks for the extra motivation mods.
only registered dem to vote for Bernie. 
Now, a demexiter green angel! 


I plan on sticking around and shitting up their primaries. But I get it. #DemExit has a nice ring to it!
Too bad I can't unregister in Ohio. :(
Just left
Changed to No Party Preference today. Felt good. 
Done. Officially registered with the Green Party once again. Never again will I become a Democrat. Not even to vote in primaries (they are rigged anyway). 
Just changed to Green party

#DemExit
Thanks for the reminder, doing it now.

Edit: -2, my wife and I are unaffiliated now
I thought demexit was happening this Thursday though.
Just switched to "not registered with a party" in Oregon. Can't wait to see a report about the number of people switching. Thanks for the ride while it lasted, friends.
Changed to no party affiliation earlier today.
If you switched or declared for the first time your party affiliation to Democrat and you switch back/out now, you are still on all of Hilary's mailing lists and will continue to get knocks on the door for all democrat canvasing efforts. just an FYI to set the expectation that if you .#demexit you're not exactly free from the system. 
Submit to your establishment overlords! 
Officially unaffiliated as of now. I don't know how I'll vote, at the moment I don't even care
I went green the day after my state's last primary, and I'm never looking back.
Saw it coming after the first few questionable primaries. I jumped ship just after the NC primary. I'm sailing unaffiliated as well.
For better or worse I sent the DNC a little note today and said for people like me they miscalculated. I'm changing party affiliations tomorrow and no not to the GOP. 

There's nothing like finding out that it all really is rigged. I'm not convinced our votes matter any more in any election. 
Haha Bernie broke their illusion too hard. 
I'm really interested to see official numbers in the coming days and weeks. This is a story that MSM will eat up, no matter how tainted HRC / DNC may have made them. They can't risk propagandizing voter numbers and risk the election, they'll have to cover this  both for the election, but also because it'll be fucking chum in the water for them for the next 3 months.

For now, regardless of my GE vote in November, I'm helping send the message: #Demexit. I implore everyone to do the same. It's quick and easy, and doesn't really change your ability to do anything in particular other than sleep better at night, and cut down on spam in the mail.
Lifelong Democratic Party member, just changed my voter registration. Screw you DNC.
I did the "Demexit" back before my state primary.... Well, they actually did it for me, but I'm okay with it now. I guess that makes me an involuntary political hipster. 
#DemExit
#DONE

Fuck the corruption and cronyism. 
Anyone know how to leave in Washington?
How do I do this in Texas?
Anyone know how to switch party in Florida? Honestly though, should I stay until after canova wins? Or exit now?
I'd love to, but in Oklahoma I just found out:
  
  
> You may change your registration at any time with one exception. You may not change your political affiliation during the period from April 1 through August 31, inclusive, in any even-numbered year.
  
  
Leave it to Oklahoma...
  
  
So we can't even exit the democratic party until August 1 - but we will then!
Apparently Texas doesn't have a party affliation in the registration.  Guess I will just have to have myvoice heard at the ballot box.
Your post just reminded me I had the tabs open on my browser to do it today!  Done and done.
I'm failing. I'm from Wisconsin and I can't figure out if/how to switch online. I feel dumb but https://myvote.wi.gov/en-us/ doesn't seem to have a way to change. I get the dem survey's in the mail and I've always voted Dem (until now). Would anyone know more?
I have to ask genuinely. How do I even leave? I googled it and I'm not finding any resources.
Exited just now.  I really hope that some of this gets publicity.  I want the Dems to know I'm leaving because they clearly have very little respect for their constituents.
I'm in a red state so doesn't matter. Voting for Johnson because why not. 
I wish I could #DemExit but there is no party registration in Indiana. Anything I can do?
Wish I could do the same, no party affiliations here.
Do I need to change parties to vote 3rd party in Illinois?  I don't remember picking any parties on my registration for the primaries but I do know I could ask for a Republican or Dem ballot on the spot.  I asked for Dem so I could vote Sanders.  I looked on Google but I am not sure if what I see in correct...

I want to vote 3rd party in November.
Two questions:

Is there a coordinated date when people are planning on doing this en masse?

And in Virginia we don't actually register with parties.  I took myself off the DNC's email list at the end of last year because I couldn't stand the corruption any more.  Is there anyone familiar with how things work in VA who knows if there is anything else I can do to 'leave' the Dems?
For North Carolina, here are the hoops we get to jump through:

http://www.ncsbe.gov/Voter-Information/VR-Form

Not complicated, our state just doesn't understand what this whole internet craze is about.
Has anyone created a counter to combine the numbers on all of the counties' voter registration numbers to keep track of how many people have #demexit -ed so far? It feels like something a berner would make.
I did it last night after 11 years as a member. 
Really wish I could join the DemExit, but my state doesn't have party affiliated registration
https://twitter.com/drjillstein/status/758079170400223233
I hope the greens you guys are so excited about aren't like the european Green Parties, those are atrocious.
Done
Does anyone know how I leave the party from Europe? Can I do it somewhere online?
New Yorker here. Just dropped the Democrats for NPP.

Reporting that the air smells cleaner, and everything is indeed more colorful.
Registered Green 1 month ago! Bye Bye DNC, you can keep your queen!

Husband and I both left. #demexit
Bai bai Democratic Party. Mailing my change of party form tomorrow morning.
# #Demexit Themesong:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=duPkzPwUlX4
The Democratic party is now officially the third party.
I think 4Million Bernie supporters backing JillStein in the presidential debates is a fabulous idea - even if its a lever to get Hillary/DNC to move left.  Also it will hilite how insane Trumps policy positions are.
I saw a post about switching affiliations a couple days ago but I can't find it. Can somebody post that again? Like a guide on how to switch for all applicable states?
I'm in FL and I'm switching tomorrow 
cya
at times like these it feels good to be Canadian... jk my country's fucked too
How do I switch in Michigan?
I'm not too sure on AZ voting laws, so I am waiting till after I cast my ballot to jump this horrible ship. I'm voting Green for President, but there are some good Dems at the state level I want to make sure I can vote for.
Registered working families.

I'll vote for the most progressive candidate for each office, that means Dems to Congress and Greens to the White House. 
Libertarian party is best party.
Me and the wife just #DemExited
I just switched to Green, and it feels great! 
So, you were a Democrat for only slightly less time than Sanders?
Check out Gary Johnson! He's the real deal. https://www.johnsonweld.com/issues
As a Bernie supporter even before he decided to run for president, and someone who switched from a registered Republican to a registered Democrat, I would like to thank each of you who are deciding to throw your vote away for bringing us 1 step closer to The Purge.
Back to Libertarian for me.
Anyone check out Gary Johnson?

https://www.johnsonweld.com/issues

The easiest way to move the Democratic party leftward is for a bunch of left thinking people to join the Democratic party. Don't jump shift in the expectation that the Democratic party will move itself in order to win you back.
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson appreciate you throwing away your votes in their direction. Donald Trump tweets his appreciation as well.
If your takeaway from this campaign is that change within the Democratic party isn't possible, you're sticking your head in the sand
[removed]
Fuck that, I'm staying the course.  The system has been there for two hundred years, we can play with it or we can try and break it like several groups have before, and fail.  Voting Hillary, because I'll take a candidate friendly to my believes over one who's VP thinks gays are god's mistake.
You cant change the party from the outside and you cant blackmail the DNC and expect it to go well
Haha stay mad you lunatics
lol at the DWS one
The Chair one is downright brilliant. 
You should have worn a $12,000 pantsuit. It's that kind of party.
LOL
In all the heartbreak today, these signs are giving me a good laugh, especially the DWS one. 
Needs more booze!
Epic pic!
We love you!
I tried to watch online, the speeches were such cringey propaganda. What else was there to do, but walk out.
Both those signs are A+. Well done, those two.
Lol, thats pretty funny.
I'm trying to join this suit and can't get a response back.
Whats going on?
#CUT THE CNN MIC
I registered dozens of my friends and family to vote. I worked two extra jobs and made the sacrifice to donate whatever extra money I could to the campaign. I canvassed, phonebanked, and proudly voted for Bernie Sanders in the primary here in Arizona. Just like a lot of others on this message board did in their states.

There was a time after the last state voted where I very deeply considered unity. I thought about it a great while. Bernie Sanders spoke, and I listened to what he had to say. I was prepared to hold my nose and check the box for Clinton, as I have no desire to see Trump in the White House.

But after the revelation of DNC collusion through WikiLeaks, the continuing condescension towards Sanders delegates for their completely justified anger towards the DNC due to said leaks, and the ever-increasing feeling that the Democrats never actually gave a shit about us or our movement, there is absolutely no way I will support such a corrupt and morally destitute organization. And then for Hillary to promote DWS who was forced to resign after being caught influencing and slanting the race?!? I can't even believe I spent a year of my life on such horseshit. I've switched back my registration to Independent following the roll call vote. I'm out.

#Demexit

will count more than your actual vote

the revolution is now in your hands
red state here, going green too. see you on the other side.
Fuck this party, lost me and my family forever, for accepting this level of corruption, voted all Democrat last two elections, never again.
Florida voter here. I believe we should make sure to vote in the progressive candidates we want before leaving the Democratic party (if in a closed primary). For the other Florida voters, let's make sure we vote Tim Canova in to prevent DWS from corrupting our democracy a 2nd time (August 30th).
I've been a democrat my entire life. Today, I no longer am.
I'm Joining the DemExit. I will not vote for Hillary Clinton. No longer can I support this Corrupt and Rigged party. 
Democrat for 18 voting years, grew up in a family of democrats.  Yesterday i switched to Independent.  I will not condone an attack on our electoral process and democracy by any party. 
I just officially left the Democrat party today. I've been a Democrat for 21 years, but I can no long support such a corrupt party. I have donated hundreds over the years, but they will no longer receive another cent until the political revolution takes over.

#demexit
For the people who say the Green Party is wacko etc...I'm sure Jill Stein will be much more happy to listen to the People's wishes and willing to make changes. I'm voting for her.
Became unaffilated as soon as Bernie's proposition passed. Would have waited until Thursday otherwise. The last couple days have been poison to my generation, we're in trouble. 
If you live in a solid blue state like CA,  please consider voting third party. Hillary will win CA, so you will not get a guilt trip from her fans, and you can feel good about not having to vote for the lesser of two evils...I'm voting for Jill Stein, who's goals align with Bernie's.  If she gets 5% of the vote, that will shake things up.
> If it's close here in CT, I will have to vote for Clinton

No, actually, you don't....
here's my DemExit letter - wrote it to all my NY reps and the DNC:
Dear

Im a 50 year old life-long registered Democrat and I have voted in every election from local to national since I was 18 years old.

Ive just sent in the paperwork to the Board of Elections to change my party affiliation from Democrat to Green.

I could give lots of reasons why but I suspect youre not all that interested.  The Democratic Party (and the Republican Party for that matter) has made it repeatedly clear that corporate interests, wealthy donors and beltway power politics have much more influence on policy than their constituents do.  That is obvious.

I cannot in good faith be associated with your party anymore.

Sincerely,

They should be required to change the party name. Maybe after the next leak. 
This is it fellas, we gotta bring back the Bull Moose Party!
don't go independent, pick a third party and give the main party pressure.  
Yepp never voting democrat again fuck this country 
#NotMyParty #DoneWithDNC
Just going to throw this out there... you said
>If it's close here in CT, I will have to vote for Clinton

they don't care about your views unless you use your vote as a weapon against them. Trump will be stopped left and right by the checks and balances of our nation. HRC can bypass those, she has spent years doing so already. Who is the bigger threat? A psycho that can be told no, or someone who will subvert the no?
A lot of people may be saying this to you, but don't sit out entirely.

This is going to be a historic election for the Green and Libertarian parties. I'm a little excited for this cycle because I really am starting to feel like the Libertarian party may take enough votes to secure Federal funding (12%? can't remember). Either way that'd be a huge first step towards becoming a 'real' third party, or in other words, have a real shot at putting some senators and congress members, as well as taking a bite at the big game.

EDIT: And I say this as someone who hates Libertarians, I just really want us to have a wider spectrum of choice when we get to the election booths. Nowadays life's far too complex for an either or choice. We should have 6 or 7 real contenders each election representing a wide array of views.
Im done
Yup. #neverdem
Welp this was my first and last time voting for a president at least for a while. It was good guys! We all worked as hard as we could and no one can deny that!
I'll still be voting for Senator Sanders. Fuck the DNC
Same here. Peace out, Democratic Party! **#Demexit**

http://imgur.com/feYmh5n
I just left it today after 6 years #demexit
I am conflicted between leaving now or doing the florida dem primary then leaving. There is a solar initiative I want to vote for.
If you think there won't be a progressive challenger running for the Democratic nomination in 2020, regardless of the outcome of this election, you're being short-sighted
I'm a Libertarian, I haven't voted for a Dem or Rep in the presidential election since I've turned 18.  I witnessed the chicanery with Ron Paul and now I've witnessed a repeat with Sanders.  I wanted Sanders to win, I don't agree with his economics, but I did agree heavily with his anti-war stance.  He was the only major candidate who wasn't a warhawk and it saddens me to see who got the nomination.  The party had a chance to win over independents and left leaning libertarians like myself; instead it chose the status quo, Wall Street, the Military industrial Complex, and cronyism. I switched my affiliation just to vote for Sanders in the primaries and today I switched back to the Libertarian party.  Here's to hoping Stein or Johnson gets in the debates. 
I admired the Green Party but always voted Democratic in Presidential elections. Not anymore. Straight Green vote.
Trump isn't far right...he is just a moron

Outside of immigration, he is the most moderate GOP candidate in a long long time.

* He supports gay rights
* He is pro universal healthcare (but not single payer)
* He believes in taxing the rich more than the poor
* He believes in staying out of other countries business, and reducing our military presence around the world
* He opposes wasteful military spending
* He opposes the TPP

The man is a moron when it comes to immigration but outside of that he is moderate...
"Clinton losing to Trump will be Clinton's fault as well as the DNC. They knew she was unelectable and chose her anyway. They never showed they wanted our votes. They don't deserve our votes."

May I ask then, why would you vote for her?  You acknowledge she's awful, and that the DNC did everything they could to drive you away.  So why would you vote for her if it was close?  She put the holes in her own boat, and it's not on us to help drain the water.
I live in Texas and we don't register by party.... which is unfortunate bc I really want to participate in #DemExit!! I'll have to wait until Nov to cast my ballot for a presidential nominee that's not a Dem... first time in 10 years
I left this morning (I vote in Oregon). Registered as Independent for now, as Oregon doesn't have a recognised Socialist party and I want to do some proper research to ensure that I don't end up joining some neonazi party using the socialist name (a la Hitler-era Germany).

22 years fighting for the progressive left...I'm done with the DNC.
Registered Democrat since '93.

Left the party to become Independent, before the CA primary, because I saw the bullshit the DNC was pulling back then. Glad to see that others are sick of the bullshit and won't take it anymore.
Age 21 here, first time voting.

I do not give the least iota of a shit about Donald Trump.  My right and duty as an American voter is to vote for the person I most want to be president.  As of Sanders' ouster, that person is now Jill Stein.

Hillary's people have rigged the election and the media.  They explicitly and corruptly colluded with parties that were supposed to be neutral.  They denied Sanders any chance for a fair fight.  Hillary is technologically incompetent, and endangered classified information as a result.  She owes her money, and therefore allegiance, to god knows what factions.  And now they try to scare us into so-called "unity" with the threat of Trump??

Trump doesn't matter!  The spoiler vote should not matter!  The DNC has forgotten what it means to be in a democracy!

I'm out.  \#DemExit
Don't sit out. Vote for the rest of the shit on your ballot just leave the president vote blank. The revolution lives on in the Legislative branch even if it has died in the Executive.
And, goodbye /r/sandersforpresident.  It was a good run.  I had high hopes for Sanders.  I was willing to set aside my 2A concerns to vote for him.  But I will not vote for Clinton.  I have unsubscribed.
#GreenIsTheNewBlue now.
Well put my friend, well put. 
#DumpDemsDay
Been blue from the start and now it's time to part. 

GEN X going green. 
#DemExit 

Bernie didn't have a chance from the start, the DNC was working against him all along. 
Red State here, but Ohio river is literally my backyard. I go there to push Blue. Never again. They can have Trump, I'm going Green. Should add, 12 years of voting Dem. 
Swing State. Going green.
I've been a lifelong Democrat (for over two decades). The sad thing is, if the DNC were impartial and Clinton won fair-and-square, I would have remained blue and voted for her despite the hundreds of dollars I donated to the Sanders campaign.

However, they played dirty. I refuse to reward or support lies and corruption. I have joined the class-action lawsuit. And as of this morning, I've gone Green.

I refuse to vote for her not *because* she won, but because of *how* she won.
Just adding my voice to the chorus -- changed my registration this morning. Feels good to get the stink off.
Already got a donation subscription to green party going
>"Vote for our center-right candidate or else you get this far-right candidate." 

I don't find this inspiring either. The DNC doesn't represent me. I too was going to sit out the rigged spectacle of futility called elections until Senator Sanders popped up. Suddenly, reluctantly, I had hope. It is almost gone.
Absolutely the same here. I'm finally going to switch to the Green party. This election was the last straw for me.
> If it's close here in CT, I will have to vote for Clinton

Invalidates the rest of your rant
Sick of this Garbage, Jill Stein is the only one making sense. RNC is collapsing into itself from the bullshit it's piled on throughout the years and DNC won't own up to it's corruption, favoritism, and voter supression.

Going green too because I want our first female president to not be a person who thinks the title is owed to her because she's greased enough palms.
Instead of just throwing up our hands and leaving, I should propose another thought. We won nearly 46% of the electorate, and over 13 million votes. We as real progressives are entitled to our position in the party, and it belongs to us now. Instead of just walking out and letting the neoliberals win, I say we just take it over. We have the energy, the youth, the ideas, and the people to make it happen. If all those folks who are following through on Bernie's encouragement to run for office at all levels start winning, this will be inevitable.

Folks may think we lost, but we're actually on the verge of a takeover, and a final Victory. Don't quit 5 minutes before the miracle. We need you!
It is time to seize the means of production! 
Don't fear Trump. 4 years of gridlock and potential bad president beats 8 years of corporatist servant and warmonger with the blood of hundreds of thousands already on her hands. And the DNC  deserves it.
[Bye Felicia](http://49.media.tumblr.com/b783f8c5426bd8a959bf2b01519f96aa/tumblr_o12szlRLyf1rqe0rbo1_540.gif)
https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4urfvr/tony_brasunas_on_twitter_yes_confirmed_all_700800/
If it's close here in CT, then we have a problem because this safe blue state hasn't gone red since 1988.

What a terrible, weak candidate Hillary is. She might lose Pennsylvania of all places, first Democrat to lose it since 1988.
I'm not at all political, but want to vote for Sanders. This means I have to switch to independent?
Interesting.
Not sure what I'll do in November for the presidential election, but for now, I'm helping send the message: #Demexit

(Actually I did it Monday...)
I only joined it this year to vote for Bernie in the primary. Ohio won't let me switch until next year's primary though :/ 
Agreed. That's my point. It isn't applicable to ask what Bernie would do
I would just like to say that if you're a Sanders voter, you'd probably like DSA :)
Don't let the door hit you on your way out. #feelthebern
I agree with your decision but have to make one correction: the only polls showing trump in the lead have been after the RNC. That bump is completely expected. After the DNC things will switch back and probably stay that way the rest of the campaign. 
>If it's close here in CT, I will have to vote for Clinton, but until then, I won't help the DNC feed the illusion that we like these candidates. If it's not close, I don't have to give her my vote.

Completely reasonable position. Thank you for balancing political reality with ideological principle. 
So I'm not a democrat, but you guys are all fair weather friends to the Democratic party. They aren't really losing much with you storming off, so you shouldn't act as if they are.
this sub and TwoX are two subs where the front page is always littered with shit that doesnt need a thread. congratulations youre leaving a political party. 
> Goodbye, Democratic Party. You had the opportunity to win a generation. I have always considered myself an Independent

So you were never actually a democrat? 
For the past 21 years I have voted Democrat. Today I have chosen to remain Democrat. The constant bitching and whining on the sub is ridiculous. When our man is asking us to unite, you don't run away. You support him and his views with all your might. Peace out, Bernie or Busters!
I am a life long Democrat.. I am heartbroken Bernie is not our nominee but it is time we come together and do the next right thing and that's to vote for Hillary. I went to many rally's and met many Bernie supporters and we are a compassionate and intelligent bunch! I have faith that when it comes down to it ...We will stand together against a rascist bigot that just wants to devide us.
[removed]
Maybe you don't know this, but there is such a thing as congress.
[removed]
[removed]
Much love to you. 
Rage on Berniecrats... Rage on.... We are going to be known as the group that elevated someone to something higher then presidency!
I agree, I feel like I could have done more when I heard him say that.  I donated and volunteered a lot, but there is always more that could be done.

However, with the proof that the DNC and the Hillary camp were colluding, I almost feel like it doesn't matter if we did more, they were nominating her no matter what.  Now, it may have helped if more things were called out and demanded to be dealt with at the time, especially by the Bernie camp, but I guess we will never know.
It would be interesting to compare the superdelegates with the spreadsheets to see if any were paid for their support.
That clip of Josh Fox and/or the passionate woman before him would be welcomed.
I got to see that bird and the big smile it gave Bernie in person and I will never forget it. The whole crowd just lost it. Thanks for sharing!
I dunno. At this point, it's more like [this. ](http://youtu.be/uguXNL93fWg) 
He went back to being independent.
>The source, familiar with some of the details but not authorized to discuss them, said the DNC also cut Turner and another prominent and effective surrogate, actress Rosario Dawson, from the promotional video that aired just before Sanders' remarks during Tuesday's roll call. Sanders reportedly fought the moves, but was not able to overturn the decision.

/#DemExit

What is going on in this country?
> ~~Tweet: "...was set 2 introduce @BernieSanders last night b4 speech -- pulled last minute bc she wouldn't endorse @HillaryClinton"~~


Edit: 

>[@ShaunKing](https://twitter.com/ShaunKing/status/758169348754268163): her credentials were NOT revoked. That's a fabrication. **She was slighted in several other ways, though.**


But Still: Vengeful bastards. SMH.  Sore winners. Facepalm.  Price of real courage. Sigh.  Some *unity*.
Unacceptable!!!! What a corrupt government we have. I hope I never hear Obama or anyone else quote Abraham Lincoln on our gov. being 'of, for and by the people'. Bernie said it and I believed him. I still do. He's the only politician that's a true warrior of the people.
They are about to learn the Streisand Effect.
Nina for head of DNC.  One of maybe 3 or 4 people in D party I trust to clean up DNC corruption.  
OP:

>[@ShaunKing](https://twitter.com/ShaunKing/status/758169348754268163): her credentials were NOT revoked. That's a fabrication. She was slighted in several other ways, though.
Unity, right guys?
Good and bad news. Looks like Nina disrespected but kept credentials.

https://twitter.com/ShaunKing/status/758169348754268163
Not true 
[So she did not lose her credentials, she was not ejected, Sanders had someone else speak.](http://www.cleveland.com/open/index.ssf/2016/07/bernie_sanders_backer_nina_tur.html)
[removed]
This is great.  Is there a way to include/add the election fraud estimates, too?
Thanks. This reminds me and comforts me that we were a grassroots movement and against all odds and cheating, we did amazing. We can still continue this fight down ticket and in future cycles. 
[deleted]
If people actually looked at local/state politics they would see "it's back". The Vermont Progressive Party has done more this year than the green party has done in 16.
Perhaps there can be a way to coalesce these seperate progressive parties in state and local elections to a more rooted party apparatus, you know, centralize and unify everyone around a single banner?

I think it's time to bring it back, especially after this election. 
Not just yet, HELL YES!
My only request is replacing the moose with the bird. Or just Bernie's silhouette 
To any who still think of voting for Hillary, this is just a taste of what a Hillary Admin will look like. Fall in line, no dissent or you will get treated like utter garbage or worse. 
And we're the irrational children...
I am a delegate for Ohio. I am also the Authorized Representative for Ohio. I have confirmed with Nina and the State Party delegation coordinator that Nina did NOT get her credentials pulled. 
They still play by the 90s playbook.
Sociopathic behavior...just like a domestic violence situation. 
[deleted]
Pathetic.  They aren't getting my vote that's for sure
Stop over-reacting. 

This did not happen. 
Geez people, there are no sources but well-placed denials, and we're just going to repeat these contrived "facts." 
Are we AM radio listeners now?
This is why many people has exited and will exit the party. They won't listen to us.
I'm not sure what happened. Was she removed from the convention or from the DNC completely? 

This is all I can find, but it doesn't seem to be the best source:
http://www.commondreams.org/news/2016/07/26/nina-turner-prominent-sanders-delegate-ejected-dnc?utm_campaign=shareaholic&utm_medium=twitter&utm_source=socialnetwork
Everyone is tweeting like Trump. Sad! 
Hahaha
The Clinton Foundation has slipped into stealth mode. It's odd how over the years, as their donations increased, how much they're in the public eye has diminished.
It's being investigated by the IRS so another scandal. There will be many, many more.
Alternate opposite universe:

"I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT HILLARY IS USING THE DNC TO PROMOTE HER CHARITY!"
It's a charity, not really relevant to the proceeding at the DNC.
Bet he's having second thoughts (at least slightly) about the "unity" article he published today.
Shaun please write another article on how you SHOULD NOT support DNC after your previous one. Now that you could see first hand how we were treated. 
This is what happened: 

http://www.commondreams.org/news/2016/07/26/nina-turner-prominent-sanders-delegate-ejected-dnc
Christopher Hayes (MSNBC): What happened?

[Shaun King:](https://twitter.com/shaunking/status/758140701632765952) Hope she can speak with you soon man. A mess.
[deleted]
Talk about "True Grit"---they will quickly find out that this time they picked on the wrong woman!

Some Dems talk about Trump's hatred, am I the only one that thinks many of these Dems have shown a lot of hate to Bernie supporters!?
Why?   What is the point.  Don't they know this pushes people away more.
What happened? Why did I miss this?
Yo Bernie you having doubts about endorsing her ?
Democratic Party 2.0! Speak your mind, get the hand.
Party unity or else!
Good and bad news. Looks like Nina disrespected but kept credentials.

https://twitter.com/ShaunKing/status/758169348754268163
and yet he is still going to support and write articles in support of hillary? doesn't everyone understand by now that hillary (and the clintons and the DLC) just pander to you and use you for political gain?
Shaun, you're a sell-out.
Oh man I just read Nina Turner as Nina Tucker, which made the last sentence of the tweet a whole lot sadder 
Have there been any updates on this? Nina hasn't posted on Twitter since yesterday and I can't find any news about it. 
Who cares what this white dude in blackface says?
Thank you for being able to use logic and reason to come to the realization that what took place was unethical, corrupt, and those that condone it are morally bankrupt. 
Thanks for sharing.  There's a lot of us like you - a year ago I would have never imagined I'd be in this position, refusing to vote for any democrat and trying to stop Hillary at all costs.  A year ago I'd never heard of Bernie, had been on board with Clinton for a few years, and was looking forward to a Clinton presidency.   I even had supported her in the 2008 primary.  

This election has really opened my eyes in a way I never thought possible.  I think over the next few months, especially once more leaks are released, even more progressives will join us.  Shame it didn't happen sooner, but late is always better than never.  
If you are not in a swing state you have nothing to lose by voting for Jill Stein (if you are a progressive).
[Want to know what this guy really thinks?](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/4ulprh/bernie_fans_claim_their_signs_are_being_seized_at/d5rf8rj)  Sorry, I[ don't believe you bud.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/4u9vuj/sen_bernie_sanders_and_his_allies_suffered_a/d5odmk1)

Edit: Just in case he deletes more juicy parts here's some.

>This has nothing to do with fair or unfair and everything to do with that no amount of "waaaahhh Bernie SOOO DIDN'T GET WHAT HILLARY GOT" explains the literal ass kicking he took in the polls. He simply wasn't popular enough and the few points he might have missed and even assuming every consipiracy theory "THE DEMS ARE OUT TO GET HIM" was true, it still isn't enough of a deal to explain how poor he fared against Clinton.
The fact of the matter is simple: the lifelong Democrats, on the whole, want Clinton. The middle age and baby boomers, on the whole, want Clinton. The obnoxiously loud minority of Sanders supporters cannot change that.
So validating to hear. Thank you. Your mind is open and that is a powerful tool. Godspeed 
Thank you! I hope you join us progressives in the fight for change! Only together can we fight this rigged system.
>They will ride on the tails of Obama's work helping to pull us out of an economoic slump

What work? All Obama has done is allowed the war against the working class to continue. Everything he's done for the economy has been smoke and mirrors. People have jobs again, but they get paid less than they did before, and those that still have any sort of money left continue to get squeezed harder.

We're on the verge of another economic collapse.

Trump may be a piece of shit, but he's not wrong about the economy. 
Now if only more the DNC would come out about this, and set measurements to change it. I want to vote for HRC, but she and the DNC making it impossible.
Thank you. Thank you for understanding where we are coming from. We didn't just support Sanders because of him. We supported him because unlike the DNC, he isn't corrupt. He didn't flip flop positions. He always spoke his mind. 

I honestly feel like his endorsement and his actions at the convention were due to pressure from the clinton camp and the DNC. An ultimatum. "Do what we want, or we won't adopt your positions or anything close". I can't prove that its the case, but seeing as how they've handled themselves thus far, I wouldn't be surprised if they were twisting his arm and forcing him to do so. I don't honestly believe Sanders would have done the things he did and said the things he said unless forced.

Thank you.
Also consider that all of the people who have been pile-driving this country into the ground over the last few decades, on both the left and right, are now flocking to support Hillary. That alone should be reason enough to fear Hillary more than Trump.
This is why I have to hold my nose and vote Green. I know its possible that Trump gets in, but I think the bigger message is that the DNC has stopped fighting for us. So after a terrible Hillary Clinton Presidency, how easy will it be in 4 years for Cruz to become president? Then we had 4 years of a shitty fake democrat who is actually a republican, and then 8 years of a monstrosity conservative christian lunatic.
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Why are you saying this?  Bernie is fully supporting Hillary.  And now you're telling me the opposite.  Who do you think I'm going to trust, you or Bernie?

Bernie has pushed the DNC to the left.  And many Hillary fans are glad we did.

This is a big win for the progressive movement.  The DNC didn't have to agree to shit.  Instead we got the most progressive platform the DNC has ever had including several Bernie ideas.
"but *this* isn't the year to vote for change... "  NO FUCKING YEAR IS GOOD.  but it has to start somewhere!
Indeed.  If Clinton wins, it's giving the DNC the message that they can do everything they did in this primary season to push the establishment candidate, and even if the public finds out about it, they'll still win.  And then they'll just keep doing it.  If we roll over and vote for Hillary, we'll never get another Bernie.
Election Justice USA released an almost 100 page report on the Democratic Election, we need to be looking into this and discussing it extensively! [Democracy Lost: A Report on the Fatally Flawed 2016 Democratic Primaries](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B5O9I4XJdSISNzJyaWIxaWpZWnM/view)


#The following is from the last page of the entire report:


#A. CONCLUSIONS

We have aimed to provide an overview of the evidence for various types of fraud and targeted voter suppression impacting the outcomes of the 2016 Democratic presidential primaries. After covering the legal background and the history of Election Justice USAs legal actions, our best efforts to combat election fraud and voter suppression, we gave a thorough treatment of:

1) Targeted voter suppression

2) Registration tampering

3) Illegal voter purges

4) Exit polling discrepancies

5) Evidence for voting machine tampering

6) The security (or lack thereof) of various voting machine types

Finally, we gave a date-by-date, state-by-state overview of each of these fraud or suppression types at work throughout the course of the 2016 Democratic presidential primaries. **Based on this work, Election Justice USA has established an upper estimate of 184 pledged delegates
lost by Senator Bernie Sanders as a consequence of specific irregularities and instances of fraud. Adding these delegates to Senator Sanders pledged delegate total and subtracting the same number from Hillary Clintons total *would more than erase* the 359 pledged delegate gap between the two candidates.** EJUSA established the upper estimate through exit polling data, statistical analysis by precinct size, and attention to the details of Democratic proportional awarding of national delegates. Even small changes in vote shares in critical states like Massachusetts and New York could have substantially changed the media narrative surrounding the primaries in ways that would likely have had far reaching consequences for Senator Sanders campaign.


#B. RECOMMENDATIONS

We conclude by calling for decertification of the 2016 Democratic primary results in every state in which we have established a reasonable doubt as to the accuracy of the vote tally. Finally, we wish to bring the readers attention to three simple reforms that would eliminate the mere possibility of the vast majority of fraud types demonstrated or evidenced in this report:

1) Exclusive use of hand-counted paper ballots in all future US elections.

2) Automatic voter registration, with same-day party affiliation switching as a mandatory

condition for all elections that are publicly funded.

3) Restoration of voting rights legislation which would ensure adequate access to polling sites.

Election Justice USA maintains that these recommendations for future elections, contrary to common claims, save taxpayer money. While beyond the scope of the present report, we aim to present a convincing case for this as part of subsequent publications.
People who voted for Ralph Nader over gore thought the same thing. Bush became president and nothing changed in the DNC.


This shit is going to take a lot more to fix than trying to send a message by giving the nomination to trump. We probably will never get what we want from the presidential level but we can elect congressmen and local government officials that better represent us a lot easier. Assuming this rage we feel will translate to substantial action over the next few years when the opportunity arises to help the congress people you want elected get into office 
Our official policy in this country is to abstain from negotiating with terrorists or  paying ransoms. It's not because we aren't concerned for the hostages. We are. It's because everytime you pay the ransom or let the bad guys get what they want, 2 more line up to try the same scheme because it's proven to work. In the end, there's no end to the abductions, misery and destruction.   

Our country is being held hostage and has been for a long time. Long have we heard the warning of 3rd party candidate support - you can only vote for us or your country gets it - 4 or more years of tyranny by the "other side." Whether or not it's true is irrelevant. All this work we've done here - none of it means anything if your government  - made up of the people you trust to act on your behalf - doesn't represent you and proves untrustworthy and corrupt. 

Last night I listened to Bernie talk about the new and improved DNC platform and how much they were able to accomplish. And it meant absolutely nothing to me.  Largely it's because nothing tangible has really been accomplished. In the end, what we're left with are campaign promises from somebody who has proven themselves to be deceitful, corrupt and willing to undermine the democratic process and I don't believe for a moment that she'll fight for any of these changes. But what really hurt was that he could never address what the main theme of this campaign had become - a fight against corruption throughout all levels of the political machine. Of all the important fights to fight, nothing will ever be done until we succeed in rooting out the parasites from the top levels of government. 

Hillary is a queen parasite and her DNC cronies are her worker drones. She won't get my vote. Not now, not ever.
A nasty justice or two means Citizens United will never be returned and corrupt dark money will stay in politics for decades and decades. If corruption means you lose, voting against HRC, an imperfect vessel if there ever was one, means decades of losses. 

Message means shit when the supreme court is immovable by popular opinion. Naive to think otherwise.


But... Bernie endorsed Hillary. I don't understand why you would vote for some scumbag like Trump. He's the opposite of what you stood for. 

But you're just gonna downvote me, whatever
No. Nice try but I am NOT voting for trump. He's a literal fascist who hates minorities and liberal policy.
oops wrong thread
People staying home is how the mid terms of '10 were lost.  please vote for congress. 
Not trying to pander to votes but lets be real, there only person that has a chance of unseating Hillary and burning down the establishment is Trump.

If Trump is elected, Hillary WILL be going to jail. 

Hillary is the one who wronged you. Bernie and Trump agreed on several key points and Trump will, by default of his own opinions on the matter, be punishing Hillary for her conduct.

Seeing Hillary in jail would make a lot of you feel better about the way you've been treated. 
Trump is the only true outsider left, he's got my vote now. Sorry Bernie, don't blame me. 
Simply that. A democratic candidate is preferable over the undemocratic one.


The next term could see 3 new justices to the Supreme court. If they are Republican, it will mean the death of our democracy. 

Hillary, while imperfect to say the least, is an actual progressive, believe it or not.
Amen! Why would they ever work in your best interest if you will vote for them just because they are of a particular party.
Please stop spreading this absolute approach to voting. Bernie lost amicably. I wanted him as president too, but we now face a bigger threat and if we schism, the hope of freedom for all will be lost to the hands of greed and money. Hillary is not the best, out of the DNC, but she is the best out of Hillary and Trump. Please consider this logically, and then we can continue to fix our broken system after the threat of Trump is diminished completely. We certainly won't fix it with Trump as President. 
We need to start an online rally to just write his name in. Fuck the DNC. Fuck the two party system. Fuck this election.
>Accept the message will be out there. Corruption means you lose. Next time grass roots stands a chance. If Clinton wins. We're all screwed.


You're actually dumb if you think you are helping anyone by being childish and not voting for Hillary because your feelings were hurt.
Did you mean:

> Accept the message will be out there.

Or:

> ~~Accept~~ Except the message will be out there.
[**They just... can't be allowed to.**](http://i.giphy.com/AvRy6GxhqWm2Y.gif)
No, it doesn't.

How in the world does that even remotely make sense to you?
Consider the following:

Trump wins, it sends a message they can't pull this shit anymore. The same Sanders supporters GOTV for downticket candidates and the legislative government. Yes, Trump would nominate SCOTUS noms - but they'd need approval from a liberal legislative branch. It would HAVE to be a moderate SCOTUS nomination.

These checks and balances can allow us to have 4 years of nothing, followed by us trying again in 2020 with a real option after a Trump trainwreck. Think long term. If Hillary goes 4 years and is faced with a tougher opponent that isn't Trump? She'll lose. She's doing this badly against Donald Trump, she can't win in 2020.

What I'm saying is it's either conservatives in 2016 with perhaps liberals to balance it out, or moderates for 4 years followed by a real challenger to Hillary's throne, with disgruntled or unmotivated voters going Republican in the downticket.

So, are you fucked slightly in 2016, or really fucked in 2020?
Also you never deserve someone like bernie, if you support HRC with your vote.
let's make - "IDGAF write-in Bernie"
a "thing"
the presidential elections don't determine the chances of getting another bernie, its the congressional elections and primaries that do. congress is the establishment. That is why you knuckleheads need to stop it with the stupid demexit crap and vote in your upcoming congressional elections so we can kick out the establishment.
This was faulty logic when it was applied to the election of GW Bush and it's faulty logic now. This sub of all people should see how vulnerable Hillary will be in 2020. Who here bets on her popularity increasing? 
Trump already said the system is rigged and he won anyways. Sanders got owned by Hillary rigged party.
What does a conservative supreme court justice means?

The way I see it that means keeping the status quo but a progressive one might mean tougher gun control.
Gary Johnson voter here. 

I am voting with the next 12 elections in mind, not the next 1 or 2. I will not vote for Clinton, who embraces everything that is wrong in politics. 

Trump hate aside, at least he opposed the establishment and won. Bernie failed, which is a shame, but the step that follows should not be to vote for his highly unqualified opponent. 
What are we suppose to do damn it?
Aren't justices appointed for LIFE?
Regardless who wins between Trump and Clinton, the Progressive groups within the country will be even stronger and in a better position to continue to fight.  *Especially* if we get out there and work to ensure progressive candidates run at all levels of government.

Bernie laid the groundwork and has gotten further than any progressive politician in at least a lifetime.  Whomever follows will be in an even better position.
But should I vote for her if I want her in office along with doing shady stuff to setup her successor?
I'm ready.
Yes I agree.
[deleted]
If you think Clinton wouldn't be vulnerable to a progressive democratic primary challenger in 2020 you weren't paying attention
The Democratic party and the Republican party will never get my vote
I talked about this [not too long ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/4shl6v/sen_sanders_endorses_hillary_clinton_megathread/d59ecmy) and got downvoted to oblivion.
We voted for Bernie and still didn't get someone like Bernie. So what's the difference?  
It's how you get a Trump presidency. 
Not sure why you guys are still going on about voting anyway. Voting's not going to do anything except legitimizing elitism and a blatantly rigged system at this point.

Considering the events of this convention along with the email leaks, I'm surprised so many of aren't getting a clue that it's time to grow up and seek alternative solutions to your problems instead of being weak, dependents expecting politicians to do it for you. Because that's not a revolution.
>If Trump wins. We're all screwed. 

Fixed
Holy shit, can the mods please remove this? It seems like this "no campaigning for other candidates" rule is not being enforced properly...
That's a load of bullshit.
People tell me that anyone who thinks like this comes from a place of privilege.
I know right so horrible. Such nasty justice appointments like when Bill Clinton appointed Ruth Ginsburg. Get real here. All the people on the Supreme Court who we like were put in there by either Bill Clinton or Obama. 

Are you really going to allow for the Republicans to have a majority again in the Supreme Court? Are you going to allow that justice dictate what is going to happen in American politics for the next 30 years? 

No you keep on fighting, You elect Berniecrats for State, Local, and Congressional levels. Vote down ticket. Things are not over. Do not let the Republicans win. You think that the Bush years were bad? They have been going further and further to the right politically. They want to get rid of social security, medicare, etc. Now I hate Hillary Clinton with a passion. But, and I hate to say this, think about the future, remember that in 4 years is another election. Do you want a Trump presidency? Oh I'm sorry, a Mike Pence presidency because as what John Kasich has said, that he was offered the VP pick and would have been given the "foreign and domestic portfolios" aka Trump would be the figurehead and the VP would be the unofficial president like during the Bush years with Cheney making all the calls. Mike Pence is actually worse than Trump.

Don't think about what will happen during the next 4 years, think about how things will be impacted for the next several decades. We will actually get movement on green house gasses being reduced. We will actually have discourse on getting rid of citizens united. Hell the death penalty very likely will be outlawed. 

Vote down ticket for Bernicrats. Stop being upset with what happened during this election and make the best of what we have right now. Keep those who we have elected to their word.

You would honestly be more productive rather than trying to get Jill Stein elected if you actually voted in this upcoming primary for the non-presidential spots open. The vast majority of seats in congress, over 430 seats are open. You'd be more productive getting things passed locally, and when other States adopt your thing, federally things will change. You'd have a better time working with WolfPAC to get amendments to the constitution be made than going onto Reddit talking about how you won't vote for XYZ candidate. 

Be apart of the solution and the political revolution than being upset that Bernie lost. We have much bigger things to work on and it wasn't going to be all up to him to even begin with. 

Not me. Us.
Guys there's still time to #feelthebern and #donate. I still have about $60k tuition left. #donate to #fuckyouthrow. Who's going to match me. #feelthethrow
And people with chronic illness like myself will be screwed if Trump becomes president and repeals Obamacare. And women like myself who want equal pay for equal work. This might be some moral high ground for you but realize that there are people who can actually die if they can't get access to health care that covers their chronic illness. So screw anyone who thinks this way because Trump is a real danger and a vote against Hillary, for any party, gets us closer to that danger and further from what Sanders stands for.
You are a Trump supporter, go fuck yourself.
This subreddit so damn naive that the keep voting up pro-trump posts. Stop.
I care more about stopping the message that idiocy wins than winning a victory against the ocean of corruption.
http://www.theonion.com/article/supporters-aggravated-bernie-sanders-didnt-use-dnc-53325
\3. chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream.
Same thing happened with Howard Dean in 2004.  
Didn't he leave the Democratic party almost as quickly as he joined it? I'm not sure why the DNC would want such a person as chair.
Never intended to stay. Changed my affiliation to vote for sanders and changed back to independent after. 
Changed mine to libertarian today.
Already gone. 
I was here just for Bernie. A registered Democrat for all of [9 months](http://i.imgur.com/KyUSOCz.jpg)... I guess progress will have to be made some other way.
Go Green Party!  Dr. Jill Stein has practically the dame views and stances as Bernie and has supported him this whole time.
You cant change the party from the outside and you can't blackmail the DNC and expect it to go well
Michigander here, voting green this year 
I'm in Wisconsin and voting my conscience. So is my family that would usually vote (R) - they want Trump as much as I want Clinton - not at all.

Voting for the lesser evil is still voting for evil. I refuse.
[deleted]
I live in Ohio, and I'm voting my conscience.

I did it in 2012, too.
[deleted]
From North Carolina and I don't believe for a second that I cannot vote my conscience here. The whole state is full blown Republican. Its going to DJT no matter what.
That's right!

In fact, if you live in a non-swing state and vote Dem or GOP, you're wasting your vote! Votes for a third party help build the party, whatever state they're in.
Hillary is losing swing states they WANT another option.
Pretty sure NC is going to tip Trump.  The most divisive rallying issue for Dems is HB2 but, unfortunately, it seems like many Tar Heels are fine with it.
Great Information.
Please share you methodology? Ex: All the states that voting conscience will not "make a difference," is defined how?
Also does this mean if a non-Dem or non Rep candidate runs, what is largest percentage of the vote what will not tip that states results.

Also some would disagree with the whole view that non major parties spoil elections. Only 60% of voters voting, does that simply mean the major parties are not doing a good job of addressing the needs of the people?

it doesnt apply anywhere. If u vote for HRC in any state, you just prolong this corporate party and ensure they rigg more elections in the future and deny us a progressive candidate. This corruptoin has been seen in local lvl too. So we need to stop it NOW, if we want to see a change in the DNC.
Colorado checking in....changed registration today never voting democrat again
This Ohio household will cast two votes for Jill. We aren't choosing  the lesser of evils. If Hillary loses 
it's her own damn fault.
based on what? what makes it okay to vote for anyone in those states but not the others?
FromNC also. Hillary doesn't have a chance in NC. I'm voting progressive third party write-in and down ballot as progressive as is available.
I dont understand the map, Greens are working to get on the ballot in PA, and also PA is one of the states where you can write in anyone, even someone who was in the primary. 
I live in Colorado and I WILL vote my conscience. I assure you my vote will NOT go to Hillary.
I'm not letting fear dictate what I do.
We can vote our conscience anywhere. That's what it means. Voting Green in NorthCarolina. Dems have shoved out progressives. Wake up and smell the Fracking.
I live in VA. Don't care. I'm not voting this election for president. I'm voting downticket. That is all.
im assuming this is fake, sadly hillary has people that blindly support her..
Do you really think that between Philadelphia, New York and Trenton that the DNC would find it hard to fill seats.

This is a joke, guys.
http://i.imgur.com/N5hQHPU.jpg
2 is enraging. Apologising for offending is not an apology. He doesn't even mention Bernie!
I would want a Bernie presidency but at that point he would be 100% justified in telling them to fuck off.
sweet sweet fantasy BABY... when i close my EEEEeeyyyes YOU come and PROTECT ME
Please don't send the Donald to Europe. Spare us!
What's the deadline for a party on the ballot to submit the name of their candidate, surely before October for many states
I honestly don't think a month would be enough time to spread awareness to the American public that Bernie would be the new nominee.
Whisper of a dream...
This is why I'm keeping hope alive - I think it was a good move of him to fall in line. He did everything he could possibly do to appease the DNC last night. Only thing that makes me think otherwise is that he said he would return to Independent. 
[deleted]
In my fantasy Trump concedes to Clinton even though he's way up in the polls, revealing that he's been a spoiler candidate the whole time. Then, just as Clinton begins her reaction speech she strokes out on live T.V. Then due to massive chaos across the land we are forced to hold a completely new election.
>Votes are earned...

Well, there's your problem.  I don't think she thinks votes are "earned".  It seems more like she expects everyone to just fall in line behind her.  Period.
I know. It's not like she's acting like she wants my vote by choosing Kaine and rehiring DWS to CONTINUE on her team as honorary chair of the HFA campaign.
In Contra Costa, CA, and my vote still shows as neither received or counted.  

I'm ALSO furious at the DNC for their shenanigans.  

EDIT: also
Exactly, the right answer to "but what about Trump" is that the Dems need to nominate the strongest candidate against Trump if they're actually worried about him. By the polling data the candidate is Bernie by far, not Clinton. If they don't then your fear is just being used against you.
Here come the "Well you're endorsing Trump by not voting for Hillary. Gotta get behind Hillary. Gotta eat Hillary's ass. Hillary is our future, if you don't vote for her, it's YOUR fault when the country goes to hell."

Fuck those people amirite? Trust me, I have absolutely zero interest in ever voting for Trump or any interest in him becoming president. But the DNC had their chance to easily win the presidency and they killed that with corruption, crime, and lies. I will not vote for a war monger, racist, oligarchical political robot who lies to people's faces saying she'll help them, and then imprisons them once she gets their vote. I also won't vote for the wife of one of one of only TWO ever impeached presidents. Is this really the best we have to offer?
Agreed. Waiting to see the HRC bots to say FEAR TRUMP FEAR TRUMP!
I want to ask all those people who say that not voting for Hillary makes your responsible for Trump.  If you voted for Obama (I did in 2012), does that make you responsible for what he's done?  Like all the drone strikes that killed innocent people, are you responsible for that?  If you vote for Clinton, and she starts another war, wouldn't you be just as responsible for that as you would be for "allowing" Trump to become president and doing something bad?  You can say Trump would do more bad things, but in the end you still end up screwed either way.
I'm not voting for Clinton because I don't want to teach the younger generation that it's okay to cheat and lie. 
I'm probably voting green party or not voting at all..

there's really no point anymore.. 
I completely agree with you, she has done nothing to earn my vote. 
If the DNC actually cared about beating Trump, they would've elected Bernie a long time ago. Don't sacrifice your wishes for the future for this corrupt and power/money-hungry organization
I agree I will never flip as she betrayed the party and democracy as a whole.

Would you however consider a Sanders - Clinton ticket if the DNC proposed it in an attempt to unify the party?
I'm there with you. Her actions speak louder than words. I don't trust her, never will. Why am I to blame, but the Hillbots who have their heads in the sand are not? I will never understand the double standard against us, but regardless I'll either be writing Bernie in or voting for the other woman running for president 
HRC only gives fucks to HRC.
You cheat, you get disqualified.  This is like an Olympic athlete testing positive for steroids, but arguing that the other countries are evil so he should still get to compete.  You're out!
No one ought to bash you, you are right it is her fault, she is not an overlord, we vote for who we agree with, it is her fault if she does not get our votes, not ours. AND IF TRUMP WINS, IT IS HILLARY'S FAULT, NOT SUPPOSEDLY SOME BERNIE SUPPORTERS
Yup if Trump wins its the dnc and their puppet hillary's fault. 
Picking Tim Kane as VP is what was the final nail in the coffin for me. Deliberately pretending to go more left just to get more votes and then picking him as VP is abseloutely disgusting. At this point now I would rather have Trump as President as a big middle finger to the establishment for screwing us over. 
I never intended to vote for her, still won't. Does Trump scare me? Yes. I'm pretty sure he'll be a horrible president. Hillary scares me just as much because of her proven track record of being a horrible person. If Trump wins and fucks us back to the stone age, I'll explain to my kids that the world just became to corrupt to survive in its old form. 
A-yep.
I agree completely OP. Why waste a vote on a candidate that clearly does not care about it. Placing your vote elsewhere is the best way to be heard 
If Hillary loses the election, it's not because enough Bernie voters refused to vote for her, it's because she is a shit candidate. You win elections by earning votes, not demanding a certain crowd bend the knee and decree you the "lesser of two evils." Morals, ethics, and integrity matter. 
You guys are just being such sore losers! Hillary has done so much to win over Sanders voters, and you are all just ignoring her! 


She did things that Bernie supporters absolutely love, like:

- Nominating a socially conservative centre-right corporatist as running mate instead of someone like Elizabeth Warren

- Hiring the DNC head that colluded with the mainstream media to promote her candidacy into her campaign

- Calling single-payer healthcare "pie in the sky"

- Courting Bush donors

- Threatening us with Trump every time we bring up her shitty policy substance

- Refusing to condemn TPP

- Blaming Bernie Sanders for Sandy Hook

- Getting comedians to ridicule us at the convention

- Smearing anyone who criticizes her as sexist

- Defending fracking

- Wanting a no-fly zone in Syria, which would mean war with Russia

- Refusing to take money out of politics

- Refusing to legalize cannabis, a substance less dangerous than alcohol or cigarettes



So there!
This is what I say to anyone who is pushing HRC as the lesser of the evils:

>Trump has operated democratically. Hillary has not. Trump can think what the fuck he wants about abortions but he has given me no indication that he would attempt to fraudulently impose his will upon the people. Hillary on the other hand...
Donnie might have some bigoted and archaic views towards certain subsets, religions, and classes of the world but Hillary Clinton has a COMPLETE and TOTAL disregard for EVERYONE.


>To defraud the American people on such a large scale has shown a level of Sociopathy that Donald Trump could not reach in his lifetime.

>For the record, I'm not fucking voting trump. I have #demexit - ed and will be voting green...I'm just saying that everyone has to stop this fucking "lesser of the evils" bullshit. Hillary is not the lesser of the evils. She is the other side of the same fucking coin. Her side of the coin has MORE blood on it then The Donalds does.

>All you dumbasses voting for HRC, enjoy your Turd Sandwich. I'm voting 3rd party.
Hello! Canadian here, had a bit of a showerthought if you will.  Was hoping to get some input by folks who know better than myself.

When Obama got elected people on both sides of the divide went bat shit crazy saying how much change was going to come to America.  Both good and bad arguments on both sides of the fence.  However, the whole time he's been President, he's had to deal with a congress that has been less than supportive of anything that he's tried to accomplish.  Honestly it doesn't feel like a whole lot has changed overall.  Gun violence is still obscenely high, we still have no idea about how full Fort Knoxx really is, technology keeps plugging right along, no one has been able to deal with (or really talk about) the national debt, and bankers are still crooked assholes.  Systemic change has been more or less nonexistent for the good or the bad.

Basically what I am asking is:  Does it actually matter who the fuck is the President if the system that has been built around the position has already been basically bought and paid for by special interest groups? (i.e. the people who already "own" the country are the real shot-callers) Don't you have an arguably more important election coming up with reelecting (or not) Senators and Congressmen etc, who all have an incumbency rate of like 96%?  

Or is all of what I have described exactly why Hillary Clinton is a wolf in ill-fitting sheeps' clothing and perhaps most dangerous of all?
Let me put it this way, It will be easier to convince me to vote for Trump than vote for Clinton. It's third party time. 
If they bash you for this, I think you can just ignore them.  
I would have at one point but she continues to lose my trust.
#Party united! Voters divided! 
Completely agreed, they are making a yuge mistake by not nominating Bernie.
But she said she's sorry about all that. Now fall in line!
I already switched. I double checked to make sure that I was resigned.
Then I went for The color that supports the same issues.
It will be so funny to see the Hillary Campaign vs Trump throwing poo at each other in the epic battle for presidency. Let's see who can produce the biggest turd!  
Political Parties are quasi-religions. Just like a religion people lose the abiltiy to think rationally when their beliefs are called into question. This is why I don't belong to one. I rather vote with my head firmly planted on my shoulders. It is funny looking at political parties from the outside. You really see how messed up they can be and how messed up members can be.
Agreed. I rule my life by a strict bond with my conscience. If I compromised that now, I don't know where I'd find myself next. I'm just not voting for her NOR Trump, and I don't care what people think about it.
Bernie won my vote based on policy. Hillary never appealed to me, she's not my candidate.
I hate to be that guy but I will. OMG BUT TRUMP IS BAD!!! Yes, but I would rather have an idiot who's platform is so psycho that the checks and balances would stop him. Than to have someone who can flat out buy or bribe the entire DNC into getting what they want. Someone who CAN influence politics as she can is dangerous. Trump would be a news story about how his ideas get shut down every week.
[deleted]
Trump is no more nor less dangerous than HRC. Just dangerous in different ways to different people. The only common denominator is that either way middle class America ceases to exist. We will end up in a state of Lords and serfs.
ditto
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owkoZtx95Lo
Hypothetically, if Hillary does become president and does not keep to her progressive promises or does not appear to be truly championing them how do we hold her accountable? 
By voting for people who share our views in the house, senate, ect.
It's funny, cause they're really pushing the limits of how shitty they can be before people stop view trump as the greater evil
I know what you mean. I don't have a horse in this race any longer either.
No bashing from me, have an upvote instead.

Never Hillturd. :)
You were never going to vote for Hillary.
I'm sure the feeling is mutual
> Votes are earned and she has done everything in her power to make my voice not heard.

She worked with Bernie to co-create a new healthcare plan and tuition-free college plan. She announced that she will introduce an amendment to overturn Citizens United in the first 100 days in office. She is now championing the $15 minimum wage.

You don't want to vote for her, fine, but pretending like she hasn't made strides in bridging the gap is disingenuous. She's made the effort to reach out to you. You're choosing to slap her hand away. Own it.
I get it. My very first vote when I was 18 was for Nader back in 2000. Gore won the popular vote by a very slim margin. Bush was made the leader of the nation by the Supreme Court. At the end of 8 years the country was in shambles. Now, I'm not saying it was all Bush's fault. However, we were in 2 illegal wars and an economy that devastated millions of Americans because of Bush policies.  We are just now seeing the light. It took 8 years of a progressive Democrat to pull us out of the mud.
I voted for Bernie, I made calls for Bernie, I supported Bernie. However, I am not willing to let this country fall back into a republican hole and perhaps fall off a cliff from a Trump dictatorship, just because I am further to the left than Hillary on many issues. The Democrat platform is more liberal than ever this election and I think under Hillary we can keep pushing further toward the future. Those are just my thoughts. 
Vote your conscience Brothers and Sisters!
She worse imo. She can't be trusted with power.
Sure, don't vote for her.

Just know that if it leads to Trump winning that it's your fault when women lose their bodily rights, gays lose their right to marry, Muslims are banned from coming, and multiple other atrocities.

Stop being an immature child.
I am.
Did I want to vote for Bernie? Fuck yes, I really did. I put lots of time and effort into his campaign and was just as crushed as you were last night when he endorsed Clinton. I was hopeful some eleventh hour miracle would occur to give him the nomination. But the supreme court appointments are not something to scoff at or to be clouded by emotions. I implore you to reflect upon it a bit more. Bernie knows this and is well-aware of the predicament he is in, and it is undoubtedly a shitty one. 

Voting 3rd party in a solidly blue state is fine to make a statement, but in a purple state this same decision may ensure Trump for "only 4 years (and all the consequences that come with it)," but lifetime appointments for justices make it of paramount importance to secure progressive nominees vs who Trump will nominate.  We as a society cannot afford 30 more years of regression due to supreme court decisions and I will fill in the damn oval for Hillary (criminal or not) in November. 

Why? Because I live in Ohio and it's a rational choice not one that is emotional. The world is a messy fucked up place and we don't always get what we want; shit doesn't always work out as we envision it should be, no matter how badly we want it. Maybe in 2018 and 2020, now that Americans have realized how rigged the system really is that Bernie was talking about, they will act and vote elected officials in with similar values down-ballot (but more likely, they will come down with the same case of amnesia and forget that the political process requires an informed democracy to act at intervals other than every fourth year).  The political revolution lives on if we want it to, it's bigger than any one of us, including Bernie as this thread shows. We can either keep stoking and building the fire, or let apathy and disillusionment burn it out.  That still doesn't mean we can't be rational.
I think you need to ask yourself what you would do if you were transported back to Germany in 1930 and had an opportunity to stop what happened there.
What has she actually done that's so offensive? I hear all these crazy allegations flying around, but there's never any substance to them.
[removed]
I'd rather not be associated with Hillary either
Neither. They are both deceitful people.
I can
I agree.
I truly believe she is against my values, both politically and morally, so she does not deserve my vote.
I'm sure that everyone who has their minimum wage lowered and loses health care and is deported and cant afford to go to college under a Trump administration will be pretty understanding of your reasons.

I mean, the only one you're fucking over is Hillary, right?
Same here. **never**. I changed my status back to independent immediately. Fuck this. I'm not voting for a criminal and a fraud.

&nbsp;

I'm sorry. Why is this down voted on this thread? XD lmao get off Bernie supporter's subreddits if you don't support him. Not many people are going to change their stance. This was rigged, people.
I just wanted to chime in...this is my first time here...now I will say I do support Trump, if you want to ban me for that ok.

I can get behind Bernie, I feel for you guys, I really do. And while each side is gearing up to defeat the other parties "nominee" Republican-Trump /Democrat-Hillary I can tell you this. I'm not asking you to vote for Trump, I would like it sure...but I could never in good conscience recommend a vote for Hillary. If you dig into her history...her entire political career going back 40 years, it is mired in controversy. She has sold out the country by using political power to give foreign nations what they want. She's worked to dismiss and shame women who have come forth with rape allegations on Bill Clinton...I could go on for days. I really hope people will objectively look into her past.

With that all said, if you're looking for someone to vote for maybe it's time an Independent got some attention, they are really the underdogs and have been for years. They don't get any coverage and suffer for it...this is why Bernie decided to run with the Democrats and as well the reason Trump decided to run with the Republicans. Neither of them truly represent their party, they are both smart men using the parties that get the most coverage to push themselves forward.

Bernie himself said Hillary is unfit to be President. I understand his reasons for endorsing now but what he initially said was true. Hillary panders to anyone and everyone. She follows trends and polls and adjusts her views to fall in line to get votes. Everything she is saying to the Bernie supporters, the things she's saying she will do that Bernie was for are blatant lies. Hillary doesn't scare me because she's a woman or a Democrat, she scares me because, to me, she's one of the most corrupt people in government and one of the greatest threats to national security our country has ever faced.

If I didn't get banned I welcome any opinions (good or bad) or questions for that matter. And I offer my thoughts and support for the Bernie crowd, it was a noble movement and still is.  
I hope this subreddit cares because theres no way she does.
I could vote for Jesus Christ himself and my state will still go red in November. My vote doesn't matter. As it stands at this moment, I will be voting third party for president, but voting for as many down-ballot Dems as I can. Luckily we have a Bernie delegate running for Senate.
So who are you voting for ? Trump? Great fucking choice. 
Lol, saying you're not going to vote for Clinton is the least likely thing you could say on this sub to get bashed. 
I'll vote for Hilary if she sucks my pito
Any vote not for Hillary is a vote for Trump. Period. 

Just like Nader delivered Bush to the Whitehouse in 2000, 3rd parties will deliver Trump this year. 

Not only will you be giving him the whitehouse, you will also be responsible for nominating MULTIPLE social conservatives into the supreme court, who could remain there for a generation. 

Think about it. 
Toe the line you ignorant crybabies, you naive children, you sore losers! Clinton won fair and square, and if you say otherwise you're a Russian sexist that wants Trump to drag the US back to 1860. 

/s
Don't. Trump will stack the Supreme Court against Dems when replaced and a Dem in 2020 will not make progress. 
By you'll vote for an EVEN WORSE PERSON?? You'll vote for Donald trump? He's done jacks shit. His ideas aren't even ideas. He's not a leader he's not a businessman he is a stupid, petulant, asshole and so are you be association 
> such a terrible person

As a bernie supporter and state delegate, I can tell you she's *not* a terrible person. You're coming across a little bit silly (or you're a trump troll).
Every time I come here all i get is Republican propaganda! Please please please stop! I followed Bernie from the beginning and I'm sad that he's not the nominee but now it's time to come together and do the next right thing! I will be voting and supporting Hillary and if you ever believed in Bernie you will too! I went to many Bernie rally's and met some wonderful compassionate and intelligent folks ... I have faith that we are so much smarter than to fall for all this bigotry and hatered...
[deleted]
Of course. 

I'm happy that your social status allows to make such decisions. Mine doesn't so I must vote for whoever has the best chance of defeating the GOP platform and Trump, sorry.
Do you have any idea, at all, how self-absorbed this sounds?
small problem here, if Trump wins and chooses the next judge for the supreme court, do you think that would be better then what Hillary would do ? Do you really want someone who has no idea how foreign policy works to be the leader of your country ? I'm so sorry your idealism is being challenged. It's a hard pill to swallow. Right now you're so angry your rationalizing Trump for president. I understand your angry as hell, but having Trump as the president is not the answer. I want you to think long and hard about what having an extremely conservative Supreme court means for women,LGBTQ, minorities people. Do you think the victories you've made on gay marriage and abortion laws will stand ? Remember they can be taken away.  Life is filled with super hard shitty decisions where there is a no win situation. Try and remember that voting your conscious is good when you have that luxury. I'm not American, as a Canadian I can only hope that logic,reason will prevail and hope that as shitty as the Democratic party is, it can be changed and that it's still better then the Republican alternative. 
Its amazing how the front page if this sub used to be actual news, facts and calls to action and volunteering stories. 

Now its literally, I DONT LIKE HILLARY. WE GET TRUMP BECAUSE HER. GO BERNIE
It's the difference between shooting your country in the head (Trump) or the foot (Hillary).... make that both feet... and kneecaps ... shiit. 
So cool, I had not seen this before. I bookmarked it so I can spend some time later exploring it. Thanks for posting it !!!!!!!
Dont do it if u live in FL AZ DE WY or AZ! Closed primaries r coming up for comgress!
good job
Hi `SpatialCandy69`. Thank you for participating in /r/SandersForPresident. However, [your submission](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4uvvgb/demexit/) did not meet the requirements of the [community guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules) and was therefore removed for the following reason(s): 

----

* **[Low Productivity](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_title_and_subject_rules.) (rule #6):** Submissions which provide little content or in-depth material are considered low productive, such as unsubstantial text posts, or link posts to text conversations, screenshots, memes, photos, or other low content material.





----

If you have any specific questions about this removal, please [message the moderators](https://www\.reddit\.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FSandersForPresident&subject=about my removed submission&message=I'm writing to you about the following submission: https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4uvvgb/demexit/. %0D%0DMy issue is...). Hateful or vague messages will not receive a response. **Please do not respond to this comment.**
wait what... how are people born in 1996 old enough to vote already?! ahhhh
Go.... Higher...... Damn you.
No longer a part of the corrupt. Happy to be unaffiliated 
[deleted]
Done and shared. 

Edit: lol CT's voter reg crashed when trying to hell my wife with hers
Color me green.
Doesn't seem to be possible in NJ. I have to print out a form and mail it in (which I've got all ready to be mailed out tomorrow).
I went from Dem to Green in California this evening, also donated to Jill.
Did this earlier today, hello green party. 
[deleted]
Registered Green!
Does anyone know how long this takes to go through? I changed to NPP like 2 weeks ago but when I check I'm still down as dem.
Thank you for this! 
Was ready to give the middle finger to the dnc, then remembered I live in Texas and we have open primaries so I never registered dem.
Registered Independent in PA.
Registered Pirate Party in WI
Unfortunately, Michigan doesn't really have "party affiliation" :( But I'm with you in spirit!
Switching over to NPP feels so liberating.
Done, didn't even realize I could do it online.

If you do this please screenshot everything you do including the time & date - you never know when you may need to prove you actually did it.
It is not working for Illinois, the page does not load to anything, it is corrupted. Additionally I tried to go straight to the source and that is also not working. I need out of this fucking party.
It seems you aren't affiliated with a party in Washington. I never registered as a Dem and voted for Bernie in the caucus. Is there something I'm missing? 
NH is done locally. I'm heading to the town hall later today to change my party affiliation. 
That's weird.  I know I changed my affiliation to Democrat online in Iowa before the primaries.  Now I have to submit a paper form in person.
Happy to see this here. I switched to dem for Obama, I knew I'd regret it.
Done. 
We are not the ones who should be leaving DNC. Its the corrupt Clinton cronies who hijacked it and used it for their benefit. 

If life has taught me anything - *Never run away from your problems, face them head on.*

Us running away only makes them bolder and more corrupt. After seeing the \#DemExit on this sub last night, I really gave it a hard thought, after so many left the DNC.

We are not the ones who should be leaving!
a good way to install Trump even though you hate him
[removed]
Just like it was portrayed on TV! 

Oh, wait... 
I <3 Bernie!
Damn, I hope he continues to be in the news.  
Is this not what he did to the DNC? 

Scared them enough (momentarly) to want to talk policy?

I must say it was a simply brilliant move. People can't get enough. Don't you agree?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SK_udj4kKz8

A longer clip of it :)
Jesus Christ, how can they justify this? They are actively and openly suppressing the voice of the people, and have been since yesterday. 
Wow, what has happened with the DNC? In 2008 Clinton signs were allowed and noone said anything.
Arrested for WHAT?
welcome to the oligarchy.
Get. Arrested.

Fuck. I fear we're no longer willing to fight for our democracy.
But Trump is a fascist! Pay no attention to the DNC, Trump is evil so that means the Democrats get off free!
I just officially left the Democrat party today. I've been a Democrat for 21 years, but I can no long support such a corrupt party. I have donated hundreds over the years, but they will no longer receive another cent until the political revolution takes over. 
Are there any lawyers? What right do they have to do this?

We will not be silenced!
Any sources a bit more reliable and intellectually honest than Laurie Penny?
What the fuck 
#GREAT PARTY BRO
http://www.rawstory.com/2016/07/watch-bernie-sanders-protesters-stage-walkoutdnc-after-clinton-is-officially-nominated/
Need a better source than Laurie Penny.  
Video evidence? Sorry, but that would make this worthwhile to report. 
Per the comments on the twitter post, this DIDN'T HAPPEN, was only a rumor. 
Not getting reported in the MSM LOL
Honestly, that would be amazing. Dozens of DNC delegates arrested for not using their free will to choose the candidate that they're being told to choose, rather than the one picked by the people who got them there in the first place...
I hope people realize that you can't arrest people for holding a sign up.
What law allows you to arrest a person for holding a sign? Am I witnessing a Donald Trump convention?
For what?  It's not illegal to hold a sign.  
None of these leaks make any difference anymore. The media is reporting now that her lawyer gave her some 'Pro-Hillary' advice about the leaks and apparently that 100% protects her from everything.
Seems like everyone getting arrested would be better for Sanders than Clinton.
Arrested for. . . disagreeing with those in charge? Wow, ok. Welcome to North Korea. 
It's Hillary's turn peasants
Welcome to the totaliarchy people. Stop downvoting me when I say this. 
None. They ripped them up instead, and then threaten to take your coat and throw you out on the street into "twenty below" temperatures.  I know. I was there in Burlington protesting at that Trump rally.
We are truly living in the twilight zone. 
You guys will literally believe anything. 
Most touching part of the convention so far.  Brought a few tears to my eyes and you could see Bernie really trying not to break down.
Made me cry.  That was amazing, I'm glad that moment happened.
Bernie was the only person in the race that was an actual human. I feel sad for my country that we missed such a rare opportunity and privilege to have him as president.

Fight on brothers and sisters.
I don't even know what to say. I'm not even American, but Bernie has been and continues to be such an inspirational force. People with such integrity and positivity are few and far between. I'll never, ever forget him. 
Simply heartbreaking. 
Choked me up a bit. 
Bernie tried so hard not to cry and then cried. You fucked up America.
This brought tears to my eyes. A very touching moment.
We didn't fail this man.  His presidency was stolen from us 
The moment when America shed a tear.
I was crying, because when he said his parents had died young... It hit me that Bernie's mother probably did not have access to healthcare she needed as a child and adult to help her with her heart. His biggest push is for Universal Healthcare because it is a human right, because he has seen what lack of free healthcare does. 

I cried. It's been great fighting with you all! I gave so much time and money just to have the DNC rig it, but we all know the truth. Bernie woke up millions of people. The Revolution continues and I get to go back to being an independent.
Made me fucking cry. :(
When you hurt, I hurt. 
I'm a mess right now. Dunno about you guys.

:'(
RESPECT THIS MAN

He moved a fucking mountain to get the party platform changed in so many good ways!! The DNC screwed him, but made changes nobody could have thought possible. 

Think what it would be like if he never had the courage to go this far!

FEEL THE BERN
I just can't take it - too many feels. Even Jane was in tears :*(
This is very powerful and touching. Loved Jane's reaction at the end after trying to console Bernie.
Best part of the convention.
I cried with you, Bernie. 
Holy fuck, this was absolutely heartbreaking. 

In 10-20 years I have a feeling Bernie Sanders and this whole election will be viewed as the biggest mistake and loss of a potential chance to restore American democracy, hope in America and even changing the world as a whole we've done during our lifetime. Maybe much more.
Made me tear up.
I am so proud of all the folks on the floor. 

I am so proud of all the volunteers. 

I am so proud of Weaver. 

I am so proud of all the mods and the digital team. 

I am humbled by the people of Vermont - Thank you for giving us Bernie. Thank you for showing us so much hope. 

I havent met any of you. Yet, I feel like I am not alone,  that I have a family that cares, about me, about our country. 

I was doing fine until I saw a young lady in tears, on the floor. What an image to remember this life experience. What an image to blame it on invisible onions. Politicians send and hide emails. Leaders bring people to tears when they speak. I am sure I am not the only one with lump in my throat and tear in my eye 

What an enormous privileged it is to be among such caring people. 

What a great campaign. 

What a great leader. 

What a great experience of a lifetime. 

It was heart breaking to see so many people with tears. Our people deserve better. Our country deserves better. 

someone must be cutting onions nearby
We made a mistake...
God I'm hysterical. This was both the most beautiful and heartbreaking moment of the entire election. 
I might've gotten a little choked up watching that. I never wanted to see Bernie cry, it was kind of heartbreaking. 
Trying to make me fucking cry? Cause its working.
Very emotional...for me as well. Thank you. This is a priceless piece.
Did i hear boos at the very end? Are people serious?
This is one of the most touching pieces of footage I have ever seen.
Damn where'd these onions come from
I voted for Bernie
I'm not gonna lie this choked me up pretty hard.
So, I am one of those old hags who never cries.  I try to force myself, once and awhile...just to keep my tear ducts active...When I saw this, I cried like a kid on their first day of school...BEAUTIFUL :)
Jesus Christ this is emotional
Since I watched these two days specifically for the Sanders content my favorite parts where his speech yesterday, his brothers vote today, and Sanders part today in bringing forth the motion to nominate Clinton, which was a strong show of unity from Sanders. 
God damn it. 

I'm so disappointed. He played by their skewed rules the entire time. They cheated and he played fair. I'm angry with the establishment and Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama... and myself for not trying harder. Maybe, if I had done more. I wanted to be in Philly to support him so badly, but I have to work. :(

I'm a fucking 31 year old man and I'm crying because we've lost our shot to have the best president we could have possibly had in my lifetime. FUCK.
:( relevant username
I'm a terrible, awful, no-good, very bad Hillary supporter.

This moment was incredibly moving. Just beautiful.
But Bernie just nominated killary
This isn't Russia, man.
America, say hello to your new dictator, Hillary Clinton.
Political opponents in North Korea are not blocked from the cameras, they are [shot to death with cannons](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-32716749).

What's occurring that's causing them to be blocked out?
I was the one Bernie delegate from NY that was able to get on camera during our roll call and hold a bernie sign up. The NY establishment did all they could to keep us out of the camera. Someone kept trying to destroy My sign. Security was asked to keep other Bernie delegates from getting on camera, accusations were made that they were trying to ambush and "are up to something"   arguments took place. It was extremely fucked up. 
OMG, its *exactly* like North Korea!
[removed]
FACT: North Korea does not have cameras.
Plenty of Bernie signs in the footage I've seen of various speeches.
What happened? Why did Nina of all people get kicked put?
Unacceptable! They silenced her. Let the revolution begin! Forward!
only way to start mending that karma,

Nina Turner for head of DNC!

gotta be Nina, Jeff W, or Tulsi  (I know she said before the wiki leaks revelations she's not interested)

who else can we trust to clean up DNC?
Good and bad news. Looks like Nina disrespected but kept credentials.

https://twitter.com/ShaunKing/status/758169348754268163
Allowing DWS to show her face at DNC and giving her an 'honorary'  position as Clinton's surrogate while blocking Nina Turner.

Them Clintonistas really working hard to spread that sprit of unity....
Just fill out a new voter registration form with your new (or none) party selected. 
I'm guessing right before or after Hill speaks or right after the convention. 
Or right near the first debate.
Bring it. 

At this point I just want to watch them burn.
DO IT! C'MON DO IT NAOW!
The bigger she is, the harder she'll fall? When is the sweet spot?
I wonder if it's about her health.
Why was "a lot more " not released weeks ago to give Bernie a chance. I think JA wants to tank the whole US govt.
Whats the point now Assange? If you really wanted to make a difference, it should have been during the primary season. Not now. By deciding to do it now, you are just helping Trump. 

The way I look at it, Assange is not helping us (US). He is trying to hurt us, the way I look at it. 

He has had this information since at least last year.

*********************************************
A friendly reminder folks - Assange has been sitting on these emails and other confidential information for more than year. 

Check out this news release from last May (LAST MAY)

[Kim Dotcom: Julian Assange Will Be Hillary Clintons Worst Nightmare in 2016](http://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2015-05-14/kim-dotcom-julian-assange-will-be-hillary-clinton-s-worst-nightmare-in-2016)

**Dated: May 14, 2015** 

****************************************************

What the fuck is the point now, Assange? You are just turning into an enemy of the state and not a proponent of transparency, as you so claim. 

Watch Folks - nothing is going to happen. Absolutely nothing. She walked away from the Home Server issue. This DNC leak is nothing more than a dust off, off her $12000 suit. 
I'm just always stunned that Americans including LIBERALS have become addicted to war. That the psychological manipulation is so complete that in obama/billary's3rdtermcoupattempt they would use a ploy putin/russian's hacked then gave the info to WikiLeaks because you know putin/russians are so transparent & so want WikiLeaks to so succeed. The russians LOVE WikiLeaks.

So how or what Assange is doing to awaken people with what fishing expedition the crooks/clinton/obama are attempting, who knows?

Most likely he's waiting until obama can't pardon is what I'd think. I hope the clinton's end up in jail. I don't think Assange is taking sides because he knows all the sides. He's allowed to have a revenge. At this point because it seems Bernie wants to spend the rest of his life wringing his hands instead of WINNING by running Independent or 3rd party so there's absolutely NO DOUBT trump will win. Info is like money nowadays so does Assange throw "money" to the wind of Bernie's self deflated sails or save it for trump with both congresses in repuke control to fucking jail billary? 


Unless he's releasing something, I'm sick of hearing about how it's coming "soon". Just do it already
to Assange:  If you wanted to affect change, you should have done it BEFORE the DNC.

Too little, too fucking late.
Well, c'mon then!
Anyone else feel like after reading the article that CNN ia really just trying to suggest blamw on Russia and to make Assange sound like a bad guy?
La de dah what is taking so damn long!!? I thought these were supposed to come out yesterday? 
I'll care more when he actually release what he has. Until then, it's all talk.
This sub is either the extremely die hard Never-Hilary wing of Sander's support or thinly veiled Trump supporters at this point. 
I havent even seen any "body count" threads save for one or two that get shot down. And if she won't even pick a liberal vice president, why would she pick liberal justices?
>  we need Hillary to win

To win you need the one candidate who can lose?

> and appoint liberal supreme court justices

Sure she would. That's completely credible. She would also make single payer healthcare happen and get money out of politics.

Also you're banking on... what, 3 justices dying in the next 3-4 years? What if they don't?

Let's play this out:

- Clinton gets elected and nominates a 'moderate' conservative to replace Scalia, because you have to compromise, right?
- no other justice dies
- the congress remains firmly in the hands of republicans, because with Clinton at the helm of the party, good luck with that
- 2020 comes around, if the world is still there, Cruz wins (sidenote: Cruz is orders of magnitude worse than Trump)
- 3 justices die
- Cruz nominates extreme right wing religious nuts
- you're screwed

And hey, while we're giving rectum-derived theories, here's one if Trump wins:

- Trump spends 4 years doing jackshit with virtually no support from anyone other than his white supremacist base
- he nominates a Scalia-like, let's say this one goes through
- no other justice dies
- the congress flips to democrats because Trump is a great way to consolidate the opposition
- 2020 comes around, if the world is still there, a real progressive president can finally get elected. Ideally not democrat either unless by some miracle all the corporatists can be thrown out
- 3 justices die
- you get the most progressive SCOTUS ever
- you're still screwed because of the 4 years lost without anything being done against climate change, but at least there's hope

&nbsp;

Any evidence for any of this? Of course not. Just as when people say that if Trump gets elected, the progressive movement is dead for decades and SCOTUS will plunge the US back into the middle ages. Or that Clinton will somehow save the supreme court and allow the progressive movement to expand. Yeah sure. She's not at all going to do her best to smother it because she has donors to please.
This is smoking gun territory.
Thank you for posting
Holy crap! WTF!?!? This is breaking today?
wow!!! Thanks!
Why are we not rioting?  
Glad to hear it if this is true. The Democratic Party doesn't deserve to have him.
there is a certain power in language and it is just interesting that the first thing he says at breakfast today is underlining he is not a dem. Also he will no longer do the nomination for hillary and also stating publicly he wont do fundraising for her. those are a lot of announcements in a few hours. It is just nice to see him getting his spunk back.
Sanders saying he will stay for two more years as an independent heavily implies he wasn't promised a post in Hilary's cabinet. I wanted him to stay a  Democrat and be the majority/minority leader in the Senate.
How can he stay in a party that screwed him over? 
[deleted]
I guess even Sanders is doing a #Demexit. 
... for the remainder of the term for which he was elected as an Independent. If he runs again, he's confirmed several times it's as a Democrat. 
he was before.
Am I the only one that finds it kinda odd that Bernie goes back to being an Independent while wanting all his supporters to vote Dem in the election? Instead of him going as a Independent in the election OR joining the greens especially since Jill Stein offered to have him at the top of the ticket.
Had he ever officially switched parties?
Honestly, who would want to go back to the party that didn't have very much love or support for you.

At least he knows where his heart is.
And hot fucking damn I'm right out the door side by side with that boy.
Good.
If my memory serves correct, in an interview with Wolf Blitzer a few weeks ago, Wolf kept asking him questions regarding endorsing Hillary and brought this up. Bernie seemed to say he was staying an Independent because that's what his voters voted him in as. Seemed to allude that he might change to Democrat when he is up for re-election, assuming he runs of course.
I think there will be a lot of Democrats returning to their polling places as independents. 
He must go back into he bat-cave and collect himself for the next move. He got his name out there, split the Dem party, Independent parties gained some numbers, down ticket progressives got support. Hillary just needs to win and Bernie got his cake and will eat it one year at a time until next election. He made it a fight between gradually vs quick. I don't see the Rep party gaining favor if trump loses. Tump has the attention, his party is top heavy. 
He stated I believe this was in a CNN interview. He was going to run next term as a Democrat because in his current senate term he ran as an Independent. Technically he could switch. But he wants to run next time as a Democrat.
[deleted]
He was far too good for them! Why do I feel like what Bernie Sanders did to both political parties was reminiscent to the king's new clothes?
Good.
https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4urfvr/tony_brasunas_on_twitter_yes_confirmed_all_700800/
I want to so bad- but I live in the closest of closed primary states- NY
#demexit
so as a foriegner i dont know how this works now. if bernie for example decides to run as an independent, what would happen.

Like for example trump 37, clinton 34, bernie 29?

What would happen then?

I dont even know if this makes sense but i am just curious.
If i could vote , i would def vote fur bernie, i dont understand why he is not the dem nominee....
"Breaking." No fucking shit. 
This isn't news - he was never a part of the Democratic party. He caucused with them, sure, but he was never elected as a Democrat. There's an alternative party structure in Vermont, where Progressives (his party), Democrats, and Republicans compete in local and state elections. It was assumed he was a Democrat because that's the largest party that reflects his views, but he is not a Democrat.

The thing to take away is this - there has been a viable third party structure in Vermont that has been substantiated in local and state wide elections. If you liked Bernie, then CREATE that local infrastructure and build a sustainable pipeline of national progressive figures.
He only ever ran as a democrat because he knew realistically he had no chance running as an independent.
Anyone who wants to send a message to the DNC that pre-selecting our candidates before we get to vote is unacceptable, should do likewise. 

I always registered as Democrat but never again. 
So?
Dont return to it then. Run as independent in the election!!!!
How about this... Bernie withdraws his endorsement of Hillary and joins Jill Stein on the green party from which the green party is rebranded the progressive party and we all have a third option. 
OK, next step please, run for president as Independent.  
FUCK THAT  he should run as an independent in November.
Odd, he can't really be an effective agent of change for the Democratic party if he's an independent. 
Applause! 
Why didn't he just run as an Independent in the first place.
I like Bernie, but this is exactly why I do not (and cannot) support him. He was an independent wanting to seek the leadership of a party. He lost and he returns to being an independent and not a member of the party.     
Again, like Bernie and alot of what he stands for, but this give me the "in it for himself" feeling, which is a total shame.      
Regardless of where he ends up, thanks to him for shaking this up and inspiring people to think bigger and be better. I wish him many, many more years and chances to continue to change American politics!
I am confused, Bernie ran as a Democratic candidate for the presidency...does this mean he was never really a Democrat at all?
And y'all wondered why he didn't win the Democratic nomination?

Those of us who are lifelong Democrats weren't fooled by his switch.  He goes back to Vermont as an independent.

This is why he isn't the nominee.  
HRC: Please clap.
No way to verify the authenticity though 
Staged Convention for a Staged Election!
oh lord!
Let's not stoop to there level now. We're better than that. We all know that they have thousands of interns that will cheer for free.
All your points are spot on. In a healthy democracy the media has the important roll of reporting on issues, doing research on what is going on and most importantly: putting pressure on basicly anybody to abide the rules of democracy. The US media have failed in every aspect. Even now with the Wikileaks so few actually dive into the matter or ask the questions that have to be asked. It is not only a shame and annoying, but to me in fact a little bit frightning. No matter how crazy things get, the media just twist information, diverge attention and sometimes blatantly lie and after a little while the people continu like nothing has happend.

I really dont want to hear anything about Trump anymore because he is the best that could ever happen to Hillary. He is the Great Evil we should all fear. He is the crazy guy who always provides a crazy tweet that takes attention from every important matter. 
Don't get mad, get even. Keep fighting for what's important. If you really want to hurt the media, including people like Seth Meyers, where it hurts, stop watching their shows. Start a boycott. A lot of Bernie supporters fall in the 18 to 24 demo, which is one of the most coveted in broadcasting. When you watch any shows, you are literally giving networks and entertainers what they need to sell their ad time to companies and make money. If their ratings in a specific demographic suddenly crash based on the stupid stuff they're saying, they'll get the message really damn quick. Don't watch their monetized videos on YouTube either. 
> Instead of treating our voting bloc like children how about you actively try to court us? Propose meaningful campaign finance reform and election reform within the first 100 days of office. 

You mean like Hillary just did, by proposing an amendment to overturn Citizen's United in her first hundred days in office?
> This nonviolent incident marks the third time in a century there was so much unrest following the nomination of a Democratic candidatethe other two being 1948 and 1968, elections where the nominee went on to lose in the general. It is now officialat this point, there is no denying that the divide between Bernie supporters and Clinton supporters, is far more significant than that between Obama and Clinton supporters in 2008. In spite of headlines to the contrary, the Democratic Party is in trouble.
They wouldn't have anything to worry about if they hadn't subverted federal law to house a private email server in her basement. 

You reap what you sow. 
Watching the TYT stream. 

We're with you from LA! Represent us! 
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CoVDeSrUsAA6tSE.jpg
http://www.rawstory.com/2016/07/watch-bernie-sanders-protesters-stage-walkoutdnc-after-clinton-is-officially-nominated/
You have them worried, and against establishment political operatives that's an achievement.
https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4urfvr/tony_brasunas_on_twitter_yes_confirmed_all_700800/
Poor cops, they didn't even want to be there and getting forced to do this shit.
Downticket candidates, and he is starting an educational organization to teach people how to run for office, amongst other things.
Join the class action lawsuit against the DNC

Yeah if the war hawks don't end up killing us, the climate will
The climate will change a lot faster if Hillary is allowed to start WW3 with Russia.  
Aren't we past the point of no return, assuming we dont have a catastrophe that wipes out half of humanity?
If the scientists are reporting that they found climate change to be rapidly accelerating faster than they thought, that would mean to counter it there would have to be a rapid deceleration of equal proportion, such as nobody in the world ever starting their car again (and everything else believed to cause climate change, like killing all the cows).  I think its too late to stop it now, too much corruption in government for too long, hardly anybody ever spent time on issues that matter to humanity as a whole.
He also endorsed Clinton and said we should vote and rally behind Clinton. 

Besides this not every Sanders supporter cares deeply about environmental issues. The people that can make a big impact on climate change do not really care about it much unless there is profit to be made. Stuff like electric cars and solar pannels does attract people since there is profit in it. Business who can encounter extra tax for environmental issues will do as much as possible to resist it as it cuts profits. They also lobby in politics to prevent having to pay an additional tax. 

Republican voters would rather not have extra tax on their pickup trucks for environmental reasons. So they dismiss climate change as a bunch of bull just so that the government can collect extra taxes to spend inefficiently. From my experience a lot of Republicans have this point of view and prefer a small government. I think Clinton can sway Sanders voters by environmental issues but Trump voters not so much. 


If you want to stop climate change, you must first get money out of politics. As long as congress is beholden to their fossil fuel donors, it will not happen until the ramifications are present and clear. Beyond that, we would some how have to shift the world on this issue too. First world leaders would have to shift their economy and help developing nations shift to green energy sources as well. 
this is so true! 

I dont want to live in their dysfunction, thanks
It would totally not surprise me to find out she has a drinking problem or a drug problem (cocaine, probably).
That's a good one, I like it. I have an idea too, you have a vulnerable looking guy with a Bernie shirt on and a scary looking Hillary in front of him saying "you want me to rape you or him?" And she's pointing to a really scary looking Trump. And then you have a thick wall of glass and a really innocent looking Bernie looking on sadly and muttering "sorry, I did the best I could... If I were you I would choose Hillary". What do you think 
Send this over to Ben Garrison. He's done some good Hillary ones in the past.
Just have a Jungle book themed Political Cartoon too with two panels. Bernie is Mowglie in both. One has Hillary as Kaa saying "Trust in ME!" to the Bernie followers who are wrapped up in her coils and have her eyes all "hypnotic". Next panel have Trump as King Louie asking Bernie to teach him how to use that "fire" like he did. Having the #FeeltheTrumpBern hashtag in the background.  Kinda shitty but I mean Hillary IS a snake, and Trump is orange and isn't a normal human, so it works...
Check out BernieVote.com 
That was my plan - Write in Bernie. 

After Obama's rousing endorsement last night - I will admit I have second thoughts. What a wonderful speech Obama gave. I am so proud he is our President. 

Obama and Biden are true leaders. We, as a nation, have been so privileged to have one of the best President/Vice President teams in contemporary modern American history. We will miss them like anything. We will never see a duo like this again, in our lifetime. I have deep respect for both of them. 

From everything I/we have seen, I cant get my heart to vote for Clinton. It begs one to wonder - what is it that Obama/Biden know that we dont? What do they see in her? If its the fear of Drumpf, then Sanders would have been an equally good opponent (may be even better). 

I have always voted with my heart, and my heart says - Write in Bernie. May a higher power forgive me if Drumpf is elected and the nation goes to hell in a hand-basket. 3 months is a long way off and a lot can change. Hmmmm....

Hope this sub stays open and active, we all are going to need a lot more therapy after tomorrow. 
r/write_in_sanders 
Only do it if u live in Alabama, Iowa, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont, and Wisconsin.

Otherwise ur vote will be invalidated, and ur picks for congress will be ignored.
r/BernieSanders makes most sense. 
What's the argument for writing in Bernie as opposed to voting 3rd party?
[removed]
JMHO The owners of this country will never allow Bernie as president, It should be obvious by now. A write in vote is a vote thrown away. A vote for Stein sends a powerful message to the DNC. and shows you were most likely a Bernie supporter.
here i made one make a better name if you like 

https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresidentw/
I'm writing Sanders in too.
We don't know 100% for sure.  But I'd say there is most likely more.  But. People are still talking about the first leaks..  Alot.  They wanna wait til people have settled down after the first batch then hit us with more. 
http://edition.cnn.com/2016/07/26/politics/julian-assange-dnc-email-leak-hack/
There were some teasers for more leaks pointing directly at Hillary Clinton. It's kind of confusing I know but I expect 1 more batch by the end of this week.
I read somewhere there is going to be a dump before she speaks tomorrow.
the latest leaks were supposedly part of a "series" of new leaks

we shall see if that's the truth or a PLZ DONATE strategy
It makes sense to release more tomorrow before HRC speaks. Send the convention into a panic.
I believe there is a flyer floating around. Look at the subreddit berntheconvention for tons of Info
Surprise!
I am sorry sir. The Utah delegate ABSOLUTELY represented me when they left your fake prom. #FucktheDNC. 
I think it's a long time before the next round of primaries. You can exit now and still 'rejoin' for the next primary - IF your choices are at all palatable in the first place. But an exit now would show a definite message.
The thing is we all like to think that all it takes is getting democrats elected and they sure all say the right things to get our votes....as soon as they get elected time after time, once they assimilate into the local and national party and are given their marching orders you can't even remember what they stood for and when you add to that the desire to then get reelected and the promises that need to be made to corporate donors and the party infrastructure...you don't even recognize that candidate you helped elect....i have seen this happen again and again....I used to have faith in democrats but my faith has been absolutely shattered...I changed my registration today to become an independent after 40 years because I can't even stand being a democrat right now and I was loyal...never missed a mid-term ...this is the first convention in forever that I could not even force myself to watch..it is very sad...it seems to me that a better name would be the Undemocratic Party.
I am in Hillsborough County Florida I unregistered Because I dont think there are any Berniecrats in my district.
##NoREDEMption
All of the periscope feeds are blocked. Can you stream any other way? MSM (CBS) is reporting 3-400 people only.
I am Independent. I vote based on integrity, diversity, and the greater good. True colors of our parties have been shown. Profit over people and hatred of everyone that's different. They own the party but they don't own US. We have the power. WE funded a campaign. WE lost the first battle. WE will not forget what happened. WE will fight. 
Maybe rigging the election against Bernie, admitting to it, and then hiring the person who resigned for said rigging to work for you will do the job.
"We gathered against you. We ridiculed you. We did everything in our power to ensure that in this democracy your vote didn't count. We got caught, so we weakly apologized, and then we threw our leader's reputation under the bus. We called you bots, bros, and simple-minded followers. We ignored you, repeatedly stated that your opinions were worthless, and told you repeatedly that we don't need you.

And now, if you don't join us, you are being ridiculous."
My thoughts exactly. Dems obviously have become way too comfortable getting a free pass while wagging their dirty finger towards Repubs. It's a sham and the emergence of a 3rd party to represent voters is way overdue. Bernie was the only shot that Dems had at my vote and they used every con to avoid my support. Now I'm looking forward to casting my ballot for Stein.
It's like you have to earn votes by gaining people's respect or something
They're going about this the wrong way. Bashing BernieOrBusters over the head with Scary Trump is akin to turning HRC's white noise machine on full-blast.
If she wins she will be lauded as the first female President responsible for uniting a fractured democratic party.

If she loses, it's all the Sanders supporters fault.
What assurances do we have that the general election won't be just as fraudulent as the primaries? 
I look at it like this........

Which candidate has the greater opportunity to damage the citizens of the United States?  Would it be Trump......who's detested by Democratic Senators & Congressmen, and distrusted by Republican Senators & Congressmen who don't agree with a large chunk of his political beliefs?  Or, would it be Hillary......whose party is so entrenched in supporting her, that they're willing to rig the primaries & debates in her favor, and turn a blind eye to her *blatant* dishonesty, corruption, and favor trading with Wall Street & the Middle East?  Trump as an individual scares me to death.  But, the Dems hate him & the Repubs dislike him.  He will be a neutered President.  Hillary though, has the backing of the Democratic Party & her fellow Senators & Congressmen.  She can do far, far more damage.  And, if she extends her corruption to the White House, who in her party is going to stand up to her over it?  It's been proven time & again that the Republican establishment has zero issue putting Trump on blast or calling him out for his ideas or positions.  It's also been proven over and over again the Democratic establishment will stay mum, deflect, and defend when it comes to Hillary.  
The DNC and the Clinton machine are panicked right now that she will be booed when she makes an appearance. In talks to have Bernie nominate Hillary. What they don't get is this is no longer party politics, it is tribe politics. If the leader of the tribe turns on his word to the tribe he no longer has control. He was booed before when he mentioned her and he and she will be booed again. 
What I think the Democratic party doesn't under stand is that Bernie Supporters are still MAD that the nomination was STOLEN from him. No amount of trump-bashing or endorsements within the corrupt party are going to change that.
And what do the mongs at the DNC do? Get a comedian to ridicule us. Good job, yeah *that* will earn you the Sanders voters. Fucking pricks. 
Until very recently I had the feeling deep inside that trump was worse, and that if it came down to it i'd maybe vote blue in the end. After Hill rewards DWS for corruption I am not sure who is worst now, and I have no idea where my vote will go - probably Jill.
This election is like having to choose between which shit sandwich you have to eat.

One is made of semi solid shit that will make your stomach sick beyond belief.

And the other is made of babies diarrhea that you'll get all over your face and make a huge mess.

Meanwhile everyone around you is arguing over which shit sandwich is worse and telling you to eat X shit sandwich because the other one is shittier.

Edit: a word.
Well, with Trump most of the evil and the corruption seems to come with words and theatrics. With Hillary it's real and tangible. 
Clinton's lack of a substantive message against Trump is so fucking telling.

Trump: "Clinton receives money from regimes which oppress women and the LGBTQ community!!!"

Clinton: "Here we made this filter for facebook which shows a picture of Dangerous Donald Drumpf insulting you. LOL we are so better than this aren't we?"
The thing is personally I don't think Trump is worse. A while ago I went and looked at each candidates policies. Of course I like Bernie's the most, but I only have a few problems with Trump (abortion and environmental stuff mainly). The thing that worries me the most about Trump is the fact that he's running republican and that brings a lot of people like his VP or SC justices who are more extreme.

And then aside from policies I also consider what I feel about the candidate. Two people might have exact opposite policies, but they both are trying to accomplish something. Not just "destroy the country". I feel like both Bernie and Trump actually have a goal of making the country better, while Hillary really feels like she's just doing this for personal power and to please the people that fund her, not to mention all the corruption and incompetence on her part.

Sadly Sanders being the DNC candidate doesn't look like a thing so it's just two candidates I don't really want to vote for because of very different reasons. I wish that congressional elections were before presidential elections so you could vote for the candidate opposite the majority in congress and hope that they just get gridlocked.
It's questionable whether Hillary is actually better for Bernie supporters than Trump, where Trump is anti establishment and Hillary is the establishment.


ABC  anything but clinton!!!
I'll look into voting for Hillary when she has more press conferences then FBI interviews in 2016.
Literally

Day 1: Trumps a bigot

Day 2: Trumps a bigot

Is that all they can say? That's all I fucking hear from them lmao
Trump has an advantage over Hillary:  He hasn't cheated Bernie supporters out of millions of dollars in wasted campaign contributions.
[deleted]
On the books he's worse. It's the off-book stuff I'm concerned about..
Seriously, can anyone give me a good reason other than "at least she's not Trump"? Because I'm honestly looking for a justified reason as to why anyone should vote for her at this point.
If Trump wins, the movement Sanders started will not end. Regardless of the outcome from the general, this revolution is just beginning. Don't ever settle for corruption. Stay strong friends
Trump is less of a villain than Hillary. She's been planning this heist a long time.
I won't buy this trash anymore. Obviously the remnants of the old revolution are crumbling to dust. It's time to jump ship to Stein. My conscience is clear and I'm going to do my best to support real progressive platforms moving forward. I'm feeling Green.
Anyone that votes for Clinton is giving their stamp of approval to her, you are explicitly telling her it's okay to lie, cheat and slander her citizens, that is not acceptable. You don't want to vote for Trump? Fine, don't but don't vote for the person that's already betrayed democracy and You, look at all your third party options, don't give your stamp of approval to the person that has defrauded you out or a fair primary.
America can and will survive four years of a Trump like candidate.  The Democrats are simply fear-mongering to get people to vote for HER.  Trump may NOT be ideal, or as "pure" as Hillary, but the fact is that he has never held a governmental position of any sort.  His record is still clean on that front.  BTW, I used to be a Democrat.

In contrast, HRC has a fully documented record.  Let's take a look:

1. HRC led and completed a coup in Honduras that nobody talks about.

2. HRC and the Clinton Foundation fought for lower wages in Haiti, a country that had been devastated by a massive earthquake.

3. HRC is directly responsible for not supporting her staff in Benghazi given her rank and title.  Result: Four dead Americans.

4. HRC supported the banks in NY and worked for them while in the Senate to change bankruptcy laws that would hurt citizens.  Funny thing is that Elizabeth did NOT mention this last night.  I wonder why?

5. HRC worked with her hubby and the Clinton Foundation directly to sell America's resources and capability while SoS, across many areas to collect money directly funneled into their slush fund.  One BHO is fully aware of this.  How could he NOT be?

6. I can continue this list for many more pages, but have no time.

That said, her loyal paid-off colleagues, assorted politicians, and very many friends can praise her to no end but it does NOT change her verifiable record.

HRC is a putrid and horrific candidate and is in fact the worst candidate ever to be "pre-selected" by the DNC and the Democratic party.

Just wait until the next release of data from Wikileaks.

Long Live the Political Revolution!
You realise **the Mods are compromised here**, they're threatening to close this sub down just before the latest wikileaks end Hillary's chances for good. They're selling you out like Bernie did.  
  
Vote Independent, anything else is a fix.  
  
EDIT: PM /r/thirdpartycandidates and ask them why they're still a private sub during their first real chance to effect change, I smell a rat.
The blunder of Clinton's VP pick is so obvious, a stunning mistake, can't the delegates pick the VP?  Doesn't it work that way? 
How about "Trump is worse and Hillary has adopted a bunch of Bernie's positions"? Seems like the combination of the two could sway. Bernie laid out point by point in his speech yesterday - his position, in which ways he got Hillary to move towards him, and where Donald stands far from him. 

https://berniesanders.com/sanders-prepared-remarks-at-democratic-national-convention/
What is worse than a war.
Hillary Means War
 'his white supremacist supporters' - so anyone who supports Trump is a white supremacist? Come on.
I'm ready to register as an independent and vote 3rd Party if the Democratic convention doesn't end responsibly.
I won't be scared into voting for someone anymore. I've read their playbook
The enemy of my enemy is my friend. 
I think everyone is missing one key point here, despite the OP title.

Hillary just got caught red handed waist high in election fraud, and she received a Bernie endorsement out of it. The Clinton machine is threatening and powerful to politicians. It's why Warren fell in line also. Threats...threats, threats. 

The general is being rigged for (puke, vomit,) excuse me; Hillary as we speak. It is done and done. Bill's face said it all last night. Trump will not win, because the DNC won't allow it. They have too much power already, and it's about to get a whole lot worse over the next four/eight years.
Her actions after taking in DWS after the DNC admitted to sabotaging his campaign and our movement.  felt like some one shit in a bowl, poured sour milk on it, and said, eat it. It's like some sort of abusive relationship, where they see how much abuse you'll take by increasing the abuse exponentially.
I"m watching the protests outside the DNC, and it's more interesting and hopeful than what's going on inside. Jill Stein has been addressing the crowds for a half hour. Just a gal with a megaphone, right up against the fence. They are chanting "Jill, not Hill." 
I hate Hillary Clinton, but tossing away supreme Court appointments sounds fucking idiotic to me. I have absolutely no idea what kind of pandering bullshit Trump will pull if he's elected to the presidency, and with ravenous caveman religious conservatives being highly vocal, I don't want any of their bullshit agenda coming back up from the grave. 
When you pick the "lesser of two evils," you're still picking "evil."
I was thinking last night about how different it would be if Ted Cruz were the nominee. Don't get me wrong, I know Trump is a just as awful candidate, but there is something about his rhetoric and overall identity that is disarming. I think it may be that he doesn't seem serious, like with him there's a chance that literally nothing happens for 4 years and we get a chance to elect Tulsi Gabbard a lot sooner than with Hillary. I don't know, just something I was musing over. I know that Trump getting to select Supreme Court justices is enough of a reason not to vote for him, but I can't bring myself to care about that more than the corruption we've seen from Hillary and the DNC. If Ted Cruz were the republican nominee I don't think I'd be thinking twice about voting for Hillary right now, Trump just doesn't seem like a sincere evil to me. I dunno I'm just riffing, what do y'all think?
Telling a Bernie supporters that Clinton is better than Trump's is like saying dying from skin cancer is preferable to colon cancer.


Yes after this whole fiasco the DNC deserves to loose this election.

Why should I vote for someone with no integrity? Who doesn't respect the election process? At least Trump won his primary honestly. 

Voting for a 3rd party bc Hillary disgusts me.
If we're damned if you do damned if you don't- let's take it all the way. http://i.imgur.com/jMKX0QU.jpg 
The politics of fear will not sway Bernie Sanders supporters, and that is all I hear coming from the Hillary camp recently. If we voted based on the politics of fear, we would be Trump supporters, he is better at it. We vote for politics of love. 
>I'd rather vote for what I want and lose than what I don't want and win. 

Said by one of Bernie Sanders influences, Eugene Debs
Nice article, but of course it's completely wasted on the Hillary supporters who most need to read it. These comments are chock-full of the exact language that the article pointed out.

"Trump is evil! Hillary isn't quite as evil!"

Hillary was willing to gain her 'nomination' using any means possible, including underhanded/fraudulent means...what do you think she'll be willing to do once she's in the Oval Office?
it's not going to work because i don't believe that trump is worse
You Bernie supporters that are now voting for Hillary are hipocrasy defined. You rant and rail against the establishment and unfairness,then Hillary and the DNC slap you right between the eyes with a rigged primary,prance it in front of you and yet you still vote for her..anti-establishment my ass.
My vote will not be extorted.
People don't understand the importance of this fact. 

If Hillary wins in a landslide out of Trump fear, there will absolutely be more and more crazy candidates trotted out every election. I can promise you that. 
Trump may be worse (I just don't know) than evil Clinton, but that doesn't mean you have to vote for either of them.  

There are other options, there is always another choice.
Here's Rosario Dawson's take - 

This is vehemently true if Trump becomes president, because hes the one saying no to the TPP [Trans-Pacific Partnership] deal, Dawson went on. And were saying the same thing. And if the Democratic platform doesnt accept it and then Trump becomes president because of it, thats not our fault or lack of trying. So stay the course.

In other words Trump and Bernie are on same page on bad trade deals and helping lower and middle classes. Not oligarchy BS, fighting for the people. 

'We're saying the same thing' 
But shouldn't it? I'm Canadian, but isn't Hillary more closely aligned with Bernie on most issues? Perhaps not to the same extent, but Trump is almost opposite in most of Bernie's positions... plus he's unstable for climate, economy, women, and world peace. 

I was 100% for Bernie, and yes he was cheated... and yes Hillary is a liar (as is Trump, but on a larger scale), but there's a lot riding on this election and the direction the US is heading. Just the next couple of Supreme Justices nominations scare me if Trump is elected. 

Trump is:
- A birther
- Anti-vacinnes
- Default on debt
- Nominating SCOTUS that are conservative
- Shutting down free speech
- Calls women bimbos, and wants to punish women or doctors for abortion
- Wants guns in schools
- Won't protect NATO allies
- Made favorable statements on Putin, Saddam
- Wants his VP to handle DOMESTIC and FOREIGN policy
Yes, I think it will. I read somewhere once that voter turnout is sometimes due to not wanting one candidate to assume office over another, and not necessarily because they support a certain candidate.
For the most part I hear democrats basically say that it will be cat calls from the white house, cat food for dinner, and death to the disabled if we let the other guy get elected by not supporting corrupt "they all do it" Clinton.

It's really surreal.
It fucking worked on me. I respect y'alls decisions, but I have black, hispanic, muslim, and gay friends. I gotta protect their rights as much as I need to fight for better candidates. You might not be scared of Trump, but you should be absolutely terrified of the Republican platform. It's absolute lunacy.
The 2016 election will be known to history as the 'Vote for the Fascist of Your Choice'. 


im sorry but sanders sold out
With how the electoral college works if you don't view due I've if the real candidates you essentially vote for the other one. Hillary isn't perfect, but Bernie knows better than anyone how to achieve his agenda and he's said that Hillary is it. I still trust him.
Whomever was a Bernie supporter that now support Trump on any matter was never a Bernie supporter in the frist olace.    

Dr.Jill Stein is the only other viable candidate .     
Trumps party has a long history of hate and voting for him and Pence is exactly like voting for Bush Cheney all over again. The puppet and tbe hate monger.
That's because he is not. Any educated vet fears Clinton way more. Overt fascism is much easier to defeat than Clinton nefarious war-hawk tactics and neoliberal policies. 
Never, never, never voting Hillary. Ever...I love my country too much to subject it to her corruption. Can't do it. 
It's like trying to chose between ebola and cancer, there will be mixed choices.
It's weird how we're yelling that we don't care about their "trump is worse" point, and they have no other answer and just keep repeating themselves.

The whole convention yesterday was just about Trump. The whole purpose of the DNC is just stopping Trump nothing else. Fuck that, if they really want to try and save us for Trump they're still on time, they can nominate Bernie or somebody who's not as corrupted as Clinton. Are they really asking me to choose their crook rather than the other joker - after cheating me?

If the dems win, why should I believe they won't come back in 8 years with another corrupted politician, asking us to vote for them again because of the next republican menace? How are we gonna break the loop?
The time has come, we must petition for nominee by combat cage match. 
DNC/HRC: "Let's do this controversial thing and cause shock and outrage again." "Ok it's done!" "Let's do it again, seems to be working!" "OK. What else can people get REALLY upset about?" "This, this, and that!" "Done! Keep it coming!" "Jeez, what does it take to get people to take action these days?" "I dunno, let's just keep piling on the shit until shit-mountain is too big to ignore, maybe people will get tired of being shocked and outraged" "Oh, I hope so, I'm tired of rolling in all this money".

A lot has happened that wasn't supposed to. Countless things. He's made it this far. And it's not over.
Bernie or death! 
Since my state is CA which is pretty much results on a overall blue I feel I should just vote for stein. Unless HRC sorry fucked up so badly that CA considers trumps 
Being worse doesn't mean someone else isn't also bad.

The really annoying thing that I think annoys me the most is that the Hillary sub is completely clean of any critical analysis, any discussion about her negatives or problems and further any analysis of what's going on or the hate towards anything undemocratic. Sur ethey say they hate Caucuses but it's generally only a defense when claiming to be against corruption and us hating super delegates etc. I'm against caucuses too but I'm also against corruption in all forms.

Or now they'll try and push this dialog that the leaks were modified so they don't matter and they're from russia so that's more important than the "tiny disagreements". Balderdash.

The DNC did not at any point mention anything negative or even to be improved against Hillary. In fact the only person whatsoever to even mention they disagreed with Hillary at all was Bernie during the convention.

Sigh... it's like no one will even try to improve anything because they don't believe anything but what they have is appropriate.

The Hillary sub is trying to be welcoming... IF YOU FALL IN LINE. Any questions and you'll get some heavy MSM or politifact (which is really opinionated and unreliable) citation about how you know they were both the same in truth and they really aren't different. But any argument and you're just expected to acquiese. Critical discussion is gone there, BUT they'll still insult everyone over here as a trump supporter or a troll or the dreg of society, blah blah blah.

Our mods in part seem to agree with them, which is just ridiculous.
Watch the movie Hillary Cash if you haven't already:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LYRUOd_QoM

Whatever decision you make, make sure you do it with open eyes.
Teh Fear of Trump is one of the pillars of Neoliberal "strategy".

it's not going to work. for starters, it assumes _all_ Americans are doing great right now. as Bernie stated last night at the convention-- 47 million Americans are living in poverty, 20% of children are living in poverty. things are crappy for millions in our nation.

Trump being elected makes no difference to them-- and that's why most of them will stay home on election day-- which is in fact a choice.
Can we do a Correct the record type thing on the Hillary for president page for the remainder of this election?
The election was rigged on both sides but more so with "Super Delegates". The only difference is Trump won by so much they couldn't rig it enough to stop him. 

Maybe if Sanders wasnt so weak with HRCs emails this would have have gone better. He barely cares there is email evidence the DNC rigged the primary. 
hillary is the worst, period.
Why will Trump win? Party loyalty. The right succeeded in proving Hillary was a liar. They know the left splits like a well crafted bread. They are going to play that card all the way until November. The left is so stupid they don't even see the trap they are walking into. A splintered party ensures a conservative victory. Even those opposed to Trump are starting to come on board. Who wants to stay on a sinking ship, especially if it's Hillary.. In the end liberals fighting equals a Trump win. It just that simple. Arguing to the contrary just proves my point.
Saying trump is worse should 100% earn votes. He is worse. Hillary is dishonest, unauthentic, and not progressive. She is not racist, xenophobic, thin skinned, and dangerously irresponsible. Clear choice. Also, this choice is binary. Green party is a protest vote. Advocate as much as possible, make as strong a statement as you can, but voting illogically so significantly hurts the hope for progress so much more than any advocacy possibly could make up for. It seems some just don't want to get used to doing things they don't want to, but that's called being spoiled. Grow the fuck up and make the hard choice. 
If we vote for a corrupt candidate out of fear then we're no better than all those Republicans that voted for horrible and corrupt candidates (Cruz, Ryan, McConnel, Boehner, etc) out of fear.

Regardless of how much fear you feel, if you vote for a scoundrel you're part of the problem.


Well my question is, if you trusted this presidential candidate so much, then why wouldn't you trust his decision to stand behind Hillary? He knows she's better than Trump and she backs 80% of his beliefs. I'm not a fan of Hillary personally, but I have to vote with someone who's not going to push America backwards... I think with Trumps lunatic repubs backing him and who he'll bring into office is scarier than anything Hillary could do. Not to mention there's been a lot of rape accusations against Trump including one who was only 13 at the time, and no one is talking about that... why? 
Do you know why the hate machine against Hillary started? Because she pushed for Single Payer Healthcare.
I'm guessing that a fair number of you grew up in Republican houses where Hillary was the archenemy, and are trying to square your progressive politics with what you heard as kids.
Especially because he's not worse. This bullshit needs to stop. 

I'm not trying to campaign for Trump in here or saying that he's incredible, but saying that Hillary is better, both as a human being and as a presidential candidate, is just a lie.
It becomes more and more obvious that Hillary isn't the lesser evil. I'll take four years of Trump over eight years of her.

Allowing a thoroughly corrupt, pathologically lying and outright vile candidate like Clinton get elected will do more damage to this country than whatever Trump could. Obama wasn't able to deliver most things he promised to and neither will Trump.
Rorschach's Journal: July 26th, 2016: New articles out today talking about Trump's gaining lead in the general. This DNC is afraid of it. I have seen its true face. The news networks are extended propaganda machines, and the propaganda machines are full of lies, and when the lies finally buckle under the weight of the general election, all the establishment democrats will crumble. The accumulated filth of all their lies and exclusionism will foam up about their waists and all the Hillary supporters and Bernie haters will look up to the Independent voters and Bernie supporters and shout "Save us from Trump!"

...and I'll whisper "No."
It's official I'm voting Trump, preferably Jill Stein but she doesn't have anyone with her that would push the envelope.
I'm not falling for the lesser of two evils argument anymore. Clinton cheated, Trump played fair. It seems obvious to me that in a democratic society, Trump deserves to win. 

Though, of course, all I ever wanted was Bernie.
Well it will sway the smart ones, 

the rest are just acting,


(_)


( _)>- 


(_)

Ridiculous.
Well, Bernie won me over last night. I'll hold my nose but I'll do what I need to do to stop Trump from winning. 
Anyone else just gonna write in Bernie Sanders in November. For me that way I'll feel better about who I'm voting for.
Trump is worse.  Probably THE worst candidate of all time.

But that doesn't mean you shouldn't at least try to be responsive to a huge chunk of potential supporters.  
I understand the frustration, but **voting is not a moral dilemma**. It's a **strategic decision**. If you want to make choices based on how you feel, go play the Witcher. Let's make the right decision for our country, as Bernie has done.

EDIT: [Noam Chomsky on strategic voting](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/noam-chomsky-gop_us_56a66febe4b0d8cc109aec78)
Looks like Hillary is screwed, she has nothing else.
Except for 87% of them.
This sub is toxic and you should quit. 
Ok, I am a staunch Bernie supporter. Always was, still am. BUT...I will vote for Clinton because it's the right thing to do. And for those Bernie supporters who are now going to vote for Trump, let me guess: you are white, probably male, probably straight, mostly middle to upper middle class and four years of Trump's mysogyny, racist, homophobic, xenophobic tomfoolery will not affect you much, if at all. Way to go, asshats.
Trump is worse though. Bernie got the DNC to make their platform very closely reflect his and I'd rather have the DNC nominate new Supreme Court justices than Trump and the RNC. 
Sanders has sold out. I understand building party unity but this can't be the same guy who spoke to Spokane last Spring. That guy would have joined the Green party ticket and not compromised his principles. I won't be voting for HRC 
But it will sway them, sway them towards Trump that is.
If Trump wins, he'll get to pick potentially three new Supreme Court Justices setting a liberal agenda back, potentially, into our the adulthoods of our children. That's one of the things that scares me into trying to protect the future with my vote.

I'm really hoping something goes incredibly poorly for Hillary at the convention and we still end up with Bernie as our candidate.
A brash buffoonish braggart is a better choice for president than someone that tries to rig an election.
People who think the world will end because of a trump presidency are mistaken. I like that this article addresses this. Even if trump wins, sure America will be internationally criticized, but it's not like we aren't already. The world keeps spinning.
No shit. Sanders campaign was anti-corruption, Hillary won through corruption. As such I cannot vote for her. Parties be damned.
 If you're a Bernie supporter who doesn't do everything in your power to stop Trump from becoming president you have seriously questionable political convictions. Boo, scream, yell, make a ruckus, whatever..but in the end we can't risk Trump nominating 3-4 Supremes. It would fuck this country for decades. If you care at all about what Bernie has been saying you'll follow his example, hold your nose, and pull the level for the best available option. Don't abandon the revolution, but please don't shoot it in the foot either.
The DNC and Hillary are trying to pigeonhole Sanders supporters with this asinine, offensive statement.  Sanders supporters are people who actually *value* their vote and generally speaking, aren't willing to spend it on the corrupt and powerful.
I wanted Sanders to be president, but I will vote for Clinton. I won't like it, but I'll do it. If she wins, I won't celebrate her win. I'll celebrate Trump's loss.

There may be checks and balances, but the next president will probably nominate several SCOTUS justices, and Trump, among many other terrible things, has said we should do more racial profiling. That's a big enough negative for me to want him to stay far from the White House.
Trump says worse, Hillary does worse.
I'm not 'privileged'. Actually, I have nothing to lose, literally. And a Hillary presidency will do nothing to help my situation.
Sometimes you have to take one step backwards to take two steps forward. 
I don't get it. Trump IS so much worse. I am/was/am a Sanders supporter but I knew it was a long shot that he'd win, and I knew that I'd vote for Hilary if he didn't because Trump is an evil psychopath who is better off dead and will actively hurt my family/grandparents ( I am of Indian non-Muslim heritage in and around NYC). 

Why would anyone want to put him in office? I get that everyone is pissed, but can't we just use this momentum as a platform for a Warren ticket or something in the next election cycle?

Trump is fucking evil and I am worried sick he will win.

edit: went back and read the article (sorry). I understand the system of checks and balances, but there are a couple issues. First off, you are essentially putting a lot of trust in Democrats for mid term elections. They historically do not come out as much as Republicans in mid terms, and this will affect Trump's ability to nominate a Supreme Court Justice and get them approved.

On top of that, putting that piece of shit Trump in office only stands to normalize the racist, bigoted, and xenophobic attitudes people have. This is a very tangible affect, though it's difficult to quantify. It's pure regression, and does nothing to help any progressive causes.

Lastly, this article didn't even touch on the foreign policy disaster that Trump would be. Ever wonder why Putin had Russia hack the DNC emails and then leak them before the convention? Why he is motivated to be bold enough to interfere with a US election? BC he knows that Trump winning is a huge coup for Russia, and his willingness to abandon NATO means that Russia will be able to build/re-establish their own sphere of influence in the region, with massive security and economic effects.

I wish Sanders won and I am 100% a Sanders supporter, but can we please just work together to make sure Trump doesn't absolutely destroy our country? If this was 2012 and it was Romney, things would be different, but this is a different beast altogether.
Trump *isn't* worse anyway. 
Hillary and Trump are the 1%, they are both the enemy of the people, and Democracy. If Trump is as bad as everyone says, we should easily be able to vote him out in 2020. However if Hillary is elected, we see that there is NO WAY IN F-ING HELL the corrupt DNC isn't going to have her run in 2020. So that means we are stuck with her until 2024?! NO F-ing thanks. No way. The vast majority of people will be just fine if either piece of shit is elected. So I'm going with the one I can get out in 2020--- Please don't say that I am a secret Trump supporter or not a Democrat. I have been a Democrat for 24 years and have contributed to Bernie Sanders for at least 8 YEARS. I follow politics. I know what I'm doing. I'm going Green because it's going to be a F of a lot easier building up a new party than to get the money and corruption out of the Dems. #DemExit July 29th, It's a real thing. Unless Dems plan on just cheating in the election like they did in the primary, they should be very worried. I hope for Stein to win, but I would be fine with her "Nadering" it for Hillary.
I've cast protest votes for 48 years. It hasn't worked. I felt the Bern, but I'm gonna get over it, hold my nose, and vote Clinton.
Let's be clear, Bernie did NOT just say "Trump is worse". He listed reason after reason why Hillary Clinton needs to be our next president.
It shouldn't sway anyone to support Clinton. But it should sway you to vote for her. The key part about the lesser of two evils argument is that it's the fucking LESSER. We lost, it sucks but fuck don't intentionally make things worse because you didn't get what you wanted. I heard Stephen Colbert use a similar analogy to this a week ago. When you ask for a Coke and the waiter says is Pepsi ok, even if you'd compare Clinton to diet zero sugar pepsi you still wouldn't order a glass of vomit right?
It swayed me. The Revolution continues, even if it's with Hillary as the nominee. 
Time after time this sub put all its stock into ever-vanishing wishful thinking.

The Leaks were going to make a last-minute nom switch for Bernie.

Prior to that, the FBI was going to indict.

Earlier, Superdelegates were going to look at polling and get spooked.

And Bernie was going to fight all the way to the convention and never endorse.

Also, California was going to be a landslide for Bernie.

Before that, NY was the hometown advantage and last stand.

At every step, this sub downvoted anything that remotely smelled like realism. While "Trump is Worse" shouldn't sway anyone, it will. It has, and it will continue to. And it even might not be enough to prevent a Trump victory. But that's another battle.

Ultimately one thing is for sure - anyone with a clear head will be downvoted.

Never understimate the fear motivation. The Dems are going full tilt, billion dollar on it. It's their only chance. Busters make up a small faction of dems. Withhold your support with pride, but don't pretend it will factor.
[removed]
Yep I know I'm privileged.  
And it shouldn't because it's pure conjecture as to who will be worse.
Absolutely true. But I do tend to disagree with his policies quite a bit. As an issues based voter I think that should be more than enough to vote the other way.
but, guys, your schoolmarm wants you to believe this. change your mind before I start the next guilt-trip.
Trump and Hillary are the same big money BS. 

Sorry, but everyone should vote for whoever they think would be best. 

Don't let the DNC or GOP give you only 1 choice. 
That's because it's not a policy or a plan. It's nothing. And it's depressing to me that this is really their main push now. After many months of suggesting he was a meaningless threat, he's their main draw for asking for support and money. The party basically ensured this outcome through sheer ineptitude and then wants to blame everyone else. In my experience, if you come across people like that in your daily life you stop associating with them. You don't reward them with decision power and money.
Dear DNC;

Trump is so horrible, then why you have to nominate a candidate who can barely beat him, whose corruption and lying,cheating and breaking the laws are proven. Surely you do not believe corruption, lying,cheating and breaking the laws are wonderful things to do. 
Sanders sold out. 
This is true even when Sanders says it.  That doesn't make it right.  That makes him wrong.  Sorry, Bernie, but I'm not sorry if Clinton loses the general election.
Ok. You don't buy his points but you trust the group that just used Hispanics with their Taco Bowl Engagement, or, DNC CFO calling out bernies faith?
I've been saying this for a year to my Facebook friends.  They don't want to hear it.
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CoTmvmiWAAEldlZ.jpg:large
Sanders screwed up.
Truly the worse election of recent times,  everyone is crying idiot for someone using their freedom of voting. Don't like it move to Russia 
I think this woman says it best:[ Claudia Stauber - a Bernie Delegate](https://www.facebook.com/claudia.stauber/videos/10208776020210828/)

And they say we are all young white males...
Can I sway all of them to vote for third parties?
Stopped reading the article when it said our checks and balances system would prevent Trump's ideas from doing any damage. Trump would set our country back at least 6 years. You can screw up America pretty bad without legislative support. This is a joke opinion piece.
Ian Millhiser is a douche.
[removed]
Hillary Clinton also understands that millions of seniors, disabled vets and others are struggling with the outrageously high cost of prescription drugs and the fact that Americans pay the highest prices in the world for their medicine. She knows that Medicare must negotiate drug prices with the pharmaceutical industry and that drug companies should not be making billions in profits while one in five Americans are unable to afford the medicine they need. The greed of the drug companies must end.

This election is about the leadership we need to pass comprehensive immigration reform and repair a broken criminal justice system. Its about making sure that young people in this country are in good schools and at good jobs, not in jail cells. Hillary Clinton understands that we have to invest in education and jobs for our young people, not more jails or incarceration.

In these stressful times for our country, this election must be about bringing our people together, not dividing us up. While Donald Trump is busy insulting one group after another, Hillary Clinton understands that our diversity is one of our greatest strengths. Yes. We become stronger when black and white, Latino, Asian-American, Native American  all of us  stand together. Yes. We become stronger when men and women, young and old, gay and straight, native born and immigrant fight to create the kind of country we all know we can become.
My fear is that if Trump gets in, Bernie will get the blame. I think that's the worst possible outcome.
I really, really would have liked to see Sanders win - that said how can folks continue to call themselves Sanders supporters when Sanders himself has said that he is throwing his support behind Clinton - and they won't do that?
Nope
So fuck off and let us vote our conscience, mind your own business and vote yours.

Maybe [this](http://i.imgur.com/LdaHzMr.jpg) will ...
It's a shame that the Republicans had to nominate the worst candidate in recent history (maybe in US history).  If they had nominated someone like Kasich, I'd be fine allowing them to win to send a message to the Democratic party that this is unacceptable.  However, with Trump, I'm not sure that I can do that.
Why even fight anymore? 

Honestly I really dislike Trump and the things he stands for, but I'll put it this way:

I could magically lower the voting age, then run the most incredible campaign ever and get every single man, woman, and child to vote for Trump and Hillary would *still* win. 

The powers that be want a Hillary, so they'll get Hillary. 
if you were offered a s*** sandwich or pissed on cheerios, any sane person would say no thank you to both. but in politics, we say, "well at least it's not a s*** sandwich" and eat the pissed on cheerios while convincing others it's good and they should have some too
[removed]
Anyone interested in starting protests with the aim of calling forward a constitutional convention? The largest purpose of which would be changing our voting system from "First past the post" to "Single Transferable Vote". This would make third parties completely viable.

[CGP does a great video on single transferable vote](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8XOZJkozfI)
https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4urfvr/tony_brasunas_on_twitter_yes_confirmed_all_700800/
*Who would you rather prefer - Dahmer our Gacy?* How about neither.
It should, you cowards. 
I know this will get buried but I need to say it.

That sign has upside-down M's for W's. The A is backward. The 1st N is turned 180, but the N in Bernie is correct. /r/mildlyinfuriating
Fear is a great tactic used to sway you from using your own rights. You have the right to vote! Don't let fear sway you from voting with your conscience! As soon as you think your vote is being thrown away, your vote already doesn't count. Make it count! Stop acting with fear.
I just can't see how people think Trump is any worse than Hillary. Hillary is known to be racist. Hillary is a puppet for anyone that has money. Russia, Saudi Arabia, etc... Trump might be an idiot, but he doesn't have proven track record of lying and simply being wrong when it counts. 

I'm not voting for either. Gary Johnson is getting my vote, don't really care for him, but maybe it will help break this 2 party system.

"Fake left and turn right" I was just noticing that that the arrow in her logo points right. 
I'd say their in parity.
I'm not convinced Trump would be worse. In some ways, yes. He would obviously be worse. But in the biggest and most important way Hillary would be more of a threat to our country - her obvious lack of respect for rules and laws and her propensity to do/say whatever the hell she wants to get what she wants. She is willing to use her power to silence opposition. **That is terrifying.**
Im going to reply to the first thing you wrote, because i could t read past it.  How are you criticizing Trump for not wanting to back certain NATO allies when the US pays their fair share for NATO. Secondly, why are you not criticizing the Obama administration for not paying dues to the UN? Lastly, you cannot make the comparison between the US payment for UN to the US payment in NATO. In short, you are trying to refute my argument by comparing it to something another presidential administration is doing. We do not know where Mr. Trump stands with the UN
Bernie is a fraud and a sellout. You have all been duped into believing in this conman.
Trump isn't as corrupted as Hillary is. 
I watched several hours of speeches yesterday. I saw very little of "she is better than Trump" and a whole lot of why she is a good candidate. Did you watch Booker? Warren? Obama?

Trump was created by the political shitshow that is the wall street Democrats.

Electing Hillary doesn't solve anything, things will certainly get worse with either candidate. We might actually have a chance at a third party victory.

Regardless, what we really need is a revolution. We need to abolish our "democracy" in order to create an actual democracy. All political actions should be directed towards this long term goal.
Good because Hillary is worse.
Positive reasons to vote for HRC: 

-supreme court nominations

-healthcare reform

-education reform

-minimum wage laws

-Citizens United

-foreign policy experience

-Trumps utter lack of realistic policy proposals versus someone who has expansive experience in governance

-HRC stands with POC and has for decades

-HRC has the ability to pass legislation because she understands the process, not so with Trump
I might be completely alone in this sentiment but Trump is just about the most disastrous candidate for US president we've perhaps ever seen, although George Wallace comes to mind as comparable. The man is a complete psychopath who would throw me in jail just for saying that if he could have it his way. The problem is that third party candidates aren't in the position to win a presidential election. They aren't even on the ballot in many states. There are steps you have to take to get these third parties mainstream. You have to get their candidates winning small, local elections first and then moving upwards. They won't just all of a sudden win the presidential election. It's a bummer but it's how things are.  

The dark and grim reality that we all have to face up to is that by either voting third party or abstaining you're indirectly supporting Trump. People have no idea what this guy is like or what he's capable of. He manipulates people into gaining their support and he's extremely good at doing so. Hillary can't do that - and it will be substantially more challenging for her to win over undecided voters. Hillary is no good at all, but Trump is completely unpredictable and dangerous.  

I hate the fact that this is the current state of affairs but it's collectively our fault. We got ourselves into this situation, and we're now going to have to deal with the harsh consequences. We'll all be sorry if Trump wins this thing.    
to me they are basically the same. two shitty people just in different forms
Trump is worse, but it's a question of how much. The problem many of us have is that, if the DNC is just gonna use the superdelegates to prevent any progressive candidate from ever being elected, it probably would be better to let a really bad republican win and do some brand-damage for their party, while teaching democrats they need to nominate more progressive candidates if they want the progressive vote, and culling a lot of the third way DLC crap out of the party.

That is a reasonable play, and if we can be sure that's what would happen, then I'd be down for it.

Of course, if Trump is so bad that we won't be having elections anymore after this, then it is worth keeping him out. And I previously had this opinion, until last week essentially. Now... with Clinton's VP pick, and hiring Debbie Wasserman Schultz onto her campaign staff, and more details about the DNC's efforts to turn the primary into a coronation emerging... this is a really low point for the Clinton camp and even I, someone who's argued to vote for the lesser evil vociferously before this week, am rethinking that.

If Clinton did things to inspire confidence we could expect some good policies from her, we'd feel better about it. But that's not what's happening right now. Quite the opposite.
Why has the Sanders for President thread been hijacked by Trump people! We will stand together no matter what kind of Republican propaganda you throw at us! I went to many BERNIE rally's and we are a strong compassionate and intelligent bunch of folks,,,, it won't work!
I can't believe there are some Sanders supporters that are voting for Clinton after all that has happened. Voting for her bc she isn't trump is playing right into their game of voting for the lesser evil. Vote for Stein or abstain from voting this election season. Don't be forced to "fall in line" behind Clinton just because of a potential Trump presidency. If you vote for Clinton, that's also voting for this rigged system!!!
Isn't that basically what Sanders himself is saying though?
After listening to all the speeches last night, I was pleasantly surprised to discover how much I like Make-believe Hillary Clinton. She definitely won my vote. 
It's not an automatic stipulation that you have to vote for Trump if you don't vote for Hillary. If you'd rather not have to choose between a vapid, narcissistic lunatic and a smug, underhanded criminal, there are always other options. Vote your conscience. Voting is voting, it's a choice. Never should you vote because you feel like you have no choice.
I genuinely (seriously no sarcasm) do not understand this strong persistent protest against Hillary by Bernie supporters. I am saying this as an outsider. I am not even American. I have been living in your country for the past 3 years for college on visa although I have been following US politics much longer than that. I am very curious about what you think and I hope that you guys read it before down-voting it.


First of all if you are going to vote for Trump aren't you defying (hell maybe even betraying) your own candidate. Bernie stands together with Trump on almost no major issues, furthermore he even himself states that Trump is a great danger to this country. I can not even imagine how a Bernie supporter can vote for Trump and I assume theses people are little to none.


If you are not going to vote for both of the candidates aren't you also refusing to exercise your most significant fundamental democratic right. I know how Americans are proud that their country and people are free. I also like to believe that Americans love their democracy as much as their freedom. In a true democracy a country is not owned or ruled by a person or a party, it is owned and ruled by it's people. You as a citizen exercise this through by voting for the candidate with values that is most parallel to yours. If you are not voting, in my opinion you are refusing your part in your countries future. If you do not vote, again in my opinion you have no right to question or complain about anything that happens in your country until the next election. Let's face it, United States (unfortunately!?!?) only has 2 political parties so any vote that does not go either way have the same impact as not voting.


Bernie is my favorite candidate by a large margin also. I deeply believe ideas and proposed changes/plans for America are truly revolutionary and can push this nation forward in to a better future. But I also think that revolutionary change won't happen overnight. This is the first time such revolutionary ideas make a significant appearance in US politics through a great politician. It might have lost this battle to establishment candidates but surely this can not be the end. I believe that the story of Sanders, his supporters and his ideas is a success story even though he lost the primary. Not many believed that he will get this far yet you guys proved them wrong by making him a candidate with a solid shot for presidency. Now it is important that you guys do not let all the effort you put in for the past years or so does not go to waste completely. I understand that using a scare tactic to force (even manipulate?!) you to vote for Hillary is further alienating you from Dem Party. That is why I think if you vote for her you should vote because she will be the president that will listen to you the most and she will be the president that will push your agenda (relatively) the most. More importantly you guys should start preparing for 2020 NOW! Change takes a lot time and effort and although 2016 was a good start I'd like to believe that it was merely a signal of a much bigger and stronger movement...

Also, quick question but doesn't hillary's inner circle look remarkably similar to a certain old white bag?

Oh Right, Hillary grouchy old white woman who feels entitled to job of president and will crush anyone in her path. Who's on her squad? Elizabeth Warren an old white grouchy lady. Who else? Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the a grouchy white lady who rigged the entire party on behalf of Hillary, and screwed everyone else. She also has Bill Clinton an old white womanizer. 
Well Something I don't understand. I respect Sanders and if he asks me to support Hillary with him I will. If Sanders can stand behind Hillary united after everything that has happened. WHY CAN'T YOU! I'm an Atheist Sanders voter I'm not happy with the emails but that's the game we play in politics and I respect Sanders enough to support him in his decision to support Hillary no matter what. If she's good enough for Sanders she's good enough for me, because the alternative is a monster like we have never seen...Trump!
People voted for Nader in 2000 to teach the DNC a lesson, and stick it to a Clinton. Look how that turned out...
i can understand the frustration of sanders supporters wanting to vote 3rd party, as well as the logic of people voting for hrc to avoid ww3 scenarios, but the people who are going to spite vote for trump never gave a shit about what bernie actually said and wanted/wants for us, the people, that includes minorities and the disadvantaged, in the first place. trump and his entire platform is the complete opposite of bernie's and there is justice for no one if trump is elected. people will truly suffer, and it's going to be minorities and the working poor who will be hit first and the hardest, the very people bernie cares about protecting and giving equity to.
It might away my vote if I thought for a second that Hillary was the lesser evil. I'm not though.

And even if she IS the lesser evil, Trump is such an obvious evil that he will be restrained by those around him while Hillary is the sort of evil that gets those around her to play along. And while that may not be "worse" it certainly is the more productive of the two evils, and thus the more damaging.

Trump is going to be like giving a person a gun and sending him into a crowd with a shirt with big text "I have a gun and want to hurt you". Hillary is a sniper on the roof picking off targets with impunity and we have no way of stopping it, short of never letting it get on the roof.
Wow Americans are dumb.  Gonna elect Donald Trump lmao
Bernie has always been about facts and policies. I'm hearing a lot of emotion and angry rhetoric from fellow Bernie supporters about how everything has unfolded. That is fair and I felt deeply disillusioned and am still not happy. 
But there is absolutely no reason to vote for Trump. You will be channeling the same anger and hatred that he has been using to appeal to his current base. It is not a logical choice, and is purely emotional.
Trumps not worse...
This is true, but it feels like a lot of Sanders supporters are getting manipulated by Trump supporters. It's really sad to see them get played.
When you see all these steadfast Sanders supporters, or Jill Stein supporters, or whomever supporters, refusing to vote Hillary because she's "Just as Bad", there is one thing you'll see in common: these people are coming from a place where Clinton's tricky behind-the-scenes machinations present an equal amount of danger as Trump's actual policy ideas. I'd argue that that is a place of privilege, and is not the case for all of us:

**Clinton may be "just as bad" *for you* because you're not going to experience what it's like to be a minority under a President who uses your group as a cultural/racial scapegoat for America's problems.**

Clinton may be "just as bad" *for you* because your immigrant parents won't be snatched up from your house in the middle of the night, never to be seen again, because "[these are people that shouldn't be in our country](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-tells-supporters-we-need-to-take-back-the-heart-of-our-country/2015/07/11/066aecf2-27dd-11e5-b77f-eb13a215f593_story.html)".

Clinton may be "just as bad" *for you* because you don't live near a potential fracking site and you won't have to deal with your water and air being contaminated when environmental laws and the EPA are gutted because global warming is a "[Chinese Conspiracy](https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/265895292191248385?lang=en)."

Clinton may be "just as bad" *for you* because you won't be stuck with a kid you can't raise from a rape or accidental pregnancy, because abortions will have been made illegal, because the president "[wants to protect the sanctity of life](http://www.ontheissues.org/2016/Donald_Trump_Abortion.htm)

Clinton may be "just as bad" *for you* because you already went to school, or can afford private school, and won't have to deal with an understaffed and underfunded, public school system because the [Department of Education has been eliminated](http://www.edweek.org/ew/articles/2016/03/09/envisioning-education-policy-under-a-president-donald.html).

Clinton may be "just as bad" *for you* because you don't live in a major city, so you're not threatened by being vaporized in World War III because Trump is [open to dropping nuclear bombs on other countries](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/donald-trump-open-to-nuclear-retaliation-after-brussels-attack/).

The list goes on.

Clinton may be "just as bad" *for you*, but please think of these other people when you "vote your conscience."
Since this is still a sub for Sanders supporters I'll put a quote from the candidate I support, Sanders

>BERNIE SANDERS: Well, I think what is already happening is that it's clear she(DWS) is not going to be speaking to the convention. That is the right thing. I think right now what we have got to focus on as Democrats is defeating perhaps the worst Republican candidate that I have seen in my lifetime. Donald Trump would be a disaster for this country. He must be defeated.

>We've got to elect Secretary Clinton on every single issue: fighting for the middle class on health care, on climate change, is a far, far superior candidate to Trump. That's where I think the focus has got to be.


I accept the downvotes from the trump trolls who have infested his sub. But someone ought to post it. 

They're correct. I chose what's best for our nation when I voted for Sanders. When it comes to Hillary and Trump, they're both shit and both will completely fuck over our nation. One will go on various social equality attacks, effecting various minority groups, the other will do her best to start World War III. As far as I'm concerned, Trump will mostly be our problem while Hillary will be the entire world's problem.
The establishment clearly does not understand why Bernie's supporters were voting Bernie in the first place. If their goal was to prevent a Trump presidency, then sure, they will vote for Hillary now because that is the best chance of achieving that goal. However, most of Bernie's supporters goals are to fix a broken system that no longer works for our interests. This is why so many of his supporters are voting anything anti-establishment, whether it is Stein, Johnson, or even Trump. The goal is to send a message that things need to change. Hopefully more Bernie supporters whose goal is to change the system will vote for a third-party candidate so they can obtain federal funding and make the first steps of moving away from this two-party system that tries to force us to chose between Drumpf or Clintont.
Bernie needs to stfu...he's getting on my nerves...
Is Trump really worse?  Really?  I'm no Trump supporter, but it seems odd to me that we have a lying, cheating, do anything to win candidate, and one that's exactly the same but does it behind your back under the guise of "I'm better and he's the boogeyman".

Yeah, yeah, Hillary *says* she'll do lots of things along the lines of Bernie, but to quote Obama "she'll say anything and change nothing".

Hillary supporters made their bed, now they can lie in it.  I'm not making a choice between a turd sandwich or a shit sundae.  I'll sleep better knowing I didn't contribute to this carnival side show.
>The Supreme Court will never approve his proposals that would undermine the Bill of Rights.  
  
That's not how it works. He could write an executive order and then it's in effect until successive lawsuits work their way up through the courts to reach the supreme court. Then they get to decide if they even want to look at it and if they do, there's no guarantee what their verdict will be - the scope or the direction. Especially since Trump will get to nominate a justice if he's elected.
Can one of you berniebros explain to me how Trump is worse then Clinton
There is the most important supreme Court appointment in many years coming up. Trump's appointee will ruin progressive/moderately leftist politics for a generation. 
Trump is worse than worst. Bernie clinger-ons need to heed that warning. Because if we don't defeat Trump, Bernie and his movement will be over. We need to win this election no matter what. For Bernie.

Edit: from the downvotes I could see at least a few in this dying sub really do want Trump as their president. Shame.

I have to unsubscribe to this sub now.
I hope you guys and girls don't lose the election for us.
Speak for yourselfit swayed me and countless other strong Bernie Supporters who were with him from the beginning. 

And I'm not sure if you can call them "Sanders supporters" if they won't support what Sanders himself has said about the situation. 
If they cared about the issues, it would. If they just voted for Bernie to look cool for their polisci 102 classmates, then maybe it's not enough. 

Some people don't have the privilige to let Trump be president. They can't have their wages cut, their benefits gutted, their health insurance stripped from them, their love delegitimized, or their family members snatched in the middle of the night by Trump's immigration gestapo. But to others, it's not enough to champion the most progressive platform in US history, because of emails they never actually read and of which they scarcely understand the context. 
Well, I'll put my answer this way.  If the passion of my fellow Sanders supporters causes Donald Drumpf to win this election, that'll be the end of the movement.  You'll have no protection, no recourse, and no "checks and balances", as the article wrongly states will be in existence.  Sometimes, in American democracy, you have to bite your tongue and make the least-bad choice.  This is one of those occasions.  Then, at least, start from the bottom and work your way up, just like the Tea Party did.  Change local politics, then change regional politics, then the nation.  Letting Trump win is suicidal petulance, nothing more or less.  
It's already swayed LOTS of Sanders supporters.  We are not 1 solid mass.  Many of us are already supporting Hillary - just as Bernie has.
Trump is worse is NOT a compliment. Trump supporters support him due to being a little crazy and out of the box. Plus crazy is not worse than corrupt!
Hell, I've got karma to burn.  And ban me or whatever...

I supported Sanders in the primary, and we won our state.  "Trump is Worse" works for me, at least for the general election vote.  I'm not happy with the reality of our FPTP voting system and would prefer proportional representation, but given that's the current reality, the most rational use of my vote is for Clinton over Trump.  It doesn't make any sense to vote for a third party unless (1) you are indifferent between Clinton and Trump or (2) there's a different coalition that pulls relatively equally from the two major parties.

Move on.  Our corrupt political system ($ for influence) goes far beyond one person, and there's plenty of work to do.

Sanders is going to vote for Clinton in the general.  If you were willing to make him your representative as leader of the free world, why wouldn't you listen to what he has to say on how you should cast your vote in November?  If you believe Sanders himself is doing this to "sell out" his supporters for his own personal interests, then you should have never voted for him in the primaries in the first place.

Politicians aren't just our representatives.  They're also our leaders.  Assuming you share his values and believe his motivations are genuine, he's in a better position than you as a voter to know how best to advance those interests.

You should listen to Bernie Sanders.

Now, go ahead and downvote.
It swayed me. The false equivalence being peddled here is maddening. I live in Texas and if Trump is elected, friends of mine will be rounded up and sent across the border. I could lose people in my life because of the GOP. Yeah Clinton is a sleazy neoliberal but she isn't a potential fascist or white nationalist. One is so clearly worse than the other that I can't take many of you seriously. 
Bernie has lost his damn mind.
So so sick of Republican propaganda! 
swayed me
Break our trust then try and tell us to trust you again? At least trump isn't bought and paid for
\#ImNotWithThem

Swayed me....
How about if Noam Chomsky says it? Yknow, one of the most radical leftists and most vocal critics of neoliberalism?
Why would it?

Bernie supporters stopped listening to Bernie round about the first primary debate, what makes people think they're going to listen to him now?
Hows about the fact that Bernie endorsed Hillary as the Dem nominee. That is enough for me. Why dont people on this sub just listen to what our candidate wants? Why are we all being so selfish? 
Some people don't want to loose their jobs and/or be deported because of their skin color.

Some people don't want to live with 4/8 years of a man who has proven that he cheats, lies and corrupts business and money. 

Some people don't want to live under the administration of a group of politicians who only are there to benefit themselves by hurting the people of this country.
What's worse? Corruption or incompetence. I say the latter. Neither is good. But the latter could have catastrophic results whereas the former will led to the same bs we've been dealing with. And honestly, HRC will continue the path the Obama administration is on, which has been pretty successful considering where it started. A Trump administration will likely shit all over the progress we've made iver the last 8 years.
But we do need to realize that in order to get a tiny portion of our goals done, Hilary's the only one that has a chance left.
Iv been a Bernie supporter for a long time now, I don't agree with Hillary's lying and accepting money from the rich.
The honest truth is we have to vote for Hillary or Donald.. Donald doesn't believe in global warming, he supports guns, he supports big corporations.
Hillary is corrupt but at least she supports some of the progressive ideas Bernie has created. I don't like Hillary but "trump is MUCH worse."
[deleted]
And all due respect to Michelle O for playing the for the children card, but at this point aren't the worst images of Trump coming from Clinton's campaign ads?

So far, that's HRC's entire campaign, fear-mongering and mud-slinging.
It doesn't matter that Trump is worse. Trump didn't cheat us out of one of the best presidential candidates of our era. Trump is the president this country deserves, and I don't mean that in a nice way.
I know. This new bunch of babies that the Sanders rhetoric produced it truly pathetic. They want their way or would rather punish everyone. Like taking their basketball and going home. They truly should never have gotten involved in politics and stayed home watching Seinfled re-runs. 

You would think Sanders would be able to impart to them that they should vote for the Candidate of their party. But I think this new movement of "progressives" are terribly immature and ignorant of the give and take in American politics. They are simply babies who want their bottle and have a tantrum if they can't get their way. Pathetic, entitled horse crap. Go ahead and spit in the fan. When Trump does worse that Bush you can be proud and say " well we stood our ground for Bernie" when you have no job and  can't pay your internet bill.    
I'm voting for Trmp outright and encourage the rest of you to do the same. Hillary, the DNC, and her supporters are living in a bubble where they think everybody is going to buy into the Trmp boogieman Hitler meme and blindly elect Hillary as President while disregarding her disqualifying flaws of character and the rigged system that backed her. Yeah, not happening; Trmp's going to completely mop the floor with Hillary in November. 

The issue here is that Sanders is currently a victim himself of the Trmp boogieman Hitler meme and is thus forced to bend the knee to a rigged system. That's where we his supporters come in. If we make clear that we're voting Trmp outright regardless then he'll be forced to jump back into the race in order to save the Dems from themselves in November. If he continues to be a victim of the Trmp boogieman Hitler meme then he'll be responsible for the inevitable loss in November. We'll get to try again in 2020 with another progressive candidate and will have a fair fight for the first time. Trmp himself was a victim or a rigged system but won. He won't try to censor us the way Hillary and the rigged DNC did.

***Don't you DARE allow yourselves to be shamed or seduced by fear. Disregard the naysayers and continue on without remorse or sympathy.***
Trump is objectively and subjectively worse, and as a Sanders supporter, I will vote for Hillary before I'd ever vote for him or waste my vote on a 3rd-party candidate.
We have 1 option to avert full blown Right Wing Fascism. A vote for anything other than Hillary is a middle finger to the vulnerable in this country.
Sarah Silverman was correct. You are being ridiculous. I'll also add in petty, selfish and childish.
It will sway them. It already has, close to 90%. This happens every cycle. I wish it wasn't true.
I'm worried it's too late to stop Trump now.  We all know Trump is the worst thing that could happen to the world but there's nothing that Hilary could do or say at this point to win enough votes to stop him...
It is for me. Because he is. He is far, far worse.
But seriously. I know Hillary and the rest of Clinton's are just a steaming pile of corrupt shit. But I really do think she would be better than the Trump.  
If we could be swayed by fear tactics then we'd be republicans and likely voting *for* Trump.
When someone says "Trump is worse" reply "And Jill Stein is better."
Well, its true. And at this rate, democrats are going to let Trump win thanks to their pride.
My opinion may not be popular, but I think that once HRC is confirmed there are only two viable results for president.. HRC or DT.  The prevailing wisdom in this sub is that they are both evil.  I think it is reasonable as an individual to vote for one of them if you find one of them to be less evil.  People always say less evil is still evil, which is true.  But if we are going to end up with evil, wouldn't we prefer less evil?  

Saying Trump is Worse or Clinton is Worse are both viable arguments if you accept the above reasoning.
Well it's good enough reason for me to vote for Hillary as an Ohio voter. I'm not happy about it, but it seems the best option is to pressure her into not fucking us over too badly and focusing on smaller levels of politics and activism until we can primary her in 4 years.
[deleted]
Shocker
Yea we know. Nothing will.
I conceded.  I'm supporting Hillary.
Yes it can, it will, and it has.
Speak for yourself. Hillary might be disgustingly establishment, but at least she ain't out there weighing the pros and cons of internment camps. And she DOES support more worker protections and a more robust public sphere than Trump, which means something to me.
Especially if they are actually Trump supporters disguised as Bernies and are here to stir the pot I imagine.
A lot of people who are rating Trump over Clinton, not only don't realize how incredibly dangerous Trump is but also don't know how our electoral system works. 

It was rigged before the election even began, I am 100% not surprised (although extremely disheartened after figuring it all out) and I really don't think anyone else should be. One thing you all need to realize though is that if Bernie couldn't get the nomination then what on this earth in a million years makes you think Jill Stein can win the election with 4% votes? This is the epitome of vote splitting. 

This is my first election and I never have been more disappointed with how much I found out about our electoral system, but by giving your vote away you, completely ruins our chance in every way of changing any of this all.

If anyone paid attention at all last night they would realize that the DNC not only apologized to Bernie (after the chair stepped down) but also made a commitment to campaign finance reform and progressive values. 

Knowing as skeptical as I am, it makes me uneasy these chain of events, but what makes you think that voting for someone other than Clinton will make any of this a reality? If you know anything about how our electoral system works, you would know that 3rd parties don't matter this election and it is too late now. That is why voting for Clinton is so important!!! 

Bernie has committed to ensuring that she stays true to her word, and if you go ahead and throw away your vote, then you kinda just gave up on Bernie and the political revolution which is really really sad.

/rant
I think I'm going to make a "Bern it to the ground" sign to put in my yard.  Trump is an absolutely terrible human being and will make an even worse president, but when the alternative is to acquiesce to a power hungry, corrupt, incorrigible liar that has practically self-appointed herself to the position, I'll choose the burn the motherfucker down option.  At least then maybe we can get started with rebuilding.
Bernie didn't say one word about election fraud or election rigging. You need to fight for that.
We 100% need to fight for ranked-choice voting (a.k.a. instant-runoff voting) as Fairvote calls for. Please read up on it if you're not familiar.

But we also need to push for unhackable voting machines, methods, registration, etc. [This EJUSA report diagnoses the problems](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B6J1ecILnk3UUy1KZ2FUT29iQ1E/view?pref=2&pli=1). Now we must fix them.
assaulted?
That is a pretty thorough background check! Criminal records, Bankruptcies, Employer, social media.. 
[Shawnee Badger, a female Bernie delegate from California was also pushed off a stage by a powerful Hillary delegate](https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1260885223923036&id=100000047128850) 
How Kruel. I'll show myself out
So it is a grand conspiracy. Grabbing her and yelling her was the only weakness they could find.

[removed]
In Missouri, Clinton won the nomination by 49.6% of the vote. Bernie lost at 49.4%. How did our 10 super's vote? ALL FOR CLINTON. I hate this superdelegate crap. 
fuck our democracy
I hope Bernie knows that Hillary's inevitable loss is not his fault.  He did a great service to us all by shining a brilliant spotlight on the problems that he's been fighting for decades.
Did a three year old fill this out 
I think WA state will be worse. He won 73%, but I expect 0% superdelegate support (that's 17 Superdelegates that betrayed us).
Wtf did taz tally do?
Nothing will change until the supers who are elected officials get replaced by people with some integrity. 
What vote is this?
is this the rollvote?
We do not have democracy
The problem with American is Democracy died a while ago and we are all at the wake.
Kimberly Metcalfe announced months ago that she'd be voting HRC, regardless of how the state primary went.
Michigan 88 for clinton 61 for Bernie

Actual results:

[michigan primary results](https://www.google.com/search?q=primary+election+michigan+2016+democatic&oq=primary+election+michigan+2016+democatic&aqs=chrome..69i57.10251j0j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8#q=primary+election+michigan+2016+democratic&eob=m.04rrx/D/2/short/m.04rrx/)
Michigan went to Bernie. I fucking helped make that happen and they give more delegates to Clinton!? Disgusted isn't a strong enough word for how I feel at my state and my country. I am ashamed to call myself an American. I am ashamed I ever wore her uniform. 
I don't see the problem. The whole point of SDs is to prevent us scum from rising too high - they know better than we - learn to love your station!
Guys, wringing our hands over superdelegates completely misses the real issues during the primaries:  

 - DNC bias for HRC
 - Possible election fraud

Had all of the supers voted in line with the (official) vote tallies Sanders still wouldn't have received the nomination. On the other hand, had the DNC followed its own rules and been impartial during the primaries then there's a damned good chance he would have won, and we wouldn't have a nominee who is so distrusted, disliked, and abysmally awful that a POS like *Donald mother-effing TRUMP* might actually be able to beat her and end up as our President.
Alaska: Probably one of the few states allowed to have an honest voting process since their few votes aren't worthy enough of Hillary's time to bother stealing.
How are superdelegates not considered ballot stuffing?

They are essentially people who don't have to listen to the voters, are placed there by the people they are supposed to vote for (cough bias) then free to do as they please.

It would be like me dreaming up 1000 people, and being allowed to cast ballots on their behalf.

This is unreal.
Imagine if electors for the electoral college did this. It would be nuts.
Man, this pisses me off. I caucused for Bernie in AK and the place was on fire for him! There wasn't a single house district where Hillary won! 
I always knew Alaska was cool.  Good job, guys.
Super delegates are not required to vote like their state did. That's why they are *super*delegates, not just normal delegates. This isn't news.
This is why I'm not going to vote. Voting in the USA is a fucking joke.
Bernie wins Michigan, loses in delegates 81-66.  Fuck the Democratic Party 
*Peter* get with the program
tar and feather DWS, then there will be unity
Didn't see that coming.
Primary those assholes
I feel like we are going to see a celebration of every single contest that Bernie won (again) and then nothing when it comes to the rest of the results. 
Start a fucking list of these people and share their names loudly and often.
DEMOCRACY
Do you still not understand what a super delegate is?
Did they vote already?
Superdelegates totally kill democracy.  Most races are going to be within 15% of each other.  When you have 30% of the votes being awarded by a committee, the committee is picking the outcome every time.  
Same story with MN basically.

[This is why super delegates need to go](http://imgur.com/gallery/xE9f7nF)
Oh look, this again!  Too bad we only started catching on halfway through the "election process."
it's a rigged system..
Sanders/Gabbard 2020. I can only hope.
Lol my county that I live in has more delagates than Alaska... 
Vote those traitors out.
[relevant](https://i.redd.it/t3a8ir9njpbx.jpg)
this is the fix in action
You guys do realize that even if super delegates vote proportionally with how their states voted, Hillary still wins, right? In fact, the only way for Bernie to win would be super delegates doing the exact opposite of what those in Alaska did, and voting for Bernie disproportionally from how their state voted for him, the very thing you are complaining about. Down vote me to hell, but the hypocrisy is crazy here.
Shame on them.
Are the super-delegates already voting?
But they're fixing this for the next election so we should be happy, right?
14 for Bernie

Thank you Alaska
[removed]
Who the heck cares? You're now complaining about 3 supers from Alaska? Why not complain about the southern states Bernie's campaign effectively ignored that gave Clinton hundreds of more pledged delegates? Bernie endorsed her. I'm surprised all the supers didn't vote for her.

Supers were always going to vote for the pledged delegate leader, and thus they did.
Can this sub make up its mind?

If superdelegates choose Sanders as the nominee and he wins that means that superdelegates would have NOT voted with their state. Clinton won more states so if they followed those rules she would absolutely definitely win. 

But this sub has been demanding the superdelegates nominate Sanders. 

Which is it?

Vote Sanders and nominate him or vote with your state?!
Here's a question for you.

What do you want them to do? Vote the way their state does? Hillary wins.

Vote their conscience and over turn the will of the people? Bernie wins, but it would take a lot of people voting against their state results to make that happen, and you don't seem to like it when people vote differently than their state did.

So I guess I don't get it.

These are people that for the most part still need to have a political career. You can't expect them to come out against Hillary. It's just not a reasonable expectation.

But again, even if all the supers voted exactly the way their states did, she still wins, so what's it matter?

I abhor the idea of the supers, but I didn't set the rules. Getting mad that they are allowed to vote the way they want is odd to me. Don't like it, then work to get that rule changed.

Maybe I am missing something.
who cares
Aren't you the same people asking superdelegates to overturn the decisions of voters? Do you not find it hypocritical to then criticize those that are "voting their conscience" as you guys have repeatedly begged them to do (except for Bernie)?
Remember, their job isn't to follow public will. They are not (At least in their role at super) elected representatives. Their job is to maintain the party's status quo at all cost. The DNC made their stance on Bernie and Hillary pretty clear when Tulsi Gabbard has to step down as vice chair just to support one of the party's candidates. They will continue to screw people over until the end of time.
There were only 16 delegates dispersed between Sanders and Clintion. Alaska is irrelevant regardless because it only has 3 allocated points in the Electoral College.
Those reporters are sure trying to sensationalize everything, this video is depicting peaceful protests. 

It's starting to sound like propaganda at this point. It's hard to tell the pigs from the humans. 
Surprised the media didn't spin it to something as ignorant as:
"BREAKING: Sanders supporters give up on protests as a Mewtwo is sighted in Pokemon Go, prompting delegates to chase."
"A *mlange* of frustrations and protests...."

fucking puh-lease
>  "It is truly unfortunate that this has been organized"

Uh? What? It's unfortunate that people want to demonstrate democracy? I'm confused here.
At least Fox is covering the protest, CNN didnt cover anything and will spin anything into unity
First they came for Nina Turner...   

One by one they will pick us off on the left until it is no more. 

The corporate fascist Dem party will be nearly as bad as the authoritarian fascist Rep party, while being nearly impossible to fight because it wears the guise of social good so effectively.

No matter how shitty the DNC treats you Nina, you will always be one of the heroes of the Political Revolution.


So they crap upon hundreds of Bernie's super-volunteers, take away delegates Bernie signs, cut Nina and Rosario out of Bernie's video, apparently strip both of their credentials and their online army continues to piss all over Bernie supporters.  I get it. Unity.
Nina is great. Clearly they are afraid of her - this will only fire her up more. I hope she gets a lot of interviews over the next few days.
This is what democracy looks like! Where is the outrage! We must do our part to buoy her up in her courageous fight for us all! 
Ben Jealous tweeted out that it's not true.  Shaun King and Roseanne Demoro both said they spoke with her and she's upset.  I'm inclined to believe King and Demoro, but don't understand why Jealous would say otherwise.
Run as an independent Nina and we will see if Clinton still holds her "firewall" in the South...
Ben Jealous, who first endorsed Bernie, is now saying this is not true. Maybe we should wait until Nina confirms or denies.
Good and bad news. Looks like Nina disrespected but kept credentials.

https://twitter.com/ShaunKing/status/758169348754268163
[removed]
I did.  Know I am recentered and ready to keep on keeping on
Apathy is what they want. 

"Fall down seven times, stand up eight." 
this is probably the first election in a long time that people were THIS amped over AND was THIS contentious.  Fuck yeah people are depressed over the outcome.
I'm left feeling heart broken as well... We'll dust ourselves off though, this is Our Revolution!!
Sure.  it doesn't help that the mods have decided to shut down this sub.
**Do not go gentle into that good night**

Dylan Thomas, 1914 - 1953

https://www.poets.org/poetsorg/poem/do-not-go-gentle-good-night

This made me feel better (well a little worse at first). But I've decided to try and start to help support the Green party and though the path is longer, I will not let the light die.
Nope, I'm focused on Plan B getting Tim, Zephyr, Dan, Phil, Deborah, Russ and other similar candidates to win their races.

Skip the president race
I'll be depressed if Clinton or Trump become President.  Right now, I'm feeling real GREEN, but not blue.
I am elated, so far we have accomplished no small feat. The promos of tomorrow is anew and now we are battle scares and experienced. This campaign was never about 2016, instead it was about 3016 and every year inbetween. We've shown the world we are a force that cannot be taken lightly and we are here to stay. So rest for the day but tomorrow is our right.
I am absolutely depressed about it. Crushed. I was so hopeful and spent so much time and effort on his campaign. But I do have a sliver of hope that the world is going to change because of the people like us, especially the millennials that Bernie woke up. 
yep :(
Yes. I feel you. I dropped the Democratic Party. Even the RNC didn't choose their candidate. The voters did. Hillary won BECAUSE the DNC made sure she did. You can't TRUST her. A third party candidate is who I'm choosing. Remember, NO PRESIDENT has the power to force his ideology on the country. Congress does. Find local and state representatives that embrace the platform that made us passionate. Inspiration and changing the narrative is what Bernie did. He started a political revolution. We lost the first battle. If we give up the corruption remains. We know what we are fighting for is authenticity, truth, integrity, and a change. It's still possible. 
We know what's broken now. We are better off for it but he always said WE were what was needed for change. The DNC just threw the first  punch. Get up. Wipe the blood and tears away. Then do whatever you can to get this changed. 
I'm definitely feeling depressed. But I'm coming around. Slowly but surely. Stupid Clinton is slowly going to get my dumb vote. But I want to hear from Bernie. I want more guidance on how the hell we can go about watching Clinton like fucking HAWKS. I want Bernie back as our leader. Telling us what we need to do. Specifics. I'm ready to continue the revolution. That's the only way I can vote for Clinton. Trump has to be stopped. He simply does. I'm still trying to figure out how I can possibly vote for a party (let alone its leader) when that vote tells them I condone their behavior. I do not. And will never. What they have done is absolutely dispicable. And it's this problem that keeps pulling me back in to despair.  I'd like it if Bernie would address that for us. Talk to us Bernie. We need to hear from you. You've given their speech. Now talk to us again like the old days. Your people are scattering. United we were so strong. We nearly beat the giant in his rigged game. And as we scatter like this we are losing everything. And that's how they win. The games not over until Trump ends WWIII with a flash of light seen across the solar system. So take a breath. Gather your thoughts. Air your grievances. And let's regroup. Someone start a new sub. I'd do it but I haven't the foggiest idea how to go about it. This is important. Sticking together is the only way to keep our strength. 
Yes.  You are not the only one.  

I've lost sleep over the past few nights, chewing over stuff in my head.  
I'm with you on creating the greatest political party the country has ever seen, however, I must diverge from your agenda regarding Clinton.  To each their own.
[removed]
At this time I will not vote for Hillary.
> "sadly we have to vote for her and listen to the DNC."

I'd rather have Trump for four years to make sure the Democrat Party elite know that what they've done is unacceptable.
[deleted]
Less than 100 years ago I wouldn't have had the right to vote. Don't fucking tell me who I "have" to vote for. It's offensive.
I will never vote for Hilary! Hilary is fundamentally different then the platform that Bernie ran. Have you forgotten what Bernie stood for???!!! Have you seen what the DNC has been doing to Bernie supporters, silencing them and throwing them out? The DNC blatantly took Hilary's side and tried to help take down Bernie. The best way to promote change is by not voting for Hilary and leaving the party. You shouldn't be basing your vote off of fear, that is the type of campaign Trump is running. If Hilary loses that would send a clear message to the DNC, and maybe even change. If we don't do something now it will never happen again. The movement will die out and be forgotten. 


Here is a reminded of how different Hilary is to Bernie:




https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eEfxalQNwKY



https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWeRc7qmMEs
r/nprogparty
As an ex bernie supporter (donated $100), I came across a Liberitarian podcast and never looked back. Do yourself a favor, google 'Liberitarian'. We need less government, not more.
A beautiful speech as well.  Really love Tulsi
She really earned herself a lot of trust and respect this election cycle. She left the DNC before most of the fraud was discovered and leaked.

She has a bright career ahead of her. Would be a great VP for Sanders. 
they just want a rubberstamp so nobody can say it was rigged

Apparently bernie won the first round lol

https://twitter.com/realkingrobbo/status/758021363236036608
Could someone please explain this to me? She made this announcement, although she's no longer with the DNC, and headlines started popping up that Bernie has been "formally nominated for President at the convention". Now we have results saying Hillary is the official nominee?
Tulsi is the future. Brought me to tears seeing her stand so strong and not calling for us to unite. Forward for Bernie. 
we love you tulsi!
She was the only one that genuinely seemed to be nominating him.
Can we make a Tulsi for President 2020 sub?  
This is just a nomination process. It is all just a circus act. I believe "hijacked" is the word that comes to mind.
It's ceremonial only
Can this nominating process change anything or is it just for show?
I read this as Tulsi being still alive despite nominating Bernie, lol. 

My brain missed the word campaign
Is it more of a gesture, or will this really have any effect at all?
She got ahead of the curve.   She knows the Hill era is on fire and going down fast.   She stood true to her beliefs and wouldn't pander.

She's helped set herself up for bigger things in the future.   It's nice to know the next generation isn't all Hill clones.
Agree with Jeff to some extent. Working within the Party makes sense if the DNC is reformed, primaries opened and super-delegates eliminated.  We'll have to see how that goes.
Where, Jeff, is the outrage over those DNC leaks? DWS was offered a cushy job at the top of HRC's campaign, which shows that HC was part of the subterfuge. This feels like such a betrayal.
A real progressive right there.
He has a high position waiting for him if the Secretary wins. I think this ended up being part of his and the Senators deal with the Secretaries campaign. Weaver's shift was pretty starling. Bet he'll never ask about those transcripts again...
They have a love/hate relationship with us. They love our vote, but hate our political desires.
Citizen, are you attempting to have fun here?  To make a humorous post disparaging our mighty Queen and Overlord?

Please stay right where you are.  Your friendly neighborhood moderator will be around soon to restore order.  Please take the door on your right to submit to your voluntary retraining, otherwise a Unity Officer will arrive shortly to provide you with the appropriate "encouragement." 
"The line must be drawn here! This far, no further!"
-Captain Picard
Oh man, this was the laugh I desperately needed tonight. Thank you!
... and for a time, I was tempted by her offer.
The message is disturbing. But damn if that isn't some fine photoshop work.
Lol the DNC needs someone to sign the TPP if Hill gets impeached. Like they would let us actually have a choice. 
This is an OUTRAGE!

Bernie, Bernie?  We need to hear from you.  Where do YOU stand on this?  Use the power that we shared with you.  Be determined and be strong.  The time is clearly NOW.  As one of your heroes once said so eloquently, "There is nothing to fear but fear itself."

Jeff W., how can this be?  If ever we needed you to stand up for THE PEOPLE, the time is now!  It is time to step it up, and do your thing.  Do what must be done and know that your efforts are appreciated. 

PLEDGED DELEGATES -  You are Simply The Best!  You conviction, your strength, your unity behind the progressive cause will be long remembered NOT just by all of us but by the world entire.  You ALL make us so very proud.

SUPER DELEGATES - I encourage you to take a good hard and long look at the choice you are about to make.

In a time of urgent need and crisis, you will certainly be judged on the basis of doing the convenient and following orders,
or perhaps you will show the courage and the decency that lives in your soul and stand up for your country, its people and the ideals upon which this nation was founded.
These people are scum. 
Full disclosure: I am a Trump supporter, but back in 2012 I saw the RNC pull the same shenanigans against Ron Paul in silencing his *many* delegates at their convention.

What the DNC is doing is a travesty to all of Democracy. You stand on the quality of your candidates. If your delegation doesn't like them, that's on you. You don't get to just silence them to achieve your agenda.
What? Why would you even want to submit an alternate VP? 

Sanders is more useful as a senator then a VP who would be beholden to Clinton. 
the corrupt enabling the corrupt...
#Party united! Voters divided! 
Ugh, when will these lame Berners take the hint and go home? They're like the weird kid who comes to the party and wants to fix things and put out the fires in the kitchen. It's like jesus, chill out man, go with the flow. What lamers. 

/sarcasm
I'm not American, but I'd vote, and volunteer for Bernie, but I don't understand why all the sanders supporters are/have put up so much crap, without law suits, police etc.
Isn't your candidate worth fighting for? 
Isnt it the case that no alternatives have even come forward?

Unity.
Not true! More Republican propaganda! Please please please stop playing us for fools! 
https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4urfvr/tony_brasunas_on_twitter_yes_confirmed_all_700800/
Seeing all the posts about his delegates being silenced by the DNC but not seeing anything about him coming out in their defense. Wtf is going on?
Listen I understand Bernie making s choice for Hillary **but** he needs to do it *his* way.. Following Hillary marching orders and ignoring the fraud doesn't help.
I don't think that Bernie wants to be VP. He has a lot more power in the Senate.
But, you know, vote for Clinton, right? 
[deleted]
I agree completely.
I wish it would stay open as Bernie's Revolution so we can learn about who is good to vote for in local elections and congress / senate
Agree, great sentiment. Change the name of the sub to SandersRevolution or something, but this is an important sub. 
I agree fully. The trolls and idiots will go away.
A staged convention to match a staged election!
This explains why there was no one at the watch party in the PCC - they all got bussed over to Wells Fargo.

I thought something was weird - there was enough beer and snacks for a small army and no one was there consuming it.
The DNC is nothing if not predictable.
Reminds me of the Nevada caucus. Except I think they were busing in homeless people to vote after giving them cash.
So they paid seat fillers to act as supporters just like they paid correct the record trolls to pretend to be supporters.  I'm sensing a trend
And Sanders super volunteers were refused access. Par for the course, really.
Whoever that gray suited guy that disagrees on everything is.. I dislike him. I disagree with everything he says.
I don't think she meant that they literally said those words.  It's her interpretation of what the DNC did.  It's a message to Nina.
That lady was crazy. I'd take everything she said with a grain of salt. 
Excellent post.  Completely agree.
Bernie deserves better than us.
Love.  This.  Post.
Bernie Sanders is the greatest political leader of my lifetime. He knows a hell of a lot more about how power operates in the US gov't than any of us ever will. I'm not going to second guess him. If he believes that the best way for him to achieve his/our goals is now to support Hillary, that's what I'm going to do, holding my nose.  To fail to vote for Hillary is to abandon Bernie.  If Hillary wins, Bernie becomes the most powerful person in Congress. That's huge.
This subreddit has been my favorite site and my place of solace this past year. I love you people. I came on here at one point during the convention and the mega thread was streaming with hate towards Bernie which is why I added the "fuck off" in my title.
Good. 
Thank God.  I couldn't watch him do that.  He doesn't deserve it.
He shouldn't need to. She has an entire fundraising engine. His time is better spent fundraising for progressive downticket candidates.

This is yet more "non-news" and trying to lay blame on Bernie for Clinton's failings. Again, I state: if Clinton fails in November, it is *her fault* and her fault alone. 
Wall street can fund her campaign and they can vote for her, I will do neither.
Quick question, he's still not going to hand over his donor list is he? I don't want my name on her list.
To hell with that.  She's already in bed with the rich, let them foot the bill.
He also didn't plan on it being his responsibility to get his voters to elect the shitberg that is Clinton. 
That's a relief.
Excellent! Now it would be great if you can sit back and watch them explode. Please stop giving them verbal support
Exactly what I expected, why fundraise for someone who is corrupt to corporarions? 
Well, she doesn't need it. Just call the Saudi royal family and bam! More record correcting.
Damn straight!
A sensible decision made by Bernie Sanders. Better to raise a fundraiser for down tickets. No point donating to DNC affiliates as they'd simply move the money to fund for Hillary, not for down tickets.
Hillary did say during the primary after all that she doesn't need Sanders or his supporters.

Good luck in the general. So far, bad start.
Finally!  Some of the old Bernie backbone.
Good.  That's a consolation of sorts...
Like she needs our chump change when she has her corporate buddies. The money will go to much better use getting down ticket progressives elected. That should be Bernie's legacy in this election.
He doesn't need to, Bernie is better suited leveraging his cache and liberalism continuing the fight for smaller roles in government where more of a difference can be made.
Of course not. Hopefully his plan is to focus on Congressional candidates for 2018 to mobilize the base to actually vote in a mid-term election. Controlling congress is arguably much more important than controlling the Presidency.
lmao. now they dont even have a hail mary behind them, they just lose
Good.
Yeah, Bernie probably finds it difficult to fundraise with several knives lodged in his back... guess that means he's responsible for disunity now according to the MSM?!
I mean, she's been stealing from Democrats for 8 years now, she really shouldn't need the money.
I don't think a lot of Bernie supporters were planning on giving her a cent. I know I am not planning to. 
Clinton did speeches earlier this year for Goldman Sachs and got paid. 

If she's not earning enough money for her campaign, she simply isn't begging hard enough. 

My money--and my vote--will go to /r/TimCanova and other progressives I want in power. It's that simple. 
All she has to do is fondle Goldmans Sach.
Why does she need fundraising? If she needs money, can't she just ask the Saudis for it? 
LOL, as if many of his supporters would donate money to Hillary if he asked them to...
That would be going waaaaay too far even for Bernie's stomach. That would be like taking hits from an abuser and going back to bandage their fist wounds .
LOL like she needs Bernie's cash, she has all the big donors she needs and then some. 
It wouldnt work anyway. You think theres a warchest of Sanders supporters ready to write HRC $27 checks?

[The recent flurry of $27 donations to the Green party says otherwise.](http://us.blastingnews.com/news/2016/07/bernie-s-supporters-flock-in-droves-to-green-party-s-jill-stein-001004059.html)
There's probably more to this....but he will be fundraising for every liberal/progressive congresswo/man and senator for the GE.
Clinton has the billionaires and their corporations fundraising for her.  She doesn't need our money.  There is no reason for Sanders to funnel any money to her.
DNC already scammed us out of 200 million, it would behoove Sanders to atleast keep it at that
What's wrong, the Saudi royals don't want to expand beyond funding 20% of the campaign?
I doubt he has lots of pull with Saudi Arabia and other Middle East countries where she gets her money 
Wall Street has her back. And she has theirs.
Good. Let her do her own damn work. Good luck getting any donations from Bernie supporters.
Did Clinton fundraise for Obama?
"We accept 27 dollar donations too, you know" - Hillary
Hope this is true
Isn't this the essentially the same as a non-endorsement?
She's got all that sweet sweet blood money.
Good.
Why would that be? Does he think [she's not qualified to be president](http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2016/04/bernie-sanders-hillary-clinton-qualified/477294/) or something?
https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4urfvr/tony_brasunas_on_twitter_yes_confirmed_all_700800/
Thanks! No not playing, I thought all that money goes to the dnc which Hillary owner of so I thought she will give to her children's foundation. 
She doesn't need any help. I'm sure there are still vacancies which need appointees.
Damn straight. Instead, he should be fundraising for the new Progressive organizations that he wants to spin off, and to elect Berniecrat Democrats who want to get things done in a more Progressive manner. Good on him!
Well...not the strongest endorsement but it's very appropriate, given all the circumstances...
At this point he's looking forward to going home to his own bed.
Good fucking luck if he did try. She can hit up her wall street homies. Leave the middle class and poor out of it.
Does she even need his help? Heck, she'll just rely on those corporate donations like she's always done. What a joke.
The man's gotta plan. Everyone just wait. 
I think he already grabbed enough funds on her behalf.  Sheepdog Sanders.
I want my money back.
Didn't he raise millions from us at $27 per person or something like that? I heard he had to give her all the money we raised for him. 
Apparently, the DNC couldn't find the time to beef up their cyber security between fall of 2015 & April 2016. Makes sense. Obviously rigging the primary for HRC was a better use of their time and resources.
Of course they can't. How else can they intentially leave a hole open in the system in order to blame the Sanders campaign?  (Still remember stupid DWS no TV blaming Sanders for accessing voting data)
I think this is one of the most damning.  Also the person which the post was concerning just happened to die the other day...

https://www.reddit.com/r/WikiLeaks/comments/4um17y/evidence_of_collusion_sr_hrc_advisor_dnc_finance/
There is no smoking gun, but a lot of guns and a lot of smoke.
This kind of post has appeared about once a day every day for the last few weeks.  It just isn't productive.  

The reasons Bernie lost are manifold - several which had to do with the DNC, several with State parties, a lot with the general attitude of Dems running the show at the ground level, MSM collusion, etc.  Good people are pulling together evidence of all the mischief and outright malfeasance. What they find will not reverse the course of today's election - Bernie's nomination cannot be resurrected. 

We will have plenty of time to sift through the ashes and prepare defenses against the multitude of shenanigans. 

Now is not the time to look back but move forward.
God the Hrc campaign is just a bunch of tools and users
*The following statement is a joke.  It is not meant to be taken seriously*

Wouldn't it be funny if they actually *meant* that they made history by making her cry because the election got stolen?  Like, ZOMG, just for the lelz.

*end joke*

Seriously, though, this is why media outlets need to vet their sources before posting things.
These people. SMH.  This is why she's in danger of losing to Trump.  It's not because of us.  It's because of the smugness that leads to carelessness and then on to incompetence! 
At this point, I'd be more surprised if it was a genuine mistake. Establishment dems are abysmal winners of a rigged game. They are incapable of being magnanimous.

Remember after Bernie's record breaking rally in NYC? The DNC taunted with "Nice crowd Bernie. Hopefully you can turn it into votes", knowing full well they were going to suppress the hell out of it.
Wow. They seriously DGAF.
Wow...
Hillary uses people and events like props in her game.


We want a leader NOT a snake . 
That was so touching, I definitely teared up.
He is the original Bernie Bro.
Damnit, who's cutting onions again?

Bernie was trying so hard not to  but tears came to my eyes
I don't tear up easily, but goddamn that got me.
I'M NOT CRYING YOU'RE CRYING.
Larry got me good. Damn it larry, I love you just as much as your little brother. 
Best rollcall.
Right in the **FEELS^theBern**
Bernie's revolution will live on. His brother must feel so proud of him and what he started. 
Yea i teared up
Does he have a chance if he loses roll call?
That was very touching and sad.
T-T
So that's who Gary Shandling was playing in the show.  I must say he does look like him.
this is very sweet
oh my heart
The feels
Yeah, I support Hillary now but this was really touching!
The title of the sub brought us together. Regardless of its relevancy now, we can all agree we were brought together for that reason and I don't think anyone would mind if the name stays. To throw away a quarter million progressive subscribers would be catastrophic.  We have to stick together.  If the mods don't want to do it anymore, I'm sure there's more than enough of us who would help.  
According to a delegate on periscope they didn't even sneak it, they literally ignored Bernie delegates.
They just did a voice vote to save everyone a lot of time given that there weren't other candidates.
The mod team has ask to have S4P removed from r/all because of the death threats against some of us mods and Bernie. 
i'm only signed up for bernie's campaign mailing list, and i did donate once, but the only email i got was from bernie's campaign about his "Our Revolution" organization.
ActBlue I believe. If memory serves well, Bernie announced he would not me sharing his email list.

Hm.  I haven't received anything from ActBlue.
i always reply to them  ill never vote for hillary dont know if anyone reads them 
Look I might eventually support Hillary sure but never the DNc.
W T F !!!!

Nothing so far for me, but they must be doing a staged roll out.
Me too, just received the email. Unfortunate either way, if Bernie gave up the email list or Act Blue initiated. The number of "unsubscribe" will be a great #demexit indicator.
Trump supporters are right at least about the sickening amount of racial/ gender pandering
Excellent post. Personally, I am not at all angry with Bernie. I think his choice to do what he did at the convention was the best he could do to bring exposure to the movement in a positive way. No one (in the establishment) can blame Bernie. If something does happen to Hillary making her unviable (even with all the establishment and corporate support) Bernie can still be in line to take the candidacy. Also, by endorsing her (with stilted words, not with agreement of heart) and the progressive left not following his lead it shows that this is not about one man (although he is my favorite and the most inspiring) it is about all of US.
The victory for progressives is Trump moving the GOP WAY left, planned parenthood, no TPP, reinstating glass steagall
How the hell did he get that onto a CBS affiliate?  Bravo, good sir.  
Hope they find the smoking gun email for this December DNC fiasco. 
>[Did The DNC Frame The Bernie Sanders Campaign To Fix Democratic Primary For Clinton?]  (http://reverbpress.com/politics/bernie-sanders-campaign-data-dnc-plant-fix/)
Jesus. Spot on. TYT needs to hire this guy.
Yes, this.....there is so much more we need to be aware of. I don't want to go into it....but our election is just the beginning of us becoming aware and questioning.  Not calling on a stupid apocalypse theory FYI.
When sanders gets booed it should be obvious that it has become more then being sore losers. The man says it all the time it was never about him. 
That was seriously a fantastic piece.
Wow, nicely summarised. I'm amazed this got past the DNC filters of the MSM. Perhaps they are too distracted at the moment! :) 
This needs to get spread around some more. Real talk up in here, I like this kid.
It is possible that they might be able to win without us.  

However, I want them to find out the hard way, by trying.  And we're not helping them by trying to protect them from the consequences of their actions.

I want all of us, my fellow Berners, to stay strong, and not buy into their guilt trips.  They are the ones with the problem, and they are the ones trying to make us part of their problem.  

We knew that Trump might win if Hillary was nominated.  We tried to tell them, time and again.  They nominated her anyway.  Now let them deal with the fallout.  

Might be there are some strange things going on in this subreddit
When I'm logged in,  [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4uurnu/election_justice_usa_finds_that_bernie_sanders/.compact) shows up on FP.  When I log out, it's gone.  Does that indicate anything if I am subscribed to s4p?
[removed]
Yes, the subreddit has apparently been set so that the posts don't appear in r/all. I forgot the name, but that is the mode which the mods have set for this sub. Why they did that, I have no idea.
I just checked both while logged in and not and I see a S4P post near the top like #12.. Doesnt seem to be censored to me.. 
I noticed this too. I messaged the mods, no response yet. It's really disconcerting...

Edit: A mod responded and said "I'm unsure, it is active in my view." 

But that seems kinda b/s cause it's clearly not there no matter what account I'm signed into.
[removed]
There have been more call girls than calls for accountability over WikiLeaks emails (http://www.thefrisky.com/2008-08-22/political-conventions-and-call-girls/. waiting for 2016 version)
Same. She won by quite a bit in rollcall too. Good to know my vote was just a suggestion!
Happened in Indiana and several other states too.
[Unfortunately this is what we have to deal with](http://i.imgur.com/CN2dae9.jpg)
A couple are like this. Michigan legitimately swings it in the other direction, but a couple others have the supers turning it into a tie.
Please vote them out!!!! Every single elected superdelegate that went against the will of their population needs to be voted out.  In r/grassrootsselect this should be a major focus!
Let's vote their asses out in November.

Michigan Superdelegates


Uncommitted:

    Steven Cook, President, Michigan Education Association
    Nancy Quarles, Oakland County Board of Commissioners
    Virgie Rollins, Chair, DNC Black Caucus
    Norwood Jewell, Vice President, United Auto Workers
    Brandon Dillon, Chair, Michigan Democratic Party

Committed to Hillary Clinton: 

    U.S. Rep. Debbie Dingell, D-Dearborn
    U.S. Rep. Dan Kildee, D-Flint Township
    U.S. Rep. Brenda Lawrence, D-Southfield
    U.S. Rep. John Conyers, D-Detroit
    U.S. Rep. Sandy Levin, D-Royal Oak
    U.S. Sen. Debbie Stabenow, D-MI
    U.S. Sen. Gary Peters, D-MI
    Barry Goodman, former president of the Michigan Association for Justice, personal injury attorney
    Dennis Archer, former Detroit mayor, former Michigan Supreme Court justice
    Jill Alper, political strategist, former DNC political director
    Shauna Ryder Diggs, University of Michigan regent
    Al Garrett, President of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees Council 

I will be working to get every single one of those supers who are still in office, out. Also, I will attempt to block any suggestions to have any one of them at speaking events I help coordinate. 
WOW 
Ok, whew. I was listening to this on twitch on my drive home, and was *really* confused... I know my memory can be bad, but I knew for a fact that he'd won a few of those states.

It's complete shit that they aren't even dividing it up - they're just saying 'these are our state's chosen delegates', not 'these are our state's chosen delegates, plus the establishment hacks who get a bonus vote because reasons'
Would you say you're truly disgusted, truly?
How are they including supers in the first round vote??
first round wasn't tied to the primary or caucus results?  or this wasnt the first round vote.
It's on Wikipedia, but there are ones listed as "undecided"
Yet so many on this sub would be perfectly okay with the superdelegates going against the will of the voters and selecting Bernie as the nominee. The hypocrisy is overwhelming. Superdelegates should not, and are not, changing the outcome of this election.
Wow
Thugs.  This is the price of dissent against their queen.
Well the DNC does not value human lives.
Signs are not allowed in the convention hall. This is in the rules every delegate has been briefed on this. 
The DNC is dumping DWS in Florida!  
>"Wasserman Schultz says she will spend the next several weeks in Florida. But, in a strange turn of events, the DNC that she headed up wont be backing her."  
>&nbsp;  
>"According to reports in The Hill on Tuesday morning, the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC) has all but completely dismissed the idea of providing financial help to Debbies campaign. They will provide technical and logistical support for her, they said, but they will reserve resources and TV ad buys for committee priorities. Since Democrats will likely keep Wasserman Schultzs seat whether she or Canova occupy the ballot slot, logically theyre not interested in getting too deeply involvedbut Wasserman Schultz should definitely get the message."  

GO BERNIE!
Couldn't happen to a nicer lady. 
Please join us at /r/timcanova!
She doesn't need to be re-elected. She fell on her sword for Hillary and will have a position within her cabinet if elected. If not, she will receive a position within the Clinton foundation. 

Don't you folks realize how this all works by now? Corruption pays much better than playing the game fair and square.  DWS hedged her bets and made sure that if her career as congress woman failed she would always be able to have a career with Hillary. 
[deleted]
It depends on how you define "voting irregularities", but yes, he would have.

If you only base it off of states where there is serious concern over the way the caucuses were handled and the votes counted during them you would indeed have enough to significantly alter the outcome of the final count going into the convention. 


That being said, I believe this election was bought and paid for long before Sanders threw his hat into the ring and that DWS and the DNC were not going to let anyone other than their hand picked, establishment backed insider win the final vote at the convention. This is not democracy in action, this is party politics in action. 
The following is from the last page of the entire report:

A. CONCLUSIONS
We have aimed to provide an overview of the evidence for various types of fraud and targeted voter suppression impacting the outcomes of the 2016 Democratic presidential primaries. After covering the legal background and the history of Election Justice USAs legal actions, our best efforts to combat election fraud and voter suppression, we gave a thorough treatment of:

1) Targeted voter suppression
2) Registration tampering
3) Illegal voter purges
4) Exit polling discrepancies
5) Evidence for voting machine tampering
6) The security (or lack thereof) of various voting machine types

Finally, we gave a date-by-date, state-by-state overview of each of these fraud or suppression types at work throughout the course of the 2016 Democratic presidential primaries. Based on this work, Election Justice USA has established an upper estimate of 184 pledged delegates lost by Senator Bernie Sanders as a consequence of specific irregularities and instances of fraud. Adding these delegates to Senator Sanders pledged delegate total and subtracting the same number from Hillary Clintons total would more than erase the 359 pledged delegate gap between the two candidates. EJUSA established the upper estimate through exit polling data, statistical analysis by precinct size, and attention to the details of Democratic proportional awarding of national delegates. Even small changes in vote shares in critical states like Massachusetts and New York could have substantially changed the media narrative surrounding the primaries in ways that would likely have had far reaching consequences for Senator Sanders campaign.

B. RECOMMENDATIONS

We conclude by calling for decertification of the 2016 Democratic primary results in every state in which we have established a reasonable doubt as to the accuracy of the vote tally. Finally, we wish to bring the readers attention to three simple reforms that would eliminate the mere possibility of the vast majority of fraud types demonstrated or evidenced in this report:

1) Exclusive use of hand-counted paper ballots in all future US elections.
2) Automatic voter registration, with same-day party affiliation switching as a mandatory condition for all elections that are publicly funded.
3) Restoration of voting rights legislation which would ensure adequate access to polling sites.
Election Justice USA maintains that these recommendations for future elections, contrary to common claims, save taxpayer money. While beyond the scope of the present report, we aim to present a convincing case for this as part of subsequent publications.
Even though your question was answered, think about this. combine these irregularities with the collusion and media bias proved by wikileaks and and what do you get? Bernie could have very easily won in a fair election.

Yes Bernie would have won.
The 180 delegate swing means the pledged delegates equal.
This ignores the bandwagon effect of having won IA, Mass, Missouri, Illinois.
Then not be a sore loser - he could have been much more aggressive about election fraud - he was winning or tied after all.
More donations, more media coverage etc etc.
The DNC leaks and polls showing Bernie doing better the Hillary agains Trump - would have been the final straw for enough super Delegates to vote for Bernie.
To me this is the most disgusting thing of all - elections are rigged. The recent history is disgusting enough - 2000 -Gore v Bush, 2004 - the flipping of Ohio so Kerry would have beaten Bush, and now this.
I think all of the election fraud tricks combined and swing a 50% -50% election into a 60%-40% land slide. This +10% swing for one candidate and a -10% swing for the second candidate is a combination of 
voters being discouraged or not allowed to cast ballots, ballots cast are not counted, and last but not least ballots are miscounted. 
Each one could be worth a 3%-4% swing so a total of 9% to 12% is possible.
The will of the people does not count for much. Note this analysis does not included the critical factor of campaign funding and media bias.

Some 3rd party candidate - if allowed a fair shot a the presidency could have a 33% share of the vote, equal to the share of the two major parties,  reduced by maybe 20%. This means just missing the by 2% the 15% cut off for being included in the debates!

"Enough is Enough" and "Never lose your self of outrage."
What to do? I do not know.
What not to do? Never vote the less of two evils.
I hope everyone retweets this

https://twitter.com/1Kive/status/758301897023328256
Not according to the report released this morning.  Also, keep in mind that state level wins don't matter as much as total delegates, and a lot of the voting irregularities occurred in states she clearly would have won anyway.  She padded her margins in Southern states....had there been no issues she likely would have won several of the same states but by much smaller margins.  


All of that almost certainly would have made a difference.  
The math shows he would have been slightly short. Gaining about 180 delegates (a total swing of ~360)

That said, if he was this close, when you factor in his huge rally and winner's bias, he likely could have gotten those remaining few delegate swings to win. He lost big in VI and in DC because of this bias working for Clinton. 
Ge would have taken 180ish delegates so a 360 swing and he would be tied basically, but with the media narrative switch it would be higher than that. So yes he would.
the super delegates would have swung it to hillary, but it would have been easier to contest.
No super delegates who've been bought would have stolen the election for Clinton.
Well I only watched the press thing but Nina was supposed to have two speaking roles at the convention from what the other Bernie people said. The DNC or somebody cancelled her speaking as a way to retaliate at Nina for never endorsing Clinton.

Gives you insight to why Bernie did what he did though. They would have just cancelled his appearances completely! The Clinton people are nasty and hate-filled, and that's some nerve considering THEY rigged the whole thing.
It would be cool if the mods here were interested in doing an ama with her.  Maybe the official /r/Iama subreddit would be.  Maybe another way to contact her?
Bernie, Wikileaks, and Guccifer have given us all the tools we need to take back democracy. 
Will we utilize them?
OH SHIT.
Assange has said the most damning documents released so far, are the spreadsheets. 
Get this moving up people! I made an account for this upon release but was too new to post it. This is likely the single strongest damaging piece released so far because it dates back to MAY at the latest.
is this a new leak?

I'm at work and can't look at it.
Seeing as the HVF was a joint DNC-HRC for pres venture, why is it surprising that they would have a donor list for HVF things related? 

Should the HVF have been created as early as it was? No, but given that it came into existence when it did, I would expect both the DNC and some HVF people to keep track of its money.

The spreadsheet is just a list of donors and money. I fail to see how this is any more damaging or scandalous than the known existence of the HVF when it was created.
Money and intellectual incest.
In my opinion, its because of campaign finance.  The less campaign finance restrictions there are, the more anyone who sells ads, especially 24 hour news media, stands to gain.  Most of the Hillary Super PAC money will end up in the pockets of CNN, MSNBC, CBS, etc. executives, because that is who she will be buying ads from.  The less restrictions, the more they can charge, and the more the politicians will pay.  Then the network has an incentive to help this politician, and they do it in their coverage.  Its a win-win for the moneyed candidate, and the networks.  Hillary, based on her finances, can buy many more ads leading up to November, than Bernie could.  The MSM stands to makes millions, maybe billions, based on Hillary's nomination alone, because she has all that Super PAC money.  

As for the future, Bernie is very serious about campaign finance reform, and *might* know Washington well enough to make something happen about it as President.  Trump is serious about campaign finance reform too, but to a lesser extent.  (He did start a Trump Victory Fund with the Republican Party, that can take in *I think* $900,000 per donor.)  

Its an open question whether Hillary is serious about it or not.  She says she is, but she abuses all these loose campaign finance rules more than anybody else.  
**$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$**
The emails released by wikileaks show DNC and media working together as well as Time Warner being a top contributor to DNC. JFK spoke about how the media is controlled by the secret societies. 
My biggest gripe--and I think the most obvious example of media bias--is them reporting the super delegates in their totals despite being explicitly told not to.

How many people stayed home because they saw this HUGE lead Hillary had. What's the point when she's already winning by soooo much?

That kind of reporting is very dangerous.
Look into the DNC email leak from wikileaks.
Because they stand to benefit if Hillary wins. If Bernie or Trump wins, they will lose everything.
This is very nice. Clinton campaign just thought every single women supports them, which is not the case at all
This is one of the most fun/tragic moments, so far. Bernie delegate (who have introduced him on the campaign trail) have her hopes&dreams crushed and gets emotional because of the implications for the future of the country.

Clinton PR team: "Look how she's crying, she's a minority and sooo happy the first woman will be elected president"


At this point, it's like you can take everything the Clinton campaign is saying, and then examine the evidence, is the way they claim or COMPLETELY OPPOSITE of what's actually happening. "Nothing to see, move along, please"
[deleted]
Baby Boomers haven't "hogged the spotlight", they are the ones who are now retiring, but are also of an age to have decades of experience. They run things, of course. You might be completely off in your belief about Gen X and Millenials. The rift between the professional class (went to good college, got white collar job, acts like a technocrat) that's starting to control the Democratic Party and the blue collar side of the majority of workers, plus the dwindling Baby Boomers like Clinton, will all wrestle about the direction of policy. The upper middle class will want a push for things that help them (first female President narrative is being pushed by the upper crust Liberals especially), and the working class will continue to get shafted. As everyone says the world is getting "more liberal", what they really mean is that some are becoming white collar and having shiny liberal politics, and nothing is changing for the lower middle class and working poor. Gen X had a chance to change things, but they went to college and decided that that's the highest aspiration for society.

Honestly, you're also wrong about Clinton being the last Boomer Democratic nominee. Sanders has effectively set it up so that Elizabeth Warren can take the mantle eventually of progressive hero. And she's on the inside now, too. She's more powerful than ever and still has the same message as always about Wall Street, the gravest concern to the country, something that upper middle class liberals sometimes ignore. Sanders worked hard to gather support, and Warren will be so powerful that she will likely strong arm the next election or the one after it. 
Can we please stop calling Gen Y millenials? Millenial has such a negative connotation
YES, I have been saying this all day!  I thought Obama marked the end of the Boomer presidents, but unfortunately their narcissistic, me first generation is getting one last hurrah in Trump or Clinton.

What you may have missed is that we had a string of Greatest Generation presidents (from Kennedy to Bush I), then skipped the lost Eisenhower generation - we went straight to Boomers in Clinton I.  

Bernie was the last chance for this generation to shape our nation - they came of age in a peaceful, prosperous country.  Where home ownership and college education became normalized, where the fruits of the New Deal were finally borne.  Instead we cut stright to the cynicism of Boomers and their Wall Street ethos.

I hope our next president is a millineal as they will begin to be old enough to run for POTUS by 2020 and certainly by 2024.
Speaking as a Gen Xer, I disagree that we are generally apolitical. We are much smaller group and dont get nearly as much attention - by media, marketers, etc - as boomers or millenials. We are the first generation that will be recognized as fairing worse economically than our parents - the first generation to be crippled by student debt, perpetual job insecurity due to stock market crashes and outsourcing, uncertain about home ownership and retirement. Gen Xers struggle much like millenials struggle, just been struggling a little longer. Now in our 30-40s, we naturally have diverted our energies to our careers and families. But we definitely came out for Bernie. I personally took 3 mos off to volunteer for him. I believe Bernie had won support from majority of voters under 45, which includes Gen Xers.
Can't wait! The me generation needs to become irrelevant asap. Otherwise, the perfect storm of income inequality, climate change, and political gridlock is going to get really ugly.
Based on population data trends I've read based on generation, the millenial generation most likely won't have the most significant impact until 2028, but definitely by the 2032 election. We can shoot for getting change done sooner, but it's frustrating that the Baby Boomer generation can't escape it's own ego and realize that they will be replaced by our generation within 15 years. Millennials have grown up along side the conception of the internet. We've seen the rise of social media that connected us in ways to make an exponential impact that older generations can't seem to realize.
I don't understand what all the people hating on him expected him to do. Had he not thrown her his support the DNC still would have made Hillary the nominee. Had he tried to fight it in the courts it would take years for it to end and Hillary would still be the nominee and he would risk Trump winning the election. He's not an idiot, the man has fought for the same ideals for decades and Trump is the antithesis of those ideals. If you think that he isn't devastated that it ended this way then you don't know Bernie Sanders. I hate that it ended this way and thought of having to vote for Hillary pisses me off but I will do what I have to do to keep Trump from destroying everything Bernie has fought for.
He changed the narrative of possibility. Well said. Also, join the lawsuit if you donated. Bankrupt the group that stole your money. I did. 
For me, even though I may don't agree fully with Clinton, it shows how much this country has progressed that for the first time ever, a woman is the presidential nominee. Whether you like her or not, it is great to see the norms being broken down. And for those saying it shouldn't matter that she is a woman, it does. It is easy to say that gender or race doesn't matter when that gender or race has never been represented in that particular area.
Also, who gives a shit who hacked it? The content is far more important than how the content found it's way into the light.
Pathetic fear mongering to control and spin the narrative.
Rumor has it leaked was shot and killed already. 

http://www.nbcwashington.com/news/local/Man-Shot-Killed-in-Northwest-DC-386316391.html

The only thing that the Russians did admit hacking was Hillary private server like so many others since it wasn't really protected. 
Hillary is upset that Russians are trying to effect the outcome of an election?

Really?
I agree with comments by "ThrowAway..." completely.

It matters not one bit who did the hacking.  What is by far the most important news is that the DNC under the direction of its Chairperson unfairly and illegally did things that they should not have.  And, as importantly they got caught and now there is evidence.  That is specifically what the MSM should be covering and reporting on.  To Jeff Weaver's point, heads must roll.  It is far, far from sufficient to say that since DWS is no longer the Chair, it's ALL good now.  That scumbag Luis Miranda and all others directly implicated must be thrown out and kicked to the curb.

The entire garbage from Robby Mook, and assorted axxholes, are simply obfuscating and creating a diversion.  Commit the crime, but point the finger in another direction.  This is nothing other than classic Clinton machinations hard at work and working overtime to cover yet something else up.

And, of course, HRC knew nothing about any of the DNC hacked emails, or so SHE claimed on 60 Minutes.  What a bunch of BS!  

Hey America, get ready for four years of this exact same type of cover up on top of cover up during the first Hillary Presidency.
The NSA is too busy spying illegally on innocent people to care about real threats like Russia.
Better late than never.
They are asking us to be outraged at Russia for hacking which is absurd.

They don't care that the DNC were total criminals?
I mean, Snowden isn't biased. It's not like he's at the whims of the Russian government due to his asylum there...
That is not something Snowden would know...
Of course.
He's not dead. Send money to one of his 100 progressives seeking office, and send him a message saying you did it for him.
I like the idea of flowers, actually.  It's lovely.  Hey u/Eternally65, is there an inexpensive local flower shop in Burlington where we could collectively send our Bernie and Jane a lot of flowers?  

If a lot of us chip in it wouldn't cost that much per person.  
I think it will be fun to send him something just like some farmers sent huge cheese to Thomas Jefferson. I think we shall make it so big that media can not ignore how much we appreciate him
Send him a note of thanks - handwritten - so he knows he is still loved and appreciated.  The look on his face yesterday was so very sad.  You might brighten his days ahead.
[removed]
You can, since you can write anything you want on your ballot, really; whether or not it counts is the next question.

http://sourceplanet.net/politics/bernie-sanders-write-in-states-what-you-need-to-know/

That link outlines exactly what would need to happen for a write-in campaign to work (if he elects to do one), and which states do/do not allow it. 
https://ballotpedia.org/Ballot_access_for_presidential_candidates#Requirements_for_write-in_candidates .>Lots of good info here!
If Bernie manage to get Vermont by write in, would not it be cool?
I will not stand up for those who active silenced my voice. I will not endorse corruption and 'say anything to get elected' politics. The DNC had a chance to mend hurts and earn our votes by building bridges at the Conference. I stead they chose to have a coronation, silence dissenters and do everything they could to humiliate and ostracized the leader of our movement.

We didn't reject Hillary. She rejected us.
[deleted]
You'll be disappointed if we continue to stand up for our principles? 'kay.
lol....no
I think we've learned that as soon as Hillary doesn't have to earn something, she spurns something. No, many of us are not going to stay registered democrats, and many of us are still going to tell Hillary she has to earn our vote, and reasonably so.
Check out BernieVote.com 
To every single delegate fighting on behalf of Sanders and the Political Revolution I remind you ALL, that you represent far more citizens that the 13 million votes Bernie received.  You are at the forefront of this movement and we are ALL proud of you, your commitment and your sacrifice.

This fact should motivate you to stay strong, to remain committed to the ideas and ideals of the Political Revolution.  More than all else, you must know that you do NOT stand alone.  You are the greatest Super Pac there ever was.  You are the American Super Pac.

This is a fight worth fighting for. The Corporatists, the Elite, the Oligarchy must feel the pressure and come to grips with the new reality.  Resist their efforts to stifle, to conceal, to twist the truth.  

We are equally grateful and dependent on YOU, each and every one of YOU to shine as bright a spotlight as possible on the entire scene at the convention.  

Godspeed and Long Live the Political Revolution!

Can you PLEASE share this with the other delegates.  It's a FB post where the question was posed.

"Just out of curiosity...How many long term Democrats (15 years +) have, or are planning to, #DemExit? "

The responses should be very sobering for the Dem party.  I keep seeing how the Bernie supporters are just too young and nave to understand how the system works.  The responses to this post should demonstrate to them that they STILL DONT GET IT!

https://www.facebook.com/groups/berniesandersactivists/permalink/1758780851060234/?comment_id=1758832011055118&ref=notif&notif_t=group_comment_reply&notif_id=1469125278717413&qsefr=1


What is going on outside with the protests? I havent seen much about them at all.
posts like this are perfect examples of why "closing down the sub" was such a shit decision.  we'd never have seen this
Bernie is still with us, he asked for our "full support@ during the roll call vote today. We all have to understand that without endorsing Hilary, sanders would have been completely shut out of the convention, his policies would have been completely Shut out as well. 

Tomorrow is the last chance and maybe it's a long shot but it's all we got. And we wouldn't have had that chance had he not conceded. Go back and watch the end, he's not happy to be saying those things.
When is the vote?
i can't believe they can just be like "oh well, yeah, we cheated, we cheated big time, but hey c'mon, get behind us! It's the right thing to do." Do they think we are insane? I mean, maybe they're used to dealing with a bunch of compliant conformist who let other people think for them, I don't know, but to expect Bernie supporters to get behind Clinton is just beyond my ken. I think this 90% number the media is throwing around is fudged big time. No way 90 % of Bernie people are lining up behind Hillary.
Delegates, you have my thanks and my gratitude.  Keep fighting the good fight.
Wow if this were to actually work it would be one of the greatest times in American history. 
Is there really a chance that he can be nominated? Not being negative. I really want to know; I am asking because I am curious to find the answer. Is there a way that he can become the nominee, even though he is pushing for Hillary to be president and due to the fact that he has less delegates and what not? What can make him become the nominee while the convention rolls on?
Why do u have to tease me like this? I lose all hope and then someone writes something that makes me think there might still be a chance
You are our voice!!! We love you!!! Keeping fighting!!!!

You guys are keeping the tiny shred of hope I have left alive. Keep fighting!
That was posted hours before Bernie made his speech though...
This right here should have been the crowning moment of this sub, regardless of the eventual outcome. Strong campaign, strong finis and the best ever legacy for future races. I feel this could have been done better with less panic and better expectation management. :-/
#Party united! Voters divided! 
When is this madness going to end? The party convention is a fucking circus that is completely counter productive. You can say that the parties are private organizations, but they are receiving public funds and we live in a society where these two parties have all of the power. We need to have one day at the polls across the county where people cast there vote for the nominee and after the votes are counted, the person with the most votes is the nominee. This whole situation with party primaries and delegates and conventions does nothing but waste time and money and obscure the voice of the people. 
Thanks to all the Sanders delegates for continuing on into the convention and pushing hard despite the DNC's desire for an authoritarian choice.
Please boo Hillary herself when she comes out. She took away your voice and laughed at democracy. Now is the only chance to make your voice heard again. 
[deleted]
[removed]
Thank You.
Thank you for fighting for democracy and the future of the planet. Please fight safe.
Is it actually still possible that bernie get nominated?
When "lots of boos for Hillary" is a victory, we know that this movement is truly lost.
He got less votes lol
Awesome! I love that you are into change regardless of the consequences! Just remember that when Dictator Drumpf comes looking for you after he has stocked the Supreme Court with fascists at least you took part in "change." Please, for the sake of progressive values grow up.
Yes keep doing this so we can have President Trump!

I mean seriously what else can you achieve but split the vote.
Sorry i dont vote for:

* Cheaters
* Corrupt politcians
* Liers
* Rape defenders
* War hawks
after the emails the best thing he could have done was not be a part of the party that rigged the election. 

he should have taken the millions that voted for him and started a new party from scratch
What you are asking makes no sense.  There isn't a candidate who is going to win with nothing I can do about it, and if there was what sense would it make to take action?
Bernie made his reasonable call. That does not make it reasonable for us to agree. I completely agree with your Hail Mary analysis - Bernie put himself in the best position he could. He may gain a powerful chairmanship of a Senate committee. 

If think he could have gotten more power by running Non-Dem now. Saying I will not renege on my never Trump Pledge, but because I think I can win in November  and am concerned Clinton cannot - we will run with full force until October and if we are behind in the polls we will bow out. Yet if Clinton is behind in the polls, we will ask her to do the same....Etc.
I'm angry because the DNC email leak proves this was not a fair election, HRC's campaign has repeatedly lied  colluded, and manipulated their way to the top.

And if you think these emails are even the worst of it, you're probably wrong, they're most likely just the tip of the iceberg.
It wasn't inevitable, perhaps it was inevitable due to election fraud and everything that happened but it wasn't inevitable had that not taken place.
I understand the endorsement, its not like he's raising money for her now. It also doesn't mean I have to vote for her.

>".  .  . let's talk about legislation for referenda to amend the Constitution"

  .  .  . [The Supreme Court, another institution that needs a complete overhaul! This country has truly become a sham democracy!](http://www.economist.com/blogs/democracyinamerica/2014/05/judicial-bias) that splits into ideological camps while purporting to provide equal justice under law calls into question its very legitimacy.
This is critical.  We need to change the 2-party FPTP system.  Let's organize to change this.
I think you need to explain this more.

I hate to be defeatist, but how realistic is such an amendment strategy?  You might be able to get a legislator or three to champion the cause, but with the current Congress I just can't see it going anywhere.

Perhaps it would be useful to focus on drafting such an amendment, and trying to get people to start supporting it as-drafted, and maybe with some built-up support there legislators can be convinced.
Didn't the DNC also just say they won't be funding DWS in her primary struggle against Canova because it's dem on dem? This sounds like exactly the thing they did to Grayson.
>Isnt that supposed to be illegal?

 Yeah, but Trump so ignore it!!! 
don't checks have to be written to a specific business or person who has the correct records to show that they should be receiving the check?  
These is the kind of investigation that will bring the big news. Contextualization with outside events and timing will likely show the most egregious actions of the DNC/HFA etc.   Thank you for looking so carefully!
HRC camp allocating $600k+ in Native American contributions to DNC convention and building funds

> Today I am sending you the following checks made out to the DNC that
> should be counted towards the convention fund. 
> Gila River Indian Community $100,200 Democratic National Committee
> Shakopee Mdewakanton Sioux Community $100,200 Democratic National > Committee
> Table Mountain Rancheria $100,200 Democratic National Committee
> Pechanga Band of Luiseno Indians $144,100 Democratic National Committee
> With regards to the Pechanga Band of Luiseno Indians check, please note > the first $100,200 should be allocated to the convention fund, while the
> remaining $43,900 should be allocated to the building fund. Let me know if > you need anything on our end regarding this donation.

https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/25


Was that Corrupt the Record?
Isn't about time for the Berniecrats to leave the DNC and start their own party? Their own party, DNC, is working against them and their progressive agenda. It's time for the People's Progressive Party!
This is a good start, but it's way too convoluted to push this as a story right now. Some is going to have to edit this down and make is legible for mass consumption. 
---------------------
If I'm understanding this correctly:
---------------------
1. Patricia Michelle Kessler intended to donate $10,000 to the Hillary Victory Fund. 
---------------------
2. Massachusetts finance director sent Patricia Michelle Kessler the following link to donate to the HVF. https://www.hillaryclinton.com/finance/givehvf/
---------------------
3. Check does not appear cashed to HVF
---------------------
4. Check appears to be funneled to Patrick Murphy Victory Fund instead
---------------------
additional info: Mention of CTR, potentially suggests that money is being funneled to other PACS like CTR. 
---------------------
Major question: Can money donated to victory funds be funneled to Super PACs (is it legal?). I honestly don't have the answer to this. 
---------------------
Do I have this right? 
---------------------

Whatever the case, if the money did go to Murphy from the DNC, it's just more proof that they don't care about involving the progressives (and to a degree, the future of the party, going by Bernie's performance) in this party.
The big money spreadsheet (and the document that Wikileak's Assange thinks is the most important) is called "Big Spreadsheet of All Things.xlsx" in the searchable database. 
Didn't Harry Reid say "I want you to lose" to Grayson. Looks like they stuck to their guns there.
Literally corrupt from top to bottom
Great find 
Patrick Murphy is being heavily endorsed by Obama here in FL.  I see that same stupid commercial every 15 minutes no matter what channel I'm watching.  

Alan Grayson is who we want!  Not a fake representative like Murphy!
Fuck this! People don't get any better than Alan Grayson. MONTREAL REPRESENT
None of these leaks make any difference anymore. The media is reporting now that her lawyer gave her some 'Pro-Hillary' advice about the leaks and apparently that protects her from everything. I read that somewhere.
Yeah we're screwed either way.
The Supreme Court spin is overrated! 

>["The Supreme Court Fight Probably Wont Define The Election For Voters"](http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/the-supreme-court-fight-probably-wont-define-the-election-for-voters/)

The Supreme Court has become another Tin foil institution that needs a complete overhaul! 
 A high court that splits into ideological camps while purporting to provide equal justice under law calls into question its very legitimacy.
>[Judicial Bias](http://www.economist.com/blogs/democracyinamerica/2014/05/judicial-bias)
Nah lets remember the election was stolen and it will continue to get stolen if hillary is elected 
Hillary will never nominate a justice that isn't first approved by her corporate masters. We're getting a right-leaning Supreme Court no matter who wins.
I will. That's why my vote will go to Jill Stein. I'm in it for the long game.
Democracy is more important.
Stop fear mongering. 
The Senate appoints the SCOTUS judges.  The President only nominates.  The Senate is under no obligation to do anything about it if they don't want to.  The majority of the Senate opposing Trump is tantamount if he wins.  Since 1987, 5% of SCOTUS nominees haven't been appointed simply because the Senate didn't bother to do anything about them.

Literally, Trump could nominate a member of Westboro and the Senate could completely stop them from joining the SCOTUS.
This is fear mongering by the DNC.  Here is a great [calculator from Slate](http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/jurisprudence/2016/02/the_odds_of_another_supreme_court_justice_dying.html) that is based on epidemiological data about the average age of death by race and sex.  Let's look at the FACTS:

The average life expectancy for a white female in the District of Columbia is 86.65 years. Ginsberg is 83. She's got 3 years left before she hits "Average." Is it possible she'll die? Sure. It's quite possible she won't. This Slate Calculator puts the odds of her dying at 35%, which, as a physician, I would agree with. 

Incidentally, the Slate Calculator gives the odds of any CONSERVATIVE justice dying as 54.26%, approximately equal to the odds of any Liberal justice dying (56.76%). 

Let's look at just the liberal justices:

Ginsberg: 36.08% chance of death

Breyer: 27.81% chance of death

Kagan: 2.77% chance of death

Sotomeyer: 3.75% chance of death.


So there's a ~1/3 chance that Ginsberg could die and a ~1:4 chance Breyer could die. There's almost no chance of the other two liberal justices dying. 

Conservatives:

Kennedy: 32.81%

Roberts: 6.67%

Thomas: 16.81%

Alito: 10.58%

There's a greater chance that we could lose 3 conservative judges (1.05%) than 3 liberal judges (0.76%). 

As you can see, the odds, based on average population statistics are quite low. It's likely the justices, being far above average income will significantly exceed the averages. Also, the average for Washington DC is significantly higher than the US average, and I'd except the justices to exceed even that, barring known health issues. And the conservative court we've had has refused to overturn Roe v Wade so far, so what makes you think that a +1 would change that? Regardless, it's not enough to make me vote for an immoral, corrupt, war hawk that will continue to sell the American people to the highest bidder. 
I think it's highly overrated IMO.  Unless someone un-expectedly dies, there's no way in hell that RBG retires if Trump is President and likewise for Clarence Thomas if Hillary wins.  What's going to end up happening is that the much older Justices will strategically plan their retirement, based on who ends up occupying the White House.
fuck the supreme court.
They are scum.
Looking for followup confirmation on this.
There's too many mix messages going around. Waiting on confirmation...
It's been confirmed by tyt and a local paper as well as common dreams.  http://www.commondreams.org/news/2016/07/26/nina-turner-prominent-sanders-delegate-ejected-dnc
It's ok. She'll be back in 2020 formally accepting the nomination.
Tulsi is the real MVP.
If the DNC really wanted to unify and bring in Sanders supporters they would have said, "Hey we blew it this election, and are exposed.  We will do better and look forward to regaining your trust.  In an effort to do this we have named Tulsi DNC chair.  Tulsi had the integrity to step down from her position in the party to campaign for a candidate she supported. We acknowledge what we did was wrong and we are beginning work to ensure it doesn't happen again."
She is a class act.

On backbone alone, Id vote for her if she ran for higher office.

I know shes been right-leaning on a few issues, but Im willing to look past that and support someone who has a conscience and isnt afraid to act on it, no matter the personal risk to her career. Thats a wonderful quality in a leader.
r/Tulsi
I can't wait to vote for her someday.
Tulsi needs to primary Hillary/run against Trump in 2020! 
OMG...the tears. Tulsi you completely brought me to blubbering...
So proud to have so many quality people in our Revolution - people like Tulsi Gabbard. 
#Party united! Voters divided! 
I'm glad she is inputting some positivity with all this grim news lately. I hope to see her in hillary's position after the clinton machine has had its 'turn'....
Unless the media reports are true and Bernie is going to nominate clinton
I see great potential in her. 
TUL-SI!

TUL-SI!

TUL-SI!

Tulsi nominating Bernie would be a dream.  I am from a woman born and I love and respect women in general given that they are indeed our better halves.  I note this fact given how I truly feel and per what I will state next.

It is a crying shame that SHE is apparently going to be the Democratic nominee.  SHE is apparently also supposed to be the next POTUS.  Why is this a shame?  It is for every single reason as noted by me before  in other posts and it has absolutely nothing to do with HER womanhood.  America deserves far better than HRC, independent of her sex.

I wonder what America would achieve or be capable of achieving if the country had the pleasure and good fortune of picking someone such as Tulsi to be our President, or to hold any other high office.  I live for the day and I would vote many times over for Tulsi.

Tulsi, you are my s/hero!  Your devotion to something much greater than yourself, your tenacity, loyalty and moreover, the dignified way that you contribute is exemplary.  It screams INTEGRITY to me and that more than else is what SHE lacks terribly so.  In fact, that is exactly what America needs in Congress.

There are other women too that jump out at me.  One other woman that fits in this mold is the great Nina Turner.  

And, then there is Jane.  Wow, is about all that is left to be said.

There are so many women that are worthy and truly deserving.  America needs and deserves better than HER!  This is especially so, in this critical hour.
I feel you brother. I am a brown-skinned Muslim. Going full Jill to stop both Hillary and Trump. Join me!
As a Latino, Hillary Clinton is far more dangerous and a bigger threat to my community not just here but all over Latin America. If you'd like to stop circle-jerking with other Hillary supporters about how all the people of color and otherwise marginalized people voting for Jill Stein are actually white men (just like all the Bernie supporters were white men), [take a look at Hillary Clinton's actual record](https://www.thenation.com/article/a-voters-guide-to-hillary-clintons-policies-in-latin-america/). [She's *done* all the things Donald Trump wishes he knew how to do.](https://medium.com/p/be848d4e238)
It will only get worse with next elections.
Please don't buy into the narrative that Bernie supporters are all lily-white. The Bernie delegates who organized the walkout were largely women of color. Also, Bernie won the majority of nearly all ethnic groups age 30 and under.
I'm black so your theory holds no water. Maybe you should look up the 1994 crime bill, the patriot act, the Iraq war or James Comey's FBI review of Hillary Clinton before you go start blaming white people.
Far be it for me to ever consider trying to understand the full extent of corruption a candidate might have, or their history.
[removed]
This primary was the first time I've seen a *Democrat* exploit racial mistrust to divide the electorate. Been hearing this 'vote Hillary or you don't care about PoC' horseshit all year long. I'm done with it. Take a hike.
Out of curiosity, in light of the Clintons' history with minorities, what do you have to gain, aside from "not Trump",  from another Clinton Presidency? 


Looks like a concentration camp. Reminds me of when I visited Birkenau in Poland https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/f4/Birkenau-guard-post.JPG/800px-Birkenau-guard-post.JPG 
Our hearts mourn the loss of the country we once thought belonged to us all
Here are some shots we got outside the DNC. We are, Anthony Visci and Evan Rapp. There will be more to come, as well as a video to come out later tonight.
-EVANT Media
the difference being that north korea at least pretends to be leftist
They should've waited til the Hil-bot takes the stage then start the walk out.
I want to see a picture, or a video. That would be nice.
[deleted]
Oh if this happens I'll be laughing my ass off all the way to the bank...

Hell, even fake ones would destroy her and her ability to even respond... I mean, whats she gonna do if fake transcripts come out saying everything we know she said?...release her REAL transcripts saying exactly the same thing? :P
There's no light at the end of any of the tunnels..

It would be the ultimate pwnage unlike anything ever seen before..
Literal history maker..
Holy mother of god.....
Please please please. I love the way they try to show outrage that another country is trying to manipulate the election instead of being ashamed and accountable for not just corruption but the corruption that destroys the earth and violates human rights. I bet the hacker is an eleven year old. 
use it as toilet paper. then light that shit on fire. 
This reminds me when google's motto was "Do no evil", ah how times have changed...
Love it!
Thats not even a coherent sentence.
[removed]
What happened to all the protesters that were in there yesterday?
You sure showed them
[removed]
yeah because that's the mature way to handle the situation. 
REEEEEEE!!!!!!!!
How about we just cut the middle man out and ban political parties.
Also super delegates should need to be elected. Some of those super delegates are lobbyists and donors who have nothing to do with the democratic process.
The Democratic party has to go.
At least they are getting rid if 2/3 of supers here on out.

Not that I give a fuck, leaving the party anyways.
Fuck that, third party, new rules, no supers. Sanders 2020
Honestly, I feel that the Democratic party is beyond saving. Getting rid of superdelegates just feels like fixing the plumbing on a house that is currently on fire, infested with wasps, built on an Indian burial site, and next to a volcano.
Sounds good.
Awesome, all of the videos by the YouTube user this video is uploaded by are amazing
He can see in the future, oh no wait it's only logical :P
Kaine got the VP nod because he's a popular senator and former governor of a swing state with a lot of voters Clinton has trouble with (working-class white men), not because he was chair of a party apparatus no one cares about.

DWS remained chairman of the DNC for so long because President Obama didn't give a crap about her abysmal performance electing Democrats in Congress.
I like the accountability idea and this should be pushed for all of our elected officials regardless of party or position.  Senators, congressmen and the executive branch should be tracked on such a website.  I think the proposal of this idea as a platform plank of a third party is great.  However I do not think that the application of this accountability to just the third party would be effective.
Maybe you want to contact the laywers who file suit against DNC on election fraud?
No, because he wants her elected. He has been VERY clear about this. 
Because he knows if trump gets elected he will appoint the next 2-3 Supreme Court Justices, which will ruin our country for the next 30+ years.....it is pretty much that simple why NOT to vote for trump or a third party.
[removed]
He's running as Dem in 2018
If you click the "SPLIT A DOWN-TICKET DONATION" in the sidebar, it'll take you to the ActBlue page that lists all the candidates he's fundraising for.
This seems like a dumb plan. So... clearly the DNC thought it up.
As unlikely as it is, I can't help but hope the Vermont delegates pull some tomfoolery. 
So, they're going to unify the party by forcing a unanimous vote....

That'll go over well. 
They're suggesting that VT, the state that Clinton wasn't even viable in, is going to switch all their votes to her? And that somehow will magically release all of his other delegates to her as well? None of this makes any sense.
How exactly are they going to get unanimous consent with all of the delegates to vote for Hillary? Will never happen without some corruptio..... ahh
Another foolproof plan by the DNC! I'm sure that "washing out all of the Sanders delegate" by proclaiming Clinton as the unanimous nominee will do wonders to "unite the party" once and for all.
Is this as fucked up as it appears? 
D...did MSNBC seriously just call it before a single roll call happens?
United by an intense feeling of disenfranchisement.
We'll just not count any votes not for Hillary - that makes it **unanimous!**

Unity at last!
I feel like Charly Murphy with all this dnc,  msnbc unity talk

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=toAEQTsidvg
Damn. I guess we're all unified now. No choice but to vote for Clinton... Oh, I can still vote for whomever I want? Good. Fuck the Democrats.
It's one thing for Sander's to bow out, but they have to make it as cringeworthy as possible.

If they really do it this way, was there even any point in getting all Bernie's delegates there?  While this is still just an anonymous source, most of the anonymous source proclamations have been correct recently (i.e. no indictment, Bernie endorsing Hillary).
Morons are doomed
The DNC rigged the election, it is disgusting that we have to stand by and watch them make it officially rigged.
So if enough delegates (hypothetically, I know it's unlikely to happen) nominate Bernie, would/could his own Vermont delegates nominate him after all and screw Hillary over? 

I would almost pay to see that happen. 
Oh MAN this is going to go over so well.

"Let us now call for unity"

*Camera turns back to sanders supporters, convention center now on fire*

"Feel the bern."
wasn't hillary non-viable in vermont?
LOL nice try MSNBC 
If I hear 'unity' one more time, I hope monkeys fly out of my butt. That would feel immensely better than the gut wrenching shit the Clinton camp is force feeding us. 
Let's see what happens. Even if that does eventually happen tonight I'm glad that Bernie won't have to fake enthusiastically yelling like Clinton did in '08. What were her exact words?... "I would like to nominate Barack Obama because I've been promised to be his SOS and then promised the presidency in 2016 no matter how unelectable I am!" Well, some of those words may not have been the out loud words.
I believe the DNC is just super afraid that somehow the roll call vote won't pass for HRC nomination.
I'm watching C-Span
Lol jk
O rly? 
Go vote at MSNBC and tell them we aren't taking it
https://i.engage.ms/App/msnbcdayside/daypulse726
I keep hearing mixed reports on this
what the actual fuck is this...?

sure aint Sparta
So, they're just going to disregard all of our votes?  Absolute bullshit.  
Can someone ELI5 this for me? I'm not sure if I just misheard her or what, but it wasn't very clear to me what the plan going forward is, other than that Bernie will not speak the words himself.
[deleted]
What is the strategy here? Bait a switch? Classic.
Thank you lord baby jesus!
What a traitor and a total piece of shit. Sure Hillary is totally corrupt and will never get my vote, but at least she has the balls to fight it out. Bernie is a total coward. I'm sorry my money, my time, and my hopes were with him. He is crap to me, and probably to many of the millions of Americans, like me, who were all in for Bernie. The man has no balls whatsoever!
Plus CLINTON IS TANKING IN THE NEW POLLS.

Thank god, because I would never make my home supporting a den of vipers.
Disgusting. Why is everyone so afraid of casting a vote????? The reality is she got 55% of the vote and Bernie 45. What's wrong with that?  Why can't that stand.
[deleted]
She could be polling 50 points behind Trump and still insist she's got this.


What I'm curious on is if the content of the next leak is really bad (her using racial epithets, her working on widespread election fraud throughout the primary, etc) WILL she bow out or will she still keep brushing it off. Will the party pressure her to resign in that case? It took a phone call from Obama to get DWS to resign.
Nah. I really believe something happened but we may never know. Personally, I don't like it. I think with all that people have given, Bernie should be upfront with us. 
The DNC is a bad joke, and no one's laughing. They're truly through. Let's hope the Republicans follow suit.
I actually found myself defending Donald Trump over this bullshit.
When he sarcastically asked Russian to influence the United States of America Presidential election by hacking into his political opponents email?  Ya that was a really funny joke.
A trump supporter is literally using this subreddit to defend the Donald and still getting upvoted here.... 
The MSM is not reporting on this. Can w get a report on how many delegates walked out?
This election is really illuminating the characters of many I thought were honest and thoughtful as frauds & charlatans. They don't want better, they just want good enough.
Well you know that means Hillary will try to push Bernie out now.

If their Media lackeys act like that.
He uses his shows to address problems, but a problem is that he is a part of the problem. He doesn't try to do anything about them since if they are dealt with, he will lose a major element of his show.
Die hard Sanders supporter here.

I disagree that he "dumped" on Bernie.  From an observer's perspective (not necessarily Colbert, but the general, partially-informed citizen) the longest standing Independent in congress ran against the most powerful democrat within the democratic party, and there's an uproar because the democratic party was favoring Hillary over an outsider to the party.  

What the DNC did was wrong.  It undermined democracy, and we'll be facing the consequences of that for years to come.  BUT, if Mitt Romney ran as a democrat and wasn't treated equally, that wouldn't be much of a surprise either.

Colbert isn't always going to share your opinion or my opinion, and the character he plays may even deviate from his own views from time to time.  Try not to take it personally.
Colbert has been trash ever since he sold himself.
Ehh... I see where you're coming from, but he is a comedian making jokes. He makes fun of people all the time. He had a whole show making fun of republicans. He's not some sort of news reporter. I wouldn't take what he said too seriously, it was a joke and even I thought it was a little funny. At least he is bringing more attention to the fact that the DNC favored Hillary. 


There one rule I follow when it comes to comedy, and that is that nothing is off limits. You can't be so serious when you are watching a comedy show. 
I find some measure of satisfaction that Colbert might be in some degree of mental anguish from all the crap they have him dispensing, it's easier to think about it that way.  His show really great once, now he trivializes that past.
To be fair, I think he was just trying too hard to be funny.
Colbert is a sell-out. He's obsessed with the fact that he has made it into the one-percent club (have you noticed that he mentions that every chance he gets?) and has done nothing but lick Hillary's feet and passive aggressively slam Bernie during this entire primary. Just ... what a jerk.
I honestly don't give a shit what MSNBC says. Given the email leaks, we know that they get their marching orders from the DNC, which is unfairly collaborating with the Clinton campaign. They're all in for a rude awakening in November.
Well to be fair, I won't unify with Hillary. I mean they are directly the cause of that, but this spin is fine with me. The more we look like we won't unify, the more they'll have to reconsider what a dumb decision they're making. We're not backing down, I'd rather have this headline instead of "Bernie voters to unify with Hillary".
A nice preview [of] what is to come.
They have been silent about the DNC Leaks over the past 24 hours. Quit blaming us for not unifying behind someone that we don't see as the legitimate nominee.
2020 will be an interesting election, I think. I mean, the DNC email scandal exposed the fact that a lot of mainstream news directly coordinates with the democratic establishment. I'm gonna hope that our next anti establishment democrat fights for media reform that makes that sort of secret collaboration illegal.
This is no surprise. MSM in the US are nothing but propaganda outlets, cut the cords to them and get your real news elsewhere. 

Their older viewer, listener and reader bases are shrinking by the day and MSM are not getting younger generations aboard, so take comfort in the fact that these dino propaganda machines and their ridiculous pundits soon  enough will be out of business and gone.

Oh, and:
NEVER EVER YOUR REPULSIVE, EVIL, WAR MONGERING, CORRUPT TO THE CORE HILLTURD, MSM.  


I was watching the Convention live on
CBSN yesterday. I had to cut it off after Bernie was done speaking--the anchors were saying the same old type of shit, like belittling and subtle mocking of Bernie and supporters all while acting pleasant and nice. Saying how Bernie's Dem platform rhetoric won't win us over; yeah no shit, but it's not because Bernie is incompetent like their tone suggested they were implying. It's because the democrats have literally nothing going for them except (1) scary Trump, and (2) the meaningless promises in the party platform. Wouldn't it suit their goals to ENCOURAGE US to go along with Bernie's lead at this point? The media is still buried in the DNC's ass and they are still threatening unity far more than Bernie's campaign. Thick headed as hell.
Of course they (berners) are painted as grubby little children.  The condescension and incredulous manner by the MSM towards these righteous warriors is the real shame...
present day people, politicians and media can claim what they like

history will see it only one way when Hillary loses: she was present when a huge progressive movement came about, and she was too stupid and stubborn to make those voters and that movement happy by making concessions to either progressive agendas or progressive candidates as VP or Secretaries

We will not be blamed for voting our consience and our candidate, she will be blamed for being a horrible politician when political maneuvering was needed most

and then after 4 years of trump the right will see that he is a lost cause, so it will split, and the democratic party will be progressives or destroyed bc their golden girl couldn't even fend off trump in an election
Vote your conscience. If you can't look at Hilary's record and support her, do the system a favor by at least considering third party candidates. No one is perfect, but as soon as  the USA can move away from a 2 party system the closer we are to the best single for change our political environment. 
And water is wet. Why would anybody who followed the campaign at all over the past year expect anything less? I turned them off a long time ago - not worth having a coronary over every pro-Clinton-spun story they try to run. The media is implicated by the DNC leaks and they are doubling down on HRC.
MSDNC will be to blame if Trump is elected.
They realize that Bernie supporters are 47% of the party, right?  
The media can keep twisting things, and ill keep rejecting Clinton.

They just don't friggin get why people are fed up
It's classic. I made the mistake of getting involved in a discussion on FB last night and people in the thread were all like "This behavior by Bernie's supporters is disgusting and childish. They are handing Trump this election." Negative. HRC is handing Trump this election by being a shit candidate of a corrupt party.
The Democratic Party is the main reason for disunity. 

People expect a fair ball game and since being exposed as corrupt af, they continue down the same planned paved road. 
Plug for /r/FreePolDiscussion in light of recent mod power tripping

It's a political sub without censorship 
These people have no idea they're fracturing the Democratic party beyond repair.  Being willfully ignorant of what's happening while shouting empty platitudes about unity are just twists of a knife in a wound.
Hillary's dishonesty and corruption did this.
Before I vote for Hillary she has to ask for my vote. Has she asked Bernie's supporters to vote for Hillary?  Instead we hear insults from the Hillary people.

Before Hillary asks for my vote she must ask my forgiveness.  She must ask me to pretend that all that came before never happend and she must acknowledge all that came before. There must be truth before reconciliation. 

I'm not holding my breath. 
It's like they act there weren't any leaks? 

Brought to you by the same media that brought you Iraq!
They are lucky so many people in the party are ready to poke their own eyes out rather than fully understand how bad the DNC problems are. Some of these people should be in prison.

The party should be a bunch of tumbleweeds rolling in between the corporate donors and token celebrities. If all that comes of this is a lost election they should feel fortunate. 

Vote third party.
Hillary is the cause of this disunity lol
Bernie supporters didn't make Hillary lie about being under sniper fire in Bosnia.

Bernie supporters didn't make Hillary oppose gay marriage.  Nor did they make her flip-flop.

Bernie supporters didn't make Hillary support the Iraq war.  Nor did they make her flip-flop.

Bernie supporters didn't make Hillary not make a decision on Keystone XL.

Bernie supporters didn't make Hillary support the TPP, or whatever it is her current opinion is on it.

Bernie supporters didn't make Hillary say "Democrats don't attack Democrats on healthcare" and then attack Bernie on healthcare.

Bernie supporters didn't make Hillary support fracking.

Bernie supporters didn't make Hillary oppose a $15 minimum wage.  Nor did they make her bask in the glory of NYC's $15 minimum wage.

Bernie supporters didn't make Hillary destabilize Libya and take it from a 65th percentile developed nation to one of the world's top strongholds for terrorists.

Bernie supporters didn't make Hillary store work emails on a poorly secured personal server maintained by individuals with neither clearance nor need-to-know.

Bernie supporters didn't make Hillary give positions and arms deals to Clinton Foundation donors.

Bernie supporters didn't make Hillary align with the DNC months before primaries even took place.

Hillary can't agree with herself, and can't agree with the laws of the United States.  How are we expected to agree with her?
They must think we are dumber than dirt.
GOOD
Good! Because the outraged people are the only ones that make any sense.
Agreed. Very one-sided. I think I even heard them described as "anarchists" at one point.
Why should I care about unifying with a party who tried to subvert the candidate I want to be the nominee?
Yes, yes, continue to insult the people you want to win over to your side. That will surely work. You definitely deserve the six-figure paychecks you get for your political savvy.
yeah, get used to that one. even bernie said it himself. they are just going to have the media twist it to make it look like sanders supporters are being unfair or unruly. it's a good thing sanders has repeatedly said not to protest and not to boo because otherwise they would be spinning it to make sanders look bad (accusing him of not controlling his supporters or telling them to stop)
I can't think of a Fox News/MSNBC pun right now, so everyone please absorb what I mean through this explanation.
Good, it's true. Bernie supporters should not unify with the person who robbed the election away from them. Bernie supporters embracing Hillary Citibank Clinton would be more shocking. 
The DNC do not care about you and the progressive policies that HRC said she would take on board will never see the light of day. 
~~MSNBC~~ Clinton campaign spinning Bernie's supporters as the sole cause of disunity
They're not wrong, bernie supporters for the most part were not really democrats to begin with. bernie brought in independents who would not take this bullshit any longer, not people who would vote clinton as a second option.
[removed]
I am oddly OK with this.
#"DISQUALIFY HIM, DEFEAT HIM, UNIFY LATER"
This reporter is so full of it.  They all act like they don't know the rules.  Superdelegates are going to vote for Clinton clearly but that doesn't mean they have voted for her and therefore she isn't already the candidate with no way of not being
Hillary is the cause of the disunity.  Not Bernie.
I'm not gonna lie, but I honestly didn't see this coming.
In breaking news - MSNBC changes policy to blame rape victims.
Ugh, yeah it started last night.  I used to like Rachel Maddow and when they began coverage on the DNC last night I had it on while I was tidying and making dinner.  She was entirely on propaganda-bot mode continuously spewing misinformation and degrading Bernie supporters.  Completely ignoring the facts (and Wikileaks, and revoked credentials and widespread election fraud).  

Among her hits, Bernie Bros are at it again, causing problems, continuously interrupting speeches including the invocation and even booing their own Bernie Sanders when he spoke earlier, towing the line that anyone not supporting HRC at this point is a rabble rouser with no cause to protest.  I was amused by how she REPEATEDLY stated that the democratic party has done nothing but welcome them (us) and offered the olive branch (gag) by kicking off the first night with events for "the progressives" and they were just ruining it.  

About the tenth time she spewed the rhetoric of "they refuse to unify with the party, unlike in 2008 when the party came together and supported Obama, and that race was MUCH closer", I had to turn it off.  It was like she thought that since she was not directly named in the DNC scandal, she could continue with the same old storyline and ignore all reason.  This is when I realized that she was not a news person, just a bad actor, on a propaganda network.  Bye Rachel.

Also, I figured out how to switch the "News" button on the remote to delete MSNBC and replace it with C-span, LOL.
Great speech.  Excited to follow and support tulsi in the future.  Gotta start grooming her for the white house!
This woman is a true American patriot. Thank you Tulsi for your temendous courage and dedication. 
I would be proud to have Tulsi Gabbard as president.   

One day it will happen (God willing), despite the Democratic National Party.  

Tulsi is the opposite of Clinton in every way.  Tulsi worthy of being president.  

Hillary is trying to manipulate people/system to become president.  

Hillary will be Romney 2.0, when she's rejected in November.  And the Democratic National Party will wonder why Trump is president, when everyone hates Trump.  The answer will be  ...  he's not Hillary.  
I really dread to hear about what shit clinton puts her through because of this :(
Awesome!
i love her. 
Well I just balled listening to that. I'm excited to see what her future holds for her. Such an inspiration. 
God, I just love this woman. Integrity, honesty, she's media-polished as hell and is so naturally beautiful it seems like there's something in Hawaii's water. If my husband left me for her I'd probably be jealous.
Also institute across the board, [Verifiable Paper Ballots in November](http://www.nationofchange.org/news/2016/06/26/big-lesson-uk-brexit-vote-americans-done-paper-ballots/)

  .  .  . Why, one might ask, does America vote by electronic machines instead of on readily verifiable paper ballots?
Bernie knows best, if he thinks its hopeless to fight against someone as entrenched and powerful as Clinton, then we should take his word for it.
Who would be the nominee if Hillary dropped out? (For whatever reason, health, legal, some leak, etc)
Maybe if he had listened to himself and went out fighting, there would be a mayor movement for the next elections, but because he gave up and bent over, now a lot of people will lose faith.

Instead of
> Do not go gentle into that good night

He went
>Not with a bang but a whimper.
I don't understand. We voted for him, that was not his to give away. It was literally our voice, our passion, our tears and he just gave it to her.
*A significant.

Why the double negative?
I fucking *love* NNU. 
Well, Canada is definitely onto us. My friend had a vacation planned to BC this week and the Canadian border control gave her a really hard time. Went through the contents of her laptop actually reading thru file by file. They were looking for evidence that she was planning to move there.
There are a few people like you who want to leave the country simply because they can't get employment or because they would not belong anymore.
I'd rather stay and fight. If all the good people leave its going to make the battle that much harder. Stay and fight. 
i have a fiance in japan. i could leave anytime really, but i've been trying to stick it out. i like montana too much to just up and leave.
The election was stolen and the results are bogus, that is no longer hyperbole or conspiracy theory. There needs to be a proper second primary election or the nominated candidate will be illegitimate.
The results of this rigged farce do not reflect the peoples will. The DNC will regret this come November. 
For me, it is important to point out that it is common knowledge in any professional setting, "DO NOT PUT IT IN EMAIL." (ask Hillary)

What we have seen in the emails, is the little trivial stuff that got by that golden rule.  Those people messed up and forgot the golden rule for a lapse of time.  

What we are not seeing is the magnitude of collusion that took place in personal meetings, phone calls, and behind closed doors off the record.  

If we stop and consider what took place off the email record, and ponder how probable the high level of collusion must have been, it becomes clear exactly how slanted the tables were against Bernie.  

* Exit polls egregiously off
* strange shifts in voter registrations
* Sanders filling football stadiums in California with Hillary unable to fill a high school class room.  
* media collusion


The list goes on.  Just consider my first point: golden rule in professional environment: keep it off email.  

Bernie got as much as he did with the election rigging and voter suppression. He won this election, but the record won't reflect it.


1. Clearly the DNC didn't believe HRC was inevitable. If they did, they would not have had to undertake so many activities in her favor.

2. Would be awesome if (and this won't happen but it would if we had a real democratic or republican system), in the light of the leaked emails, the DNC was stripped of its rights to put a candidate on the US ballot, as not being a legitimate democratic republic vehicle. I.e. since the voters didn't the party's nominees, it's not a legitimate party.

3. The contents of the leak and method of damage control reveal: The DNC were not and are not trying to get people to vote for HRC. Instead, what they are trying to do is make us *feel like* our nation elected HRC. As long as it feels like America's voting system is 'working' to some degree, well.... we let it happen. Because the only thing left that could get in the way of putting who they want in power is us realizing we didn't really have a vote. 
"But even though the process was rigged, she still got more votes so she WON you stupid Bernie Bros!"

-Basically every comment I've read from HRC supporters after this broke.
>https://www.facebook.com/notes/election-justice-usa/democracy-lost-a-report-on-the-fatally-flawed-2016-democratic-primaries/923891901070837
We won 46% of the pledged delegates, it would only take a 3 point shift for us to win, this would have been ours without DNC interference; I can't see it any believe different. 
Plus if those primary voters knew back then what they know now about her emails and the DNC rigging I'm sure he would have done much much much better in a lot of states, especially those earlier ones. 
He would have absolutely gotten 6% or more, easily. All it took to not get this is massive media corruption and bias, collusion with nearly every reporter, and voter suppression.
Remember it was the russians handing it to trump not hillary stealing it from bernie!
#Party united! Voters divided! 
The DNC favored Clinton even though it created a larger risk that Trump would win.
I believe it a lot more than I used to, hopefully more DNC leaks prove it. 
I'm not sure that would be the case. The fact the everyone in the DNC was against Bernie energized his supporters. I feel the more the DNC pushed back on Bernie, the better he did, much like Trump and the RNC. Who know what the butterfly effect would have been?
Not unthinkable maybe, but that's hardly sufficient justification to just ignore all the results. Unless you've got a better measure for who has the support of the Democratic Party, I'm not sure how you could justify ignoring the 30 million votes that were cast.
When the system has been hijacked and voices are squashed, the people who care, tend to fight back, we call these 'loyalists', Patriots. 
So Bernie?
"billionaire globalist sweating on stage begs people with values to forget about them" 
A "sane person" does not watch a video of a man being sodomized, tortured, and murdered, and respond by laughing with glee, and exclaiming, "We came, we saw, he died."  
Such a bad decision to have him speak.  He is there to appeal to libertarian independents which is the wrong direction compared to the other actions the dnc has taken to gain the more progressive voter.
Sane? LOL

http://impiousdigest.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/CmA5oUjXIAAqY0Y.jpg
The prospect of a sane and competent person working against me is really scary. Four years from now, her presidency might invite a more scary Trump from right with more supporters
Bloomberg endorsing HRC is a powerful reason for actual progressives not to vote for HRC
Exactly why I'm *not* voting for Hillary.  Thanks for the tip, Mike!
The problem is the subset of Bernie supporters who also are not sane. Those people were never going to support Hillary and losing their support is losing something she never had (i.e. it's losing nothing).

I have wonder why some of these people would have ever voted Democrat in the first place. Naivet, I suppose, which would explain why they are so shocked that the DNC was in the tank for Hillary.
There is another option. Focus on the long term and organize locally. We should be discussing the next election and where we want to be when that time arrives. Screw Hillary. We need to oust everyone who rigged this primary.
Sadly I think he'll be seen as too old, a lot of people were hesitant even now to vote for him based on his age, in 2020 he'll be 78 and if he got the presidentcy he would be 82 at the end of the first term. But perhaps he'll lead the reigns for someone else, perhaps Tulsi?
2nd term will be fine with me. ;)
in a wheelchair? I love the guy, but the man IS starting to get up there. 
[deleted]
Same here, I'd consider myself a republican leaning independent but respect due to Bernie and his supporters. You don't get that far without a lot of hard work and perseverance, especially given the latest about DNC favoritism 
I know what you mean, a lot of people liked Ron Paul for the same reasons despite being a republican. 
Except for the part where he endorsed Hillary. If he was actually true to his professed beliefs he wouldn't have done that. I actually respect his supporters, not him, as they don't just follow along simply because he says something (vote for hillary).
>You're not respecting others.

Everything she's chastising her for is exactly what she's doing herself. Complete lack of self-awareness.
>"You don't know the people. You just became involved and YOU LOST. We would work with you, but you're not respecting our people. You are not respecting others and you want to have the floor the whole time and that is just wrong. People would be with you, but you are disrespectful. And you are being bratty and acting out and that is not what America is about."

I would guess that the times she grew up on had people protesting constantly. There's your real privileged voter... "You lost now shut up!"
don't you love stupid fucking old people
This is my friend who is (was) a delegate for Bernie.  She reported back that she was treated like a second class citizen both days.  She kept her mouth shut and didn't argue with anyone.  Out of fear of being stripped of her delegate credentials, she didn't speak anti-Hillary anything.  Not a word.  However, she was shunned and luckily Democracy Now got a small taste of it. 

I am so proud how she handled this bully.  She kept her mouth shut, let the woman slander her and call her names and waited for her to finish before she finished her thought.  So proud of this revolution!! 
Hat lady is exactly who I picture when I think of a Hillary supporter
"You're being bratty and disrespectful and always want the stage!" 

Proceeds to interrupt a TV interview to lambast the supporters they are meant to "unite" with. 

Your friend is awesome. HRC lady is misguided and has the wool pulled over her eyes, I just feel sorry for their wilful ignorance at this point. 
So many Clinton supporters are obviously low-information voters. I feel bad for them. 
It's getting harder and harder to tell the dems from the repubs these days. 
Harriet Christian?  Is that you?
[Whenever Hillary supporters talk down on us.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTgme55AeWI)
Here, here!
Sorry Bernie, I will NEVER support a candidate and party which rigs elections.

No way I will aid and abet the dismantling of our democracy.
HillaryOrBust will unravel the Democratic party. We will see this over the next few months.

Sick of the bullshit, I think the \#DemExit crowd have the right idea.
I am not going to let fear drive my vote.
Sorry Bernie, Green gets my vote. If the end result is that Trump gets the presidency, the DNC is to blame. 

Trump is a bigot but I think that in his twisted, ignorant mind, he truly thinks he will be helping Americans.
Hillary doesn't give a fuck either way, as long as she has power and money. 

At the conclusion of the DNC, if Hillary is handed the nomination, this will set a significant precedence for American politics. This will be the day that we have truly been shown without a doubt, that money and power "trump" democracy.

Anyways, in my book, full blown sociopathy (HRC) beats a narcissist (Trump) any day, so please explain how Hillary has come to be viewed as the lesser of the evils.
I'll take him over her any day.  I'm sorry, but Bernie has gone where I can't follow.  I refuse to reward her corruption and amoral behavior with the Presidency.  Enough is enough!
He didn't literally say "Don't go Green"
Not voting for oligarchy, sorry. The DNC forced the worst, most corrupt nominee in my long lifetime on us. Already gone green.
As I see it, Trump is already disliked by his party. He will face challenges from the house and Senate during his term. We may get the best checks and balances I've seen in my lifetime.

Clinton is adored by her party. I'm surprised she hasn't talked about the time God told her she would be President. There will be few challenges to her will and she will easily navigate the hand greasing of Washington.

It's funny though, I think most of us that will not be voting for her, weren't staunch Democrats in the first place. There really was little party loyalty behind Sanders, even amongst his supporters.

Edit:a word (she can't use email, why would I give her superuser access)
NEVERVOTINGCLINTON... 

 but I totally believe the corporate mass media is manufacturing fake public support for Clinton & the electronic hacked voting machines will love Clinton on General Election day. 

Welcome to Goldman Sachs/Military industrial complex of America
[deleted]
Not only am I voting Green, I'm joining and going to build support in my county.
2014 showed an enormous amount of people did not vote.  It is better that those who did not vote because of feeling they did not have an appropriate choice did vote this time for a third party candidate than stay home again.  A third party gets stronger, a message is sent and people down ballot get votes.  Green at the top and dems down ballot also may be what saves the democratic party from a historic trouncing.  It would be very stupid for the democratic party to intimidate a block of voters who will not vote for Clinton under any circumstances but instead be making the choice to either show up and vote green or again stay home and deny all the the other candidates on the ballot a progressive vote.
I'll give Trump a chance under protest, but Clinton is involved in some dictatorial subverting democracy level level of evil. 

I don't want to be responsible for the outcomes of that.

I would have given her a chance if she took average reporters questions instead of staged airbrush soft interviews & hiding her 225K Goldman Sachs speech transcripts. 

She is too much for me.
green  party for me .
The DNC made their choice. I am open to voting for Hillary however as Bernie Sanders once said "the Clinton campaign is going to have to make the case to those young people that in fact they are prepared to stand up for some real, fundamental changes in this country, and that's the case they have not yet been able to make," 




Another wonder flux record correction
[removed]
Hi `wonderflux`. Thank you for participating in /r/SandersForPresident. However, [your submission](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4v32wu/sanders_to_supporters_dont_go_green_youre_gonna/) did not meet the requirements of the [community guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules) and was therefore removed for the following reason(s): 

----

Re submit without synopsis, just title. 

* **[Altered Title](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_title_and_subject_rules.) (rule #4):** Posts that link directly to articles should contain that particular article's **exact title** (with optional direct quote following *after* the title). Submissions should never use ALL CAP titles.

 * Posts linking to images should contain titles with objective descriptions of the image. Video links should contain the full video's title and tweets should contain the full tweet in order to follow this rule. 

 * If the title provided by the article or video is very poorly formatted (e.g., Burny! or MOV647), you may come up with a title that accurately describes the piece.





----

If you have any specific questions about this removal, please [message the moderators](https://www\.reddit\.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FSandersForPresident&subject=about my removed submission&message=I'm writing to you about the following submission: https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4v32wu/sanders_to_supporters_dont_go_green_youre_gonna/. %0D%0DMy issue is...). Hateful or vague messages will not receive a response. **Please do not respond to this comment.**
Seriously, even though Sanders was fucked by the DNC, he knows its better that Clinton is elected then Trump. A protest non vote or a vote for another candidate will only split the democratic vote and help elect Trump. Fixing the DNC voting process now is a separate matter, Clinton needs to become president to avert a Trump presidency.
He's trying to save this country from itself, and it's terrifying that so many of his own supporters are choosing anger over reason.
Naturally a bunch of whiny privileged white kids will help get Trump elected. None of his bullshit will hurt you personally, so what do you care.

I think most would agree with you. 
But Sanders supports Clinton because it is in the interest of progressive policies. 

Partly why it disturbs me when I see someone online complaining that Bernie is a privileged white male and most of his supporters are sexist. First off, you shouldn't vote for people based on how many privilege points they get, secondly, Bernie is Jewish. His father's entire family was killed in the holocaust, and he grew up poor. How is that at all comparable to Hillary's upbringing, not that it even matters either way.
Just think, if the DNC weren't corrupt, shoveling state money to Clinton's campaign and conspiring against Sanders, that could have been Larry casting the deciding vote to make Bernie the democratic nominee for President like Trump's kids did last week in Cleveland.

Instead they shit in an "I'm with her" hat and made him wear it.
If you've followed his campaign over these last couple months and know what his family and loved ones went through this has to be bring a tear to you're eye.
It makes me sad to see him relatively alone up there, beside for Jane. Come back to the people Bernie, the secret service is gone
Thank you for posting this (and not a CNN article). I actually missed this moment. It was heart-wrenching.
The onion was bought by hilldog's biggest donor.
NEVER VOTING CLINTON. Not joining Bernie until he stops promoting a primary flipping criminal.
Anyone have a link to the source at the end?  Where Donna Brazile mentions Jeff Weaver as vice chair of DNC?
Jesus Christ, why do you even have to ask? How do these people have no sense of right and wrong??
Yes, Bernie - thank you for fighting half the fight.
Thank you, we love you, and we forgive you.
Need to be registered as dem by August 1 to vote in Aug 30 primary. Saw that on canova twitter earlier.
[deleted]
You can call for Tim Canova it is set up like Bernie's. Oh please get them on board. 
[Very powerfull](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77LTh9QIhxw)
I don't think you'll get the answer you want
Probably done on purpose. The actions of the Hillary camp have very much been about blatantly rubbing it in. They're not trying to hide anything anymore, they know we can't do anything about it.
"This is like a 76er's game" Best part.
The DNC is a sinking ship, of course ppl are jumping off.  People are sick of corruption in government and the media trying to suppress the voice of the people.  Keep up the good work Bernie supporters
There's something gnawing at me about all this.  They're not even giving any fucks.  No placating in sight.  It's like she knows she's going to win no matter what, and she doesn't care if she gets our votes or not.  How can she be this confident?
#Bernitdown!!!!
Amazing - and none of this is being reported by the MSM. Grest reporting by Josh Fox. 
And the media claims it was "just a few" pshhh.
They are screwed. They can;t win with this.
Shared
I'm watching the Convention on NBC.  Chuck Todd just said the delegates are unified, less than 10% of the Bernie delegates walked out.
trump is our next president rip
I heard the children card be played twice in the video 
[removed]
Don't hate the media. Become the media.

--Jello Biafra
There could be unity. If Clinton was concerned about Trump, or about supreme court justices and not her personal ambitions, she could step down, endorse Sanders, and that would unite the party in defeating Trump. 

But she'd apparently rather sink the whole ship, she does not care about unity.
Clearly the best way to get party unity, get a comedian on stage to ridicule Sanders supporters.
The Democratic Party would rather lose with Hillary than win with Bernie. That's the lesson here. If Bernie became president, the entire system of legalized corruption that fuels both parties would take a huge hit.
At this point it's all on Assange.  Bernie is doing what he needs to, and our delegates are doing what they need to.  Assange and Wikileaks have the potential to push this thing over the edge, in my opinion.
It is time for progressives to unite and tell the Democratic party that they cannot count on us. We need to let them know that they dont have our votes and their candidate will lose the general election if they do not nominate our choice.

If they still go down the path of their rigged candidate, we need to follow through with not voting for the democratic ticket. Real revolution happen at great risk, if you cannot survive the risk of a 4 year term of a republican candidate - please stop lying to yourself that you are a revolutionary.
They don't actually want to do what it would take to win, which is to choose a candidate with a better chance of winning.  
I don't know why everyone is so worried about Trump becoming president if Bernie supporters don't vote for Clinton. She'll just rig the general, too.

In all seriousness, I think the fears of Trump are really overblown. My entire family is disgusted by him, and they have been firmly in the Republican camp their whole lives. They'll be voting third-party this year.
In fairness, die-hard Clinton supporters were only nice to Bernie because he had capitulated. If Bernie had showed up fighting for the nomination the other half of the room would have been booing just as hard.

I still agree that unity could have been achieved much better with Bernie as the nominee, of course.
they're concerned with furthering the racketeering operation that is the clinton foundation.
Absolutely. If they are as petrified of Trump as they say they are (over and over and over), they'd toss out their pathetically weak candidate - as per the role of the superdelegates - and replace them with the one who comprehensively demolishes him. 

It's all pantomime. They don't actually give a hoot. 
I heard the boos and chants too, but it's a little disingenuous to say 50% of the crowd was booing Hillarys name. Embellishments like this do not help the cause. 
Currently, Bernie Sanders is the only hope for the Democratic Party.

Should he squeak out the nomination, his poll numbers would rally into a steamrolling that hasn't been seen in decades.

Should he lose, the Party bosses will beg and plead for him to do what he can to lure his supporters to help Clinton squeak out a victory in the fall.
not to mention he seemed to have been the only (or one of the few) speakers where EVERYBODY in the room got quiet to listen to. for every other speaker, you could always hear a lot of noise from the crowd. 
It's not democratic to overturn the will of the voters.
according to the dems, it's her turn tho. Equality.
psst, they don't really care.  They will when they lose a ton of seats in congress, though (it'll be too little, too late, though)
Yup
Tell me this: do you really think that if Bernie Sanders was nominated that there wouldn't be upset Clinton supporters? Do you really think they'd all just vote for Bernie automatically? I want Bernie, you want Bernie, but a lot of Clinton supporters would see his nomination as affront to democracy. The party would be less unified than it is now.
They don't care about defeating Trump. They care about electing Hillary.
If this is bullshit and we are being conned and Bernie has gone ahead and endorsed HRC, then by this logic Bernie is conning you, too. That's the problem that I have with this argument. If you believe that all of this is a lie and a con, then Bernie is going along with it and by endorsing her, he is also endorsing the con. 
At this point I wouldn't be surprised that even if he somehow got nominated he would give it to Clinton. Hate to be the 1458th to say this but the only way I can make sense of his behavior is either that he believes the confirmed Clinton biased media that somehow a Trump presidency would be harmful for his country (very unlikely since he seems to be intelligent enough to know the power of the Senate and the House and the SCOTUS that wouldn't allow him to do that)  or he got paid off. 
HRC beat Sanders by about 3 million votes. I don't understand why the Bernie Bros can't do simple math. She won -- fair & square -- and she will be the nominee. It's not hard to understand.
Ladies and gentlemen, 

It's been an honor and a privilege.  

Good idea  
#OurRevoluton needs a subreddit.
New Party!
@ninaturner was just ejected from the building for not sitting down,shutting up and paying homage to the queen. #DemsInPhilly #ThankYouNina
People aren't allowed to leave? Isn't this a fire hazard?
What the fuck is even happening? Seriously, what is this shit? 
https://twitter.com/CassandraRules/status/758102111280361472
Break the doors down
This is one of the shadiest things I've seen in my lifetime.  I have never seen the media this jacked up trying to suppress its own people.  There is some major filtering going on behind the scenes, the protest live streams disappeared from YouTube, even this subreddit seems to be heavily filtered, only gonna get worse ppl
Can you please post more images or more information? I am really interested in this.
Periscope https://www.periscope.tv/CassandraRules/1mrGmbWWPzWJy
reports of protesters coming out of everywhere.
Video from inside the media tent. 

https://www.facebook.com/darcy.hutchings/videos/10100176236857363/
Explanation of what has happened in the past few hours. 

https://www.facebook.com/darcy.hutchings/videos/10100176262650673/
[deleted]
Unity right?
This isn't from the convention.
He would've gotten decked if that was me.
This is from two weeks ago...
This is not the convention. Although this was happening at the convention as well. 
This is outrageous.
People need to upvote and share this immediately 
That is fucked.  Further proof that the Democratic party has shunned the will of the people
I teared up when he got on stage last night. You could tell that was the hardest speech he ever had to give.


CNN can go shove it. 

##No click for you.##
my heart hurts for this. we're so fucked
Screw the delegates for choosing clinton
It was even worse than we thought:

>"But during the three-month period when the DNC was working to spin the situation, state parties kept less than **one half of one percent** of the $82 million raised through the arrangement  validating concerns raised by campaign finance watchdogs, state party allies and Bernie Sanders supporters."
Dear Hillary, If you lose this election.  It's because of things like this.  You are always involved in one shady deal after another, which you spin (like this and like your foundation having a charitable purpose), and it always turns out to be just as the rumor (conspiracy theory) was alleging.  I know you have survived all this so far, but if you fail this time, it's your own doing.   
I think we are witnessing just how decrepit the press has become. The Sanders campaign handed them this story and it went nowhere. The press is completely co-opted.
Wonder if mods will delete this.
This is disturbing
Jeff Weaver had said a few months back that he would stay a Democrat, do I remember this correctly?  If that's the case and he's changing his mind, that's a pretty big deal, he generally does what he says he'll do.  The tail end must've really got to him.  

I've also heard that he won't fundraise for her, but I haven't seen any news on that, anybody have a source?
not a true warrior
would be the same as not voting for president in my state, no write ins.

i'm voting green to get the party closer to federal funding. better to have a 3rd party than not. and i'm not voting for johnson who is pro-tpp.
[deleted]
[removed]
Yup that's what I'm doing. Personally I feel like Jill Stein has been a Vulture just before the Cali Primary in trying to get Bernie voters to support her. Her values are "close" but nothing at all like Bernie when it comes down to it, Bernie is the only one closest to what I wanted in our next president. Hell the one major problem I have with Jill is she doesn't have any experience as a politician (which can be a good thing) but when you are going to be the leader of the US you kinda should have some experience at some point. But that's just my opinion. 
Check out BernieVote.com
Nice. 
[removed]
> Don't Let Bernie Endorsing Hillary Distract You From What Matters

That this election is now literally a referendum on whether one of the participants gets indicted.  
It's funny that this is getting upvoted like crazy now that it's too late.

It didn't show up until some time after it had been posted for ten minutes. It just didn't show up in the New section of the sub. Like it was held up in limbo. 
HIS FACE GOT ALL RED AND HE LOOKED SO HAPPY 8)
Is he the nominee??
What do you mean? Is he the nominee?? Can someone please explain??!
Really according to his speech he just moved out of the way proclaiming Hillary the nominee. 
I should have clarified: Nominated for the nomination of President.
You're so wrong.
So easily satisfied..... Pathetic if you think about it. Just a meaningless consolation prize. Could've had more if he thought till the end
Thanks for sharing, propaganda media at its finest 
Disgusting. Not surprised
Right at the end, you can hear him saying that Bernie supporters are a distraction. F that. 
My local news covered the convention and started off by saying she had a Hillary supporter to her right, and a Bernie supporter to her left.

The Hillary supporter got to speak for 3 minutes.

They never talked to the Bernie supporter.

He sat there with a confused look right before they cut away from their seats.
He should shout "propaganda" to ruin the footage. 
Is this not illegal or something?!?!?!?!  Why the hell hasn't anything been done about this leak?!?!?!
Or you can Bern the woods down.  
Check out BernieVote.com 
Bernie was the path most traveled. Most voted for Bernie! 
I'm so glad this sub is back up missed y'all

 love
* **r/Tulsi**
* [Video of the nomination](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylGUSfkskmY&feature=youtu.be&t=8s)
Tulsi is an incredibly unintelligent woman, and when she loses to Shay Chan Hodges I'll laugh because of all the bridges she's burned. 
Thank you delegates. You did the right thing. I wish great things for all of you. You are really brave  and half the country will always be beholden to you. I am so grateful for everything that you did. Thank you.
I must be banned from posting a text or link so for those interested in seeing great photographs from the protest not shown in the US media:
(Scroll down)

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3709637/Bernie-Sanders-reduced-tears-emotional-brother-Larry-votes-delegate-roll-call-tells-crowd-late-parents-immensely-proud-achievement.html
[deleted]
>They said the primary was rigged, pointing to the internal DNC emails leaked to Wikileaks, apparently by hackers tied to the Russian government.

Disappointed in you Alex, unless your editor threw that in. It's amazing to me how fast these lies are accepted at face value and then repeated with such passivity.
I was going to post this.  One of the very best political discussions I have EVER seen.  Amazing how different this is compared to the crap they talk about on MSNBC/CNN/etc
Seriously everyone needs to watch this video
Good Stuff.  This is the debate we have to get involved in.  

Edit 1: But an important thing that is missed here is that Hillary Clinton's *reputation* might be too tarnished to be the game-changer in this equation.  At this point, a million good men and women's good reputations might not be able to offset hers.
Some day I'll be as knowledgeable as Chris Hedges. Reich is smart, too, but I think he's wrong on this one. He thinks Hillary can be pushed to actually support policies to make people's lives better. If he's right, then future demagogues scarier than Trump won't be able to take hold. But I think Hedges' more cynical understanding is correct: whatever bones we can get Hillary to toss to the people won't be enough to improve many people's economic situations. She just won't challenge the corporate power structure. In 4 years, when people's lives are just as shitty or worse, they're not going to elect a Dem for the 4th consecutive term, and the Republicans will have someone worse than Trump who appeals to the xenophobes.
Reich is totally right, Hedges is usually really interesting but 

"There's no point in dreaming; If we've failed to create the democratic alternatives, because we didn't do the work that was required, then the day the election comes up, you can't pretend that you did it."

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQ1r0Ak50hE

Without a safety mechanism like this:

https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4uqb49/how_bernie_could_have_began_an_independent_run/

in place, there is literally no way you can take a principled stance the way Hedges does, madness. Please contribute to that thread so that maybe by 2020 or 2024 one could take a principled stance and the current situation would be the safety fall-back.
tear jerker :'(
Damn you onion-cutting ninja's!
Well, I cried
Beautiful family.
A truly great moment. Great man.
Bernie always got a little quiet when his parents came up.
It should have been him! It fucking should have been him!!!
I'm going to get downvoted to oblivion here... Oh well.

But I wonder how it feels to watch your brother weep as he votes for you, while you vote for someone else.
Hey now!!!
This is a great interview. Boulger is quite eloquent and makes the case for Bernie supporters upset.


This woman's passion is an inspiration 
[removed]
Regarding superdelegates: "They are either going to get behind a candidate that is going to lose to Donald Trump [Hillary], or they are going to get behind a candidate that can whip his ass [Bernie]."

Ms. Boulger is a wonderful human being.
Well she doesn't fit the narrative of young and stupid..... on the contrary she is very informed... like the people who voted for Bernie.
"Anybody that's angry with Bernie please redirect your anger towards a system that is stealing our democracy. Put your anger toward a system that is killing our party." 

She is right about this. Bernie did everything he could, but the party didn't want him as our candidate. She also made other great points. 
Can she be America's Grandma? Please?
This woman is a hero!
Earlier today I had written about the quality and the type of person that Tulsi is, I had also mentioned Nina as well as Jane Sanders.

Well, to my point earlier, Ms. Portia Boulger is the type of woman, the type of person, delegate or not, that gets it and exudes leadership and integrity.  She is my kind of woman.

Ms. Boulger you inspire me and I thank you for that.
Captivating
Wow. This was great. I hope more people watch this as this will surely not be on MSM ever.
everyone should be sharing this video...

so much truth
Anyone have the link to the original video with millions of views?
Where are they getting millions? 3900 views on the linked video, 300 ish on the full interview.
I want to give her a hug :(
What a hero. LOVE her. Thank you, Portia for your wisdom, dedication, integrity and passion.
I transcribed the original video in case anyone can't hear or can't easily understand what she was saying (things in parentheses are from other speakers in the video):

(Is Trump better?) I dont give a fuck about Trump! Okay? Trump is dangerous for this country and so is Hillary Clinton. Whats she going to do for me? Whats she going to do for my children? Whats she going to do for my community? Is she going to frack the hell out of it? Is she going to put more soldiers on the ground in the Middle East? (I love this woman. Shes a delegate.) Do you believe one damn word a woman like her says? How can America believe this when yesterday she proved to us that when youre a corrupt person, shes going to promote you? What did she do with Debbie Wasserman Schultz? She promoted her! So what does that say about the Democratic Party? We need to clean house. We need to clean house. (I want you. Youre on Cabin Talk.) Yes. We need to clean house, and I hope everybody understands the seriousness of this. If we the people do not get behind democracy harder than we ever have in our entire lives, were not going to have any democracy. People have been laughing at me: Oh well, you know they have been saying that forever. Do you remember this? Do you remember that? What I remember is, is that by the thousands and hundreds of thousands in this election, people were wiped off the voter rolls. Peoples affiliation with one party was flipped to another. Did we hear the leaders of the democratic party, including President Obama, get out and try to do anything about it? (Nothing.) No. Weve got to stop it. Weve got to clean house. Weve got to demand it. Weve got to stay with ourselves and build this revolution. Bernie wants to help us build the revolution. But Im not a sheep for Bernie or anybody else and I will not spend what few years Ive got left on this earth to help someone like Hillary Clinton. So come take my credentials! (Needless to say, I love this woman. And we were just crying together because) My hearts broken! I want my grandchildren to live in a democracy! Im 63 years old! I could be at home working in my garden! I could be crocheting for the next little great-grandchild I got coming! But Im here because I really want this earth to live! I want my babies to live. I want my grandchildren to go to college and I dont give a shit who says we cant afford it! Because this is about priority spending. Are the people that pull that lever for Hillary Clinton going to be able to answer one question: Is it okay for people to cheat and lie? Is that what we want in the most important office in our world? Because thats what theyre going to be voting for! (I love her and shell be my friend forever.) I love you. Thank you.
Thanks real bernie
Already planning on it. Call to all southern voters who want change but also don't want Trump in the white house: your democratic vote won't matter at all, go third party. Let's be the ones to give this country a boost in democracy 
I love that he gets so upset at people spreading the idea that not voting for one of the two major parties is "throwing away my vote".

How the *F* is voting for who I think best classify as anything but "Voting my vote."
I'm no longer supporting the democratic party. Filing for a change in party affiliation this week.
So believe him then but not now?
That's before he was a multi-millionaire...now it's*[ G5's in the goodie room.](https://youtu.be/uvkuLe-s_po?t=28s)*
In fucking sane
Hillary2008 or Hillary2016 for President?
this won't work mods stop trying to make it happen

if you close this down the people will not follow
So you will go out without fighting like Bernie did?
Having thought about this a well as a lay citizen can, my best guess is there would be an election commission established as there was in an prior election - I forgot the year - I think 1870s or 1880s....It was an enlightening mess........
Trust Vote explained at their meetings at the end of May that the voting machines are owned by Republicans. They made it a point to say that they don't know who manipulated the machines during this primary.

Richard Charnin has analyzed the results of the 2014 elections. He found 6-7 governors races were manipulated for the Republicans, and some Senate and House races too. He said that Scott Walker did not win his three elections. Charnin also found that an average of an 8 point shift went to the Republicans in six presidential races from 1988 to 2008. And that votes were stolen from Obama in the 2008 primary. Obama won because he had a big enough lead against Hillary.
You mean rigging like the GOP did with the Gore vs Bush with the help a of a right wing Supreme Court ?
Dems are not the ones rigging anything, get real.
yeah! Never lose you anger over injustice 
feed https://www.periscope.tv/CassandraRules/1mrGmbWWPzWJy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHqITGYj0_I
Oh Barry, what did you do to that legacy now
How is this not a crime? 
How in the fuck is Donald Trump going to prosecute anyone in in the DNC lol? For what? Emailing Chuck Todd? Hahahahaha
I want to know, how do i go about leaving the democrat party. The ONLY reason i joined in the first place was because of Bernie. Now that he's not the nominee. I don't feel like they deserve my support.
> Because of this all, I have a favorite politician and one that I can now trust.

Here, here.  
He did win, they stole this from him. Keep the dream alive because I don't think this is over.
You and me must continue to support and donate for down ballot progressives like Tim Canova, Russ Feingold and Alan Grayson. 

https://senatorwithguts.com/

https://timcanova.com/

http://russfeingold.com/


The suspicion seems to be that the next WikiLeaks release will be before Clinton's speech:  
  
www.bostonherald.com/news/local_coverage/2016/07/dems_fear_more_from_wikileaks  
  
Will be fun.
[removed]
Well, I am certainly not voting for Gary Johnson.
[deleted]
They just rolled over a failed voice vote and pretended the ayes took it.
"I was leaked" whats that mean?
I'm glad I didn't waste my time going to the national convention since Bernie just handed everything over to Hillary. I just hope he's playing a bigger game than I can conceive. I'll never participate in politics again. 
Thank you. I pray that this goes somewhere.
Why the fuck is no one discussing this, it is MAJOR! 

#The following is from the last page of the entire report:


#A. CONCLUSIONS

We have aimed to provide an overview of the evidence for various types of fraud and targeted voter suppression impacting the outcomes of the 2016 Democratic presidential primaries. After covering the legal background and the history of Election Justice USAs legal actions, our best efforts to combat election fraud and voter suppression, we gave a thorough treatment of:

1) Targeted voter suppression

2) Registration tampering

3) Illegal voter purges

4) Exit polling discrepancies

5) Evidence for voting machine tampering

6) The security (or lack thereof) of various voting machine types

Finally, we gave a date-by-date, state-by-state overview of each of these fraud or suppression types at work throughout the course of the 2016 Democratic presidential primaries. **Based on this work, Election Justice USA has established an upper estimate of 184 pledged delegates
lost by Senator Bernie Sanders as a consequence of specific irregularities and instances of fraud. Adding these delegates to Senator Sanders pledged delegate total and subtracting the same number from Hillary Clintons total *would more than erase* the 359 pledged delegate gap between the two candidates.** EJUSA established the upper estimate through exit polling data, statistical analysis by precinct size, and attention to the details of Democratic proportional awarding of national delegates. Even small changes in vote shares in critical states like Massachusetts and New York could have substantially changed the media narrative surrounding the primaries in ways that would likely have had far reaching consequences for Senator Sanders campaign.


#B. RECOMMENDATIONS

We conclude by calling for decertification of the 2016 Democratic primary results in every state in which we have established a reasonable doubt as to the accuracy of the vote tally. Finally, we wish to bring the readers attention to three simple reforms that would eliminate the mere possibility of the vast majority of fraud types demonstrated or evidenced in this report:

1) Exclusive use of hand-counted paper ballots in all future US elections.

2) Automatic voter registration, with same-day party affiliation switching as a mandatory

condition for all elections that are publicly funded.

3) Restoration of voting rights legislation which would ensure adequate access to polling sites.

Election Justice USA maintains that these recommendations for future elections, contrary to common claims, save taxpayer money. While beyond the scope of the present report, we aim to present a convincing case for this as part of subsequent publications.
Sound familiar?

>One of my favorite mathematicians is Richard Charnin, who on his website using readily available public information, calculates the odds of the so-called red shift" occurring from the 1988 to 2008 presidential elections. The red shift refers to the overwhelming pick up of votes by the Republican Party in recorded votes over what actual voters report to exit pollsters. 

>In Charnin's analysis of exit poll data, we can say with a 95% confidence level  that means in 95 out of 100 elections  that the exit polls will fall within a statistically predictable margin of error. Charnin looked at 300 presidential state exit polls from 1988 to 2008, 15 state elections would be expected to fall outside the margin of error. Shockingly, 137 of the 300 state presidential exit polls fell outside the margin of error.

>What is the probability of this happening? "One in one million trillion trillion trlllion trillion trillion trillion," said Charnin.

>More statistical proof of Republican operatives, zealots and sympathizers tampering with the vote is found in the fact that 132 of the elections fell outside the margin in favor of the GOP. We would expect eight.

Vote tampering: It ain't just for Republicans anymore.

http://www.dailykos.com/story/2012/6/16/1100706/-Red-Shift-why-it-s-important
Thank You.....
What next? I struggle but today I donated to Jill for the 1st time......Getting her to 15% and on the debate stage will help educate the public......
Hillary is an addict, and she will do anything to get her drug of choice, which is power.
Someone in this thread seems to be shadow banned, it says one comment is made (2 counting mine), and there's none here.
"It is Secretary Clinton's job to explain...why she should get their support." It's that simple. 
Nor should he try 
I'm voting Green Party. I don't necessarily think Jill Stein would be a great president, but I do think we need to bring a third party in to the debates, and voting for one is how you do it. My Reasoning:

I'm in a firm Democratic state, no need weigh the Trump factor.
Getting Green in to debates
I align with Green Policy initiatives
They have supported Bernie without waiver
I refuse to pick the lessor of two evils
I refuse to let them steal our democracy


Dont write him in if ur state wont count him!

This will have a bad impact on congressional races!
If Bernie had gone independent or in some way remained in the race I would write him in, vote for him, whatever it took.  However, if he does not, then I am voting progressive third party (green) at the top of the ticket and dems or progressives down the rest of the ticket. My fear is election fraud regardless of what I do. I'm still going to vote though and do my part.
Writing in Bernie will not work unless he registers as a write-in candidate in 39-ish states.  This depends on Bernie doing something, which he may not be inclined to do.  If he doesn't register in your state, write-in really is throwing away your vote.
New Jersey allows write-in votes, and I plan on writing in Bernie for president.
Read the post history ...
Ok ok. We get it. Everything is hunky dory.
Some = more than one.  Not enough for her to win, fortunately.  She deserves none of our votes, she didn't earn them.  
From what I've seen through periscope most aren't staying to support her.
Sure...
Likely they'll ask for some modification of wording in potentiality but not oppose Obama. Which really makes you think more about Obama.
http://www.politico.com/story/2016/07/terry-mcauliffe-hillary-clinton-tpp-trade-226253
So McAullife says Clinton is going to flip on TPP about an hour after her nomination.

http://www.politico.com/story/2016/07/terry-mcauliffe-hillary-clinton-tpp-trade-226253

If she does, should it be surprise in any way?  The committee that made up the 2016 Democratic Platform was made up of 5 Sanders delegates, 6 Clinton delegates, and DSW picked 4.  

Sanders has always been against TPP so his 5 probably voted that way.  The only way that a pro-TPP plank could have made it into the platform is if both the Clinton and DSW camps voted it there.  Her VP pick is also firmly in the pro column.  She was only against it when it was politically advantageous.
My husband is a del.  He's one of those connector types who likes to mix it up with everyone so he's made a point to talk to Hillary dels this week. So far, only met 2 who even knows what TPP is.  

He's also met a couple other Hillary dels who seem to be up on the issues but mostly a lot of low info voters who are there to have a good time.
I don't support anyone who is above the law!
Since he said it, this has been my personal motto. I need it on a T-shirt, but maybe one without Bernie's name on it.
Excellent post!!!  All our outrage has grown!  We cannot give a stamp of approval to the level of corruption we have all just witnessed over the course of this year, culminating with the FBI bowing to it and now a convention where we are relegated to the sidelines in every respect.  What would that say for any hope of a democracy??  What more can they do and get away with if we say OK to this???
Hope all of you will come and support Jill Stein.  We have a home with a party that is fighting for what we are fighting for.  And we need a 3rd option because it is clear that we have no representation with the existing 2.
I'm still not voting for Hillary. I'll conduct my next steps in the revolution how I see fit, and one of those includes not electing a criminal. 
This. This so much.  

The time for reason was over long ago.  
Plug for /r/FreePolDiscussion in light of recent mod power tripping

It's a new political sub without censorship
I am ready to vote 3rd party to send a message to the Democratic Party.

If that means a Trump presidency then so be it and may God have mercy on my soul.
the DNC are traitors to the American people.  "democrats" subverting democracy
Fool me once, shame on you, Fool me twice.......you know the rest
http://dailycaller.com/2015/07/17/bernie-sanders-shunned-his-socialist-friends/
Why didn't he set an example and stand up to corruption himself?
If Sanders keeps saying to vote for Clinton, we won't lose our outrage.
[removed]
I won't feed the hand that bites me.
Never lose your sense of outrage, but don't let your outrage blind you.

I've been sooo disappointed with Bernie supporters who have been quick to despise Bernie, and anyone who stands for progressive values, just because they've capitulated to Hillary.

Let's be reasonable with our outrage. Burning things to the ground is us making a hissy fit. Fighting the establishment through protests, running for local offices, and voting for down ballot candidates that help the progressive cause, is us using our outrage productively.

You are and you will hurt the liberal progress we've made and we can attain with blind outrage.
ah a walk out. the best way to say "our cause doesnt matter anymore, we will see our selves out."

the real patriots would have stayed and chanted bernies name still or "Lock her up" like the RNC guys.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enatqKAlbZA
A trump presidency will unite real progressives and neoliberals and will deliver us the progressive presidency we fought for with bernie in four years. Hillary would be eight years of furthering neoliberalism by hijacking social movements for political benefit while doing nothing about the pertaining issues. 
 
I am on the fence with voting for the lesser of two evils (Trump), voting my conscience (Jill) or voting for the most likely third party candidate to win (Johnson). I just know I would never vote for Hillary because I have seen what the DINOs have done to stymie progressive progress for the last three decades. I am seriously thinking the country needs to be shaken now before its too late and that makes me think I am possibly leaning Trump more than the other options.
Hillary is hurdle alright. Make me sick. ImWithHurl describe the closest ill get to imwithher
If he returned as a democrat I would've regretted supporting him. Thankfully he wont bend the knee too far and will continue to fight for us in the senate. Just remember to vote for your representatives and senators in the coming months as well. They're arguably more important than the president. 
He sounds pretty disillusioned with the whole DNC
I thought he endorsed Hillary and all that stuff to change the DNC platform and revolutionize it and now he's leaving the party?? 

This is one of those exceedingly rare instances where a caps lock title really is the best choice. Nice job. Awesome post, btw.
Thanks for posting---great site!
As a minority my self I sure as hell can  Whoopi.
Racist
There goes my ounce of remaining respect for her.
'I Can't Get Mad That the System Is Rigged Against the Black Woman'

Does that sound different, Whoop?. Both statements are equally racist and sexist. 
You can get mad that it's rigged against a white man that wanted to help us ALL.
Then she should be happy if a man of color (orange) gets elected. 
And I just can't get mad at all the Bernie Sanders supporters that won't vote for Hillary, including myself.
Jewish white guy...
She should be mad that the system is rigged--period--and that she cannot understand this notion is mind boggling. Here's a dark-skinned black woman who has faced racism, colorism, ageism, and sexism in her life, but she 'cannot get mad' at abject corruption and an obvious miscarriage of justice because Bernie's white? The rampant malfeasance committed by the DNC negatively affects us all (especially marginalized groups such as people of color). The cognitive dissonance is real. She can have a plethora of seats.


Good lord she's a fucking idiot. And people will just eat that shit up.
Goes to show you many people know it was rigged. They just dont care for one reason or another
The View consists of morons.

Whoopi also defended Roman Polanski, saying it wasn't "rape rape". It absolutely was not consentual. 
Let a white person go on TV and say "I don't care if the Republicans give Obama a hard time. He's black. Who cares". 

Where did she get that the system is rigged against women. She has the audacity to say "do your homework" 


You should be mad the system is rigged regardless, but way to show solidarity. /s

You know actually I'm glad she was dumb enough to say that, it will get the topic trending.
If the system is rigged against any of us, it's rigged against all of us.
Racism and sexism aren't bad so long as they're happening against white men. 
Congrats Whoopi, you just swayed a few hundred of thousands of white voters to Trump (yes, there are racists in the Democratic party too)! If you really want Clinton to be elected (I don't, but I don't want Trump either), this is a stupid remark to make on TV.
wow lol I want to get mad, but im just done. i cant even begin. GL in nov i guess.
I used to respect her. But after Bill Cosby incident, she pretty much went from a 9 to 0. Now. she's in the negatives.
Is that show still on?
We live in a weird world right not. TBS bowed to pressure and removed a tweet that poked fun of Hillary sounding like a hyena. Yet stuff like this that Whoopi says happens all the time, yet nothing happens. Other people are mocked and made fun of.....its all fun and fair. BUT NOOOOO dont you dare say anything about Hillary or you are anti-woman!
Holy shit did I just lose a lot of respect for Whoopi.  I was a fan of her films.  Man.
Whoopi's rich, and she doesn't give a damn about how many innocent people we slaughter around the world in bogus wars, so why should she care about Bernie?
Must be an anti-Semite  then
The View is the worst thing in the world.
What a racist moron.
Literally no better than Trump.
What? Democrats being racist towards white people? But I'm told that it's not real and that the retaliation is just anger towards minorities having rights?!!!
Now.  What happens when that system is used in reverse?
Now she can understand the powerful allure of racism.
I am learning so much this season.
racist pig.
As a white guy I'm always reluctant to call out racism against whites, but this is just blatant racism. Two wrongs don't make a right.
I'm infuriated that Bernie wasn't selected and that the DNC did a lot of unethical (and some illegal) things to ensure that happened... 

But, to give credit, that's a pretty good joke :-) She was trying to make a joke, right?

Just imagine John Oliver saying it in his British accent... "And for once, the election has been rigged against the white man!". I would chuckle before the realization of the nightmare world we live in sets in. 
He's holding back a lot better than I am.
Parents would have been so proud.
I am 45 and disenchanted with politics. Never thought I would see such an authentic and well earned endorsement. Excellent video!!!
Very touching moment 
Real people with genuine character.
If there was any lesson from this primary, its that cheating always pays off and only has the consequence of needing to apologize after you have won from cheating.  We should cheat from now on as much as possible.  

Someone label a storage room "SC delegate cafe" and once you get a bunch of people in there wedge a chair in the door and super glue that shit shut.   Anything goes at this point. /jkbutnotreally 
Sorry but that site has a lot of shit ads on it....For the lazy ad dodgers.

POLITICS
Sanders Backers Aim to Block Clintons Nomination During DNC Roll-Call Vote  Heres Their Plan
Jul. 26, 2016 2:22pm	Kaitlyn Schallhorn
247
SHARES
Share ThisTweet This
PHILADELPHIA  Bernie Sanders supporters have already made their voices heard at the Democratic National Convention, but they have yet to face their biggest challenge  Tuesdays roll-call vote.

Division within the party was on full display in the City of Brotherly Love as the convention got underway Monday, due in part to the leaked DNC emails that purportedly revealed the party convoluting and conspiring against Sanders, the self-proclaimed democratic socialist and anti-establishment candidate. Despite an apology from the DNC and resignation of party chief Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Fla.), tensions still ran high among delegates gathered in Philadelphia  especially within those whose loyalty lay with Sanders.

ABC NEWS - 7/25/16 - Coverage of the 2016 Democratic National Convention from the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia, PA which airs on all ABC News programs and platforms. (Photo by Alycia Monaco/ABC via Getty Images) SENATOR BERNIE SANDERS
Democratic National Convention at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia. (Gatty Images/Alycia Monaco)
Along with front-runner former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Sanders name was placed into nomination in a move that DNC sources said Monday night was mostly symbolic. With both candidates still technically in contention for the nomination, each will get 20 minutes of floor time later Tuesday. Sanders has not yet officially suspended his presidential campaign.

During the roll-call vote, Clinton could win simply by an acclamation vote from Sanders for Clinton, thus ending the voting process and making the Democratic Party the first national party to nominate a woman for president.

Clinton employed that same tactic in 2008 when she ran against then-Illinois Sen. Barack Obama as she cut the roll-call vote short. She then released her delegates and contended that Obama be determined the nominee by acclamation.

Sanders spokesman announced Tuesday afternoon that the Vermont senator has asked that his state go last in the roll-call vote, despite the vote usually going through in alphabetical order, and said that he will then acclimate his vote for Clinton, CNNs Dan Merica reported Tuesday. By going last, Sanders will be able to count Washingtons and Wisconsins votes for him before he cedes to Clinton.


But multiple Sanders and DNC sources also told TheBlaze Tuesday that by waiting until the very last minute, Sanders could be holding off to see if Clinton reaches the 2,383 delegates needed to clinch the nomination.

If she doesnt, some Sanders supporters remain hopeful that he could make a ploy to become the nominee; others simply think he will still acclimate his vote as hes proved his point.

Even Monday night, while he attempted to assuage his frustrated supporters and advised his base to back a Clinton nominee, Sanders said, I look forward to your vote during the roll-call tomorrow.

By mentioning the roll-call, Sanders essentially squelched any hope that he would pull the same gracious move in the name of party unity, Democratic operatives told TheBlaze.

Clinton press secretary Brian Fallon said he fully expected a roll-call vote to occur, CBS reported.

It is exactly in keeping with our philosophy that every vote should count, and that means every delegate being counted on the floor of the convention, he said.

Thousands of Sanders supporters and anti-Clinton demonstrators took to the humid streets Monday and Tuesday to protest, and delegates packed the Wells Fargo Arena with duct tape covering their mouths to symbolize their voices being silenced.

Now, all eyes are on Tuesdays roll-call vote as delegates plan for what some have called the fight of their lives.

Jeff Cohen, media coordinator for the Bernie Delegates Network, told TheBlaze to expect a possible demonstration from the convention floor or a walk-out Tuesday during the roll-call vote.

Its hard to get a consensus on what is to be done, Cohen said in an interview.

A Democratic operative told TheBlaze that as Sanders supporters are dealing with the pains of a campaign ending, they are also attempting to launch a fight for the last-ditch remnants of what was the result of the contentious primary.

It was a contentious primary, and were seeing some of the side effects of that, the operative said.

A supporter of former Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders stands in silent protest during Day 1 of the Democratic National Convention at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, July 25, 2016. / AFP / Nicholas Kamm (Photo credit should read NICHOLAS KAMM/AFP/Getty Images)
A supporter of Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders stands in silent protest during Day 1 of the Democratic National Convention at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. (Getty Images/Nicholas Kamm)
But even with his name placed in nomination, a group of Sanders delegates said Tuesday morning that it wasnt enough, especially if the move is purely symbolic.

Cohen contended that while he couldnt speak for all delegates, many are planning to adhere to what he called the safe state strategy: in states where Clinton or Trump is almost certain to dominate, Sanders supporters will vote for Green Party candidate Jill Stein or another protest candidate; in swing states, Sanders supporters will vote Democrat despite the misgivings.

If Clinton had chosen someone like [Massachusetts Sen.] Elizabeth Warren, the convention would be happy, and we could easily defeat Trump, Cohen said. It could have been an easy election.

Even prior to the roll-call vote, Sanders supporters have been antsy  some stood in the convention hall with tape over their mouths that read, Silenced at the DNC, and others shouted the oft-criticized chant that rang out at the GOP convention: Lock her up. Still others have clashed with Clinton supporters and shouted down Wasserman Schultz at delegation breakfasts.

While the GOP convention faced its own division between supporters of eventual presidential nominee Donald Trump and supporters of Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, Democratic activists said there is a stark difference between the fight at the RNC and the fight here at the DNC  how the so-called outsider candidates have handled the consternation. Sanders has publicly asked delegates and supporters to refrain from protesting and booing, Cruz encouraged Republicans to vote their conscience.

What youre going to see here is going to be totally different than what you saw in Cleveland because what they were doing in Cleveland was pushing a negative, said Matt Corridoni, communications director for Richmond mayor candidate Levar Stoney (D) and former aide to Democratic presidential contender Gov. Martin OMalley (Md.). Any communications professional is going to tell you, you cant win by pushing a negative. You need to be united around someone and rallying behind policies in a platform to win in November.

Democrats are here to rally behind Secretary Clinton and propel her into victory this November, Corridoni told TheBlaze.

While there isnt a clear consensus among delegates about what is to be done about a possible Clinton nomination, two things are clear to them: Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine is not the ideal running mate and Trump must be defeated in November.

The other consensus among Bernie delegates is to show everyone that progressivism is alive and active, Cohen said.



Follow Kaitlyn Schallhorn (@K_Schallhorn) on Twitter

LOL, Bernie got a massive cheer compared to Hillary. This will get really, really loud. 
This is a good strategy as it puts everyone, including the supers on record as supporting the worst candidate. When Clinton fails to beat Trump or follow up on policy commitments, these will be the people we throw out on their asses.
Maybe some of it will happen, maybe some of it won't. I don't think it's 100% pure click bait from The Blaze. 
I am sending you all my good vibes. Hope you have someone that is "good at math" and you get the delegates you need.
Dammit Bernie Backers don't tell people about your secret plan!
Let's hope he gets more supers than anticipated and that he then has the nuts to contest it.
[deleted]
Well, this is a very detailed article - it lays out how Bernie and his batch of civilian delegates may or may not approach the next few hours. 
Duh> People! I mark this POST as SPAM!
They're not being heard inside either, the media is literally muting and manipulating the sound and using different camera angles.
First winner of rigged nomination process.
As an European I find it strange that the event seems to be only emotional speeches and videos with some music on the side. They don't go into specifics. They are just saying that this is a problem but we'll fix that, we'll give you that, Hillary will give you that. It all seems to be just a pompous show to make people feel good without any real substance. Add some Trump bashing and there we go. 


Well, the whole American style of doing politics seems to be a lot like that. Bernie with his record was the person that I believed would truly care about his promises and not just say things that sound good.
Haha, DNC is in such a rush to lose the white male vote I swear. They act like we're not 40% of the active voting population. Sorry Hillary, but white guilt will only go so far.
This election, identity politics is the only card the DNC has to play.  "Third Way Democrats" abandoned the working class 30 years ago, but it wasn't an issue so long as Republicans continued to be "Bush Republicans."  Democrats could at least pander to the working class and working poor, even though in reality they were just as bad as Republicans (see, e.g., NAFTA, Bank Bailouts, TPP, CAFTA, Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Syria, etc.)  

Trump's hostile takeover of the GOP, however, is all about hitting the DNC from the left on the economy.  All of the formerly progressive positions -- anti-TPP, pro-tariffs, anti-Wall Street, anti-war, anti-NATO -- that are undeniably pro-worker are now the Republican positions, whereas the DNC is stuck running a pro-war, pro-Wall Street, pro-TPP candidate of the .1%.  

The result - it's all about "identity politics."  It's the same shell game that Hillary used against Bernie early in the campaign, when he was criticized for not pandering to minority voters, instead taking the principled position that increasing jobs for everyone was the best way to improve race relations.  
the pandering is off the charts

as are the lies

sad that so many hillary people

buy the bullshit (they can't all be corrupt)
Its what they do. Keep that in mind. For the next four years, the media, who at one time did more looking out for you and I, will be covering for this witch. Also keep in mind, that those you looked up to during this movement not only endorsed her, but called you childish and petty for daring to not let your sense of outrage die.  

When we have the same ole same ole for the next four years, no transparency, corruption in DC, etc etc you can look back at the moment the leaders of this so called revolution gave in. 
Hypocrisy
They all want to be a answer to trivia or grand school question.  
What, mi abuela is engaging in identity politics? [Why, I never!](https://shop.hillaryclinton.com/products/the-woman-card)

Edit: Bonus video: https://youtu.be/xlDqptoRR28
It isn't about the candidate being better, it is more of a reflection of an advance in our society as a whole.  Like, Bernie was the first Jewish person to ever win a major party state presidential primary.  50 years ago, our society would have never allowed that to happen.
You can disagree with people's politics and still be supportive of them breaking barriers. Have some empathy dude
Apparently you're new to the Democratic party. Inclusion sucks, amirite?
Lol what are you a fucking republican?!

Seriously if you don't prioritize the voices of women and people of color over white males you are an oppressive piece of shit and cannot call yourself a Democrat. 

One's identity is equally as important as their ideas if not moreso. 
That is why this subs is getting deleted. A racist trump supporter having a tantrum over the inclusion of non-white guys manages to get 85% upvotes. There is no progressive voice here. 
hi active /r/the_polpot user
Note: Comments or posts that call out Sanders supporters for being untrue, bash delegates or other speakers, present personal information to harass Reddit users or others will be removed. (IE no posting, "burn user x, he/she is a shill")

Posts that support any presidential candidate will not be allowed and the focus will be on the positive progressive reform that Bernie Sanders and all of us have fought so hard for this election cycle.

Posts regarding the DNC should be limited to the mega thread and live thread created for that purpose. 

The revolution does not end with the presidential nomination, there are so many down ballot candidates in your area that need your help! Find out more at r/Political_Revolution.

*Edit: Some quality responses below, others not so much. Interestingly, the majority of the submitter's below have either NEVER posted in SFP before or have not done so in many months. Some of the below even posted trump memes, "We have coats for you" that received tons of up votes. So if anything, this thread serves as a sullen reminder that we were absolutely right in considering the current user base both negative and not supportive of Bernie or his ideals. Thank you for all your comments. 
Im confused... a mod stepped down because they chose to lock posts for one night in what everyone agrees was a poor decision, and in the same post we're being told the subreddit will be permanently shut down to preserve the influence of the sub?

Am I missing something here?
What has me worried is the destruction of meeting places we had. Yeah, the sub may have gotten invaded by a bunch of propaganda from outsiders, but putting the place down in the heat of all the drama is hardly the answer. If you're worried about fracturing and factioning you shouldn't wreck the point at which we all intersect.

If you can't take the heat hand over the reins, you're essentially working against Bernie supporters' interests by unilaterally deciding a place some view as a shelter should be shut down. Don't get cocky, you're a team of moderators and you shouldn't feel like you're the spokespeople or guiding hand of this movement. You signed on for a job as the help. If you don't identify with the way the masses are moving or feel you can't handle the responsibility anymore that's your own inner conflict to cope with.

Personally I feel like discourse helps keep us honest. The quest for a safe space is a pipe dream, and if you're alarmed by death threats over politics on the internet you might be shocked to hear people do it over innocuous things daily.
>In Solidarity

LMAO. Thousands and thousand of people are sitting here begging this sub-reddit not to be closed down. And 4-6 people in positions of power are making a decision of censorship for 225k.

Yeah that's not solidarity.
I think it is a terrible mistake to shut this sub down. It will take years for another group to rise up like this. Sure there are trolls but they will die off after the news does. This movement needs to continue; not on just r/political_revolution but here on S4P too. This community of 226000 users needs to remain a place for discussion and organization. Shutting it down will cripple the movement, which might be the goal. If the sub cannot be maintained add more mods, if you cannot or do not want to mod then step aside. There have been several users that have reached our to me and expressed the desire to keep this sub going. I understand a desire to preserve the history of the campaign but that was just the start not the end. Is there anything we can do to keep this sub alive?

edit: After some discussion, I do not think that the mods will freely listen to this community. Does anyone know if there is anything we can do to keep this sub alive. I'm not sure what reddit's policy is in regards to these messy issues...
This place is a relic of a movement that hasn't ended. 250k people with similar views have flocked to this subreddit to keep pushing the movement forward, together. 

I am hearing you/mods are feeling done with your responsibilities in this place, and it's your right to remove yourself from this place and step away. But to think 1-5 out of 250k should be able to determine the end of this chapter is just unwarranted and outrageous. 

You have done a lot for this community, but does that really give you the authority and power to shut this down? I don't want to sound ungrateful, but to move forward like this is a ridiculous overstep. Appoint new mods, or don't, and let this be the communities problem. If this place goes to shit, it's on the community, and if it does, this subreddit won't end up lasting without you anyway. 

Please give this more thought than you have. *Why* is it necessary to shut this down for you to step away?
This is fucking idiotic. Are you even reading all of the comments? Wtf are you doing?

Going through the comments. I dont see hardly one if anyone supporting the transition, mods.  So, it's your will vs ours (200K+).  If your agenda is not self serving or nefarious then you will leave this sub open as is.  The fact /u/Vermonty_Python  is a mod over at the one your trying to promote after the shit he pulled tells me pretty much all I need to know about you guys.  My 2 cents is YOU leave and let a new regime come in and handle this site.  Good luck with all that over there, but I wont be following you guys over at PR - especially if you go against the will of this sub by closing it down and doing some redirect to your bullshit sub with a clown like /u/Vermonty_Python at the helm.
Kill the biggest hub for political revolution talk. Great idea.
> 1) /u/Vermonty_Python has stepped down as head mod of /r/SandersForPresident

Later...

> The sub would be re-directed to /r/Political_Revolution where we will connect candidates and organizations to their constituents, and raise awareness about many of the important issues facing our country. Our goal is to ensure that every American has an equal voice in the political process, so that we can bring about a future we can all believe in.


So you would redirect to another subreddit in which /u/Vermonty_Python previously modded and, minutes before this sticky was created, was made a mod of again under a different screen name?  You do realize how shitty that looks to people upset about last night right?

**Edit:  At the time I wrote this comment, the topic was ~5-10 minutes old.  At that same point, a new mod(/u/Vermonty_Python's alt), could be seen listed as a new mod in /r/Political_Revolution, new as in approximately ~15 minutes previous.  Checking the mod list of /r/Political_Revolution as of this sticky being 38 minutes old, his alt has been removed from that mod list as well.  Keep an eye on things.
Let it exist forever! It may slowly die, but I think it can be a vehicle for future organization as well as a reminder about all the good that can be done when we come together.  Feel free to step down as moderator and let someone who wants to keep the sub going step up.
You are making a foolish mistake. 225k users on this sub and you will shut it down? Who do you think you are? You are against the spirit of Bernie who was for the people's voice. You are actively working against what this sub wants. 

Selfish.

Edit: nice. You unpinned this because you couldn't stand the heat and are going to do whatever you want anyway
 

225k people are subscribed here. By shutting it down, the hub for a huge amount of discussion is gone. By shutting it down, the political revolution will take a big hit. 

This sub was the driving force at the beginning of Sanders' campaign. Now, it has been a force for progressive values. 

There are many willing to take over. By shutting it down without giving us a voice, you have disappointed and betrayed many. 

Mods, don't shut it down. Let someone else please take control. Please.
It's a shame that the mod team is making this decision without the community.. I understand the whole "we made it, we can do as we want" mentality but I do not agree with it and it reflects poorly on the future of /r/political_revolution 

Plus isn't the mod who stepped down also a mod over there?
Honestly, I can't believe you'd just throw it all away. Not being disrespectful, but please, check your egos at the door. You have something very precious here that could help our progressive movement. Change the name but please, don't do something crazy. 

Here's an idea: Let's practice what we've been preaching. How about a vote? A real vote from members of this sub? In my opinion, this would be the best way to move forward and the fairest.
Shutting down this subreddit is a huge mistake. /r/Political_Revolution will never get the same support. You're basically fragmenting your entire following and will never be able to get a subreddit this large again, or it will take years to do so.

Trust me, I've run some major websites with millions of users before, and you simply cannot reproduce the magic that brings people together. 

There are plenty of people, myself included, who would absolutely take over this subreddit if necessary to keep it open. While I haven't been personally active on this sub, and I'm mostly just a lurker on almost all subreddits, in this case I'd be totally willing to take over just to keep it open at least until the end of the election.
>I think when we realized the full impact of our voice when we all came together, that was the moment that the movement became real.

So what a great idea to shut down the biggest reddit hub where everyone comes together. 

Very sound thinking. 
Shady stuff going in this sub right now. Why are you trying to fracture the sub when it is the centre of the political revolution? If mod work is too much for you then please step down and appoint new mods. 
Moderators are not owners.  Many people want this sub to remain open.  Just resign and get new mods.
Don't use the word "solidarity" if you are gonna act like a fucking dictator and shut down this sub when so many members want to keep it open. And since nobody trusts VPython anymore, it is not likely that many people want to migrate to the Political Revolution sub that he started. I sure won't. 

Just leave S4P and let other Bernie supporters take over, ffs. Simple. 
Do not shut down this sub. It doesn't benefit anyone to do so as you can't recreate this magic on PR. So what if it has the wrong name now? Leave it; it's endearing and remindes is of who we are. Do not kill this community for no reason.
I appreciate you trying to re-organize the sub, but simply redirecting to /r/Political_Revolution just won't cut it. This sub has 230k subscribers, PR just 30k.  
You will have to consistently move discussions over to the other subs until it has grown enough. Closing down right after the convention and calling it a day will absolutely cripple the movement's reach.
If there's one thing you should take away from the convention, it's that you CANNOT force people to do what you want, you can't make them unite under a 'common banner' just because you tell them to. It has to be a choice, and by taking executive command and shutting down this sub, you would be removing that choice.

Let me be clear, I am immensely grateful for everything the mods have done. But there comes a point where you have to realize that this sub is not yours anymore, no matter how much time and effort you've put into it. It's become all of ours. One of the biggest gifts Bernie has given this movement, imo, is that he's taught people not to accept things 'just because', and to fight against injustice. While it's true some people do take that too far, overall it's a good thing, so don't be surprised at the anger and pushback if you suggest doing something that many people consider dictatorial (yes, you asked for feedback first so I certainly wouldn't call it a dictator move, unless you still go through with it after hearing that feedback). For the healthy growth of the new PR sub, please just let it grow organically, don't _ever_ try to force it. That doesn't work, especially on people who are incredibly sick of people trying to force them to fall in line. If PR is a quality sub, if it has what people need, it _will_ grow if you let it, just have a little faith in us. 

EDIT: Archiving isn't going to be much better than shutting it down. You'll shut out any kind of discussion and it will be seen as a move trying to force people to go to PR. I think PR's image will suffer as a result. Shutting down the sub AND archiving it would both be terrible moves that I think would account for the loss of a large number of activists/potential activists. Here's the thing: if people keep linking to PR and making it clear that the action is happening over there, people WILL go there, you don't need to force it. If you're afraid of this sub devolving into a negative place, so be it, I'm sure it will for a while because guess what, we're angry, we're disappointed, and people need a place to vent. It'll smooth out after a while, and unless HRC is going to need the CTR trolls for months more, they should disappear eventually too. 

We've been silenced enough, don't become part of that. 
Please keep the subreddit. Maybe rename it afterwards if that's possible to keep our outreach.  
  
Also, this would be much better discussed _after_ the convention, at all. This is distracting from the convention & current happenings.
The mods should step down before making decisions for a quarter of a million subscribers. 
What purpose does shutting the sub down serve? Provide a high profile link to the revolution sub, but leave this in tact. It's a historical artifact. 
If the sub shuts down, we can never view the posts again, right? It's like deleting a piece of history. 
> The choice is yours.

Let us have a choice, have the subreddit vote to remain open or closed. This place was the start of the revolution. The DNC was against us, the media was against us, one of the only things we have left is this place, and now even our own mods are going against us. You can't close it down.

This should stay open til the actual election.  After the election, fine close it.  Till then, it should remain open for discourse about the election and Sanders.  The fact you guys are deleting / banning left and right makes me assume you are now on the Clinton payroll.  I will not follow you to the new sub that is moderated by you just so you can do this again at your fancy or edit discourse for your masters.

You should let the people take over the sub if it is too much work for you.  There are plenty of us who will pick up where you left off.  
Really not seeing how shutting down the sub will accomplish anything.
The mods need to step down before deciding that they know best for all of us. It wasn't just Vermonty. It was you, /u/Pilgray who was removing posts at your pleasure this morning. You guys have way too much power and are way too willing to use it. 
Please do NOT shut down the S4P board!

We need to organize and regroup if the movement if to move forward and you can't expect every one of the quarter of a million subscribers to be organized and move to other subs virtually overnight. You're also destroying all of the wonderful posts that have transpired over the past year. Don't let the actions of a few cause punishment for the rest of us. Don't kick us when we're already down. That would make you like all of the others that sold us out.
please don't 
Given the purpose of this sub and that the election isn't over it should stay open and encourage people to write Sanders in
Unless the mods have a God complex, It's really not your place to make a decision as to whether to shut it down  - just make loyal Bernie ppl mods who want to keep it going 
Dont shut it down
Dont shut it down :(
Thank you for helping moderate this sub.

However, many of us users and participants would like to keep the sub alive. If you are stepping down then let some of us step up and keep the movement going. We need to continue this collective and even though the name might not be appropriate at the time, the main focus is the larger picture---staying together and keeping the conversation alive. We should look to reform this sub rather than abandon it altogether. Let's re name it Sanders Syndicate or Senator Sanders if that's the issue. This user base is outstanding so let's clean it up polish it and keep the progressive conversations and ideas alive and thriving. 
Do not delete this sub, so many great threads 
This is American history. This is the history of the progressive movement. This page is the reason why hundred of thousands of supporters are willing to take to the streets to take our country back.

You cannot delete this sub. Let this be sealed. Ban all new activity, and leave it as is after the convention. Let this be a motivation for other progressives. Let this be their inspiration.

Leave this up.
Do NOT shut down this sub! It's clear you (mods) don't represent us anymore. Step down and let some one else mod it, or you are as bad as DNC!
We disagree. You are trying to fracture the movement further by shutting down this sub. If you don't want to keep modding it, by all means leave. Let someone else do it. But don't tell us where we can or cannot go to support Sanders' candidacy. 
I guess this is the last time I get to say I will never vote for Hillary Clinton. Bernie or Bust. 
This is a terrible decision.
"to preserve the positivity and influence of the sub, we would like to shut down the sub after the convention."

Does this make sense to anyone?!

just change the damn name of this effing sub and let the struggle continue
If the sub is shut down, will we ever be able to look at the posts again? I really want to come back and look someday upon the nostalgia of my first time getting involved in the political system. I hope you're not taking it all away.
So this sub is about 2.5 years old. 2.5 years from now it's perfectly possible that Bernie will be primarying Clinton after she reneges on her platform promises. And we all know she'll renege on them.

Bernie 2020!

oh the fucking great irony! I come here to see how this sub was reacting to the scene this weekend at the convention and I stumble upon this! so sad, so, so very sad. I'm glad that the people present who supported Bernie made their voices heard in Philly, and even though those on stage tried to rally the people for Clinton, the people know the bullshit and still protested. very beautiful, and now it is happening here. this is a powerful movement, and even if this sub get shut down it will be reborn into something new. the voices will rejoin and must stay steadfast and loud
Don't shut it down.

I wonder if the mods want to abandon this sub, than can someone else mod the sub.

Wonder is subreddit can be renamed. We can rename it r/Progressives
All of the subscribers contributed to this Reddit and worked hard. It would be disrespectful to make the page essentially vanish because of some chaos at the moment.

I miss the good old days when we phone banked, face banked, volunteered and supported each other... 
Don't shut down. That's only caving to the demands of the centrists. The revolution should live on here. 
Literally the worst decision this week. Counting both conventions. 
You're the ones destroying the solidarity. I know to protect your egos you're going to blame the userbase, but this is all on you. You should be ashamed of yourselves.
I think /r/SandersForPresident is a subreddit that can outlive Sanders' political career. Not only do we have way too many subscribers to be able to move everyone to another subreddit, but keeping Sanders' name in the sub is a way to honor the beginning of the revolution. You probably shouldn't shut the place down just because he isn't running for president anymore.

If this is some sort of self-sacrificing action in the name of "party unity," then I'm worried that you moderators may have forgotten why we all gathered here in the first place. I understand that you don't want a Trump presidency, but you're overstepping your authority by intentionally dividing us up and stifling the movement to repair Clinton's reputation in time for the general.
Make me a mod, I already run Instagram.com/studentsforbernie2016 and will be committing to this for life
CTR WINS! YAY
You know this is all because of the Election Justice report, right?
If /r/political_revolution is to succeed, it needs to happen organically. Not by trying to force people to post there.
This is bullshit. We clearly want the sub up and running. Hand it over to other users--you're being egotistical. This isn't about you. 
Please reconsider closing this sub. Things got ugly last night, and trolls were running rampant, but there is an active community here that uses this as a beacon for communicating with one another. There is so much history in what was accomplished with this campaign in one place, and that's here. 
I learned a lot this election. As a first time voter, I have finally found where I belong. So let's march in solidarity my fellow progressives. Let's take back our country
I asked my best friend if we should take down our Bernie signs when he endorsed HillCo.  He asked me, "should Bernie still be president?  Then they stay up until that is no longer true."

Same for this subreddit.
Another blow to the revolution... This is a sad day for all the regulars on this sub. After Bernie endorsed Hillary I kind of expected it to end this way. I find it pretty appalling when a tiny team of mods will make a decision like this on behalf of over 200,000 people. If the sub doesn't go the mods should this is a terrible power trip. Yeah I'm not a Bernie supporter but I don't want my political opponents silenced which is something I hope we can all agree on. 
Well /u/vermonty_python deleted his account so I don't know how many questions he'll be answering...
Before this all started, I was a conservative. Bernie appealed to me. I changed my affiliation from R to D so I could vote in the primaries. While I watched it unfold, the accusations of bias and the battle against the Clinton Machine (the establishment) were nothing new to me. Every republican I supported had to deal with the biased media. I knew all the dirt on the Clintons already. Bernie being demonized. The Bernie Bros narrative. Violent protestors were Bernies fault. BLM shouting him down on stage...

My friends who were Democrats before this, all told me Bernie cant do it. I had faith. My friends who were Republicans told me I was nuts for supporting Bernie.

Then it was over. Bernie gave his endorsement, but I held out a tiny hope that something would happen. Last week when Cruz was praised by the media for "sticking to his principals" I hoped Bernie would do the same. Last night, it didnt happen. The same media would be irate if Bernie stuck to his principals. His supporters are now being demonized and insulted (as always happens when you dont tow the party line).

I hope that this campaign inspires some wonderful candidates in the next few election cycles, but I just dont believe it. Ive made my mind up already who I will be voting for. Being a former Republican, it wasnt even hard to do. My options are now (1) the establishment which we know screwed not just Bernie out of a fair chance, but screwed an entire generation of voters out of what they wanted or (2) another anti-establishment choice.

The mods should allow this sub to continue. Redirecting it is a cop out. Although titled sandersforpresident, this is a place where we all shared this experience. The ups, the downs, and now the end. It will slowly die off on its own, why do we need to accelerate that?
I feel like Bernie's movement was finally the political encapsulation of the humanist agenda. I am not sure if many would disagree. He has taught us that fighting for the shared human condition is above tribalism. I feel like his momentum will be carried forward. 
I just want a subreddit strictly for Senator Bernie Sanders. Not about the political revolution, not about Hillary controversies, just Bernie and his career, accomplishments, news going forward. 
This is a regrettable mistake. 
If you close this sub, we will have serious reservations about joining the Political Revolution forums.  I know we've all fought hard for Bernie, especially the mods...  If you don't want to run it anymore, give it back to the community, because the vast majority of this sub obviously wants it to stay.

Honestly, you can't make this choice for us, and need to split if you don't want to run the sub anymore.  This does reek of DNC shenanigans (not saying they started it, it's just in the same vein).

Signed,
Democracy
Re-brand the sub, do not waste the network of resources that was so organically built.
[deleted]
It is understandable that some want to move on. I wish them well in their future endeavors. But shutting down this meeting place for so many of us to share our ideas, hopes and disappointment, is just wrong, in my humble opinion. We have a cross section of America here - people from all walks of life who came together with hope in hearts and the wisdom to understand the current powers that be do not share our dreams. 

I respectfully ask that you keep this meeting place open for those of us who know we can make this world a better place. 
The worst thing you can do is archive and have a link to the Political Revolution sub. 

Keeping this community open, as most people here are saying, is clearly the correct choice that represents the members of the sub.

If that can't happen, and it has to be closed, then do a redirect. By archiving and putting a link, most people will ignore the link, and all the momentum that this sub had as a progressive hub will be lost.

At the very least you should put this to a vote for members of the sub.
Keep this sub alive.
Don't do it! We've achieved so much - I'd hate to see this sub disappear.
>  We were seeing several death threats being thrown out against Bernie, against delegates, against the DNC... 

Where is this? I can't find it anywhere.
This sub will not be shut down and it will not be redirecting, we as a community do not want that and also that would get rid of all the posts here. This is a large community and much bigger than the other sub that I am also a part of. Just because you don't like the name of the sub doesn't mean you can just shut it down.
The mods here don't deserve GoT character aliases, thats for sure. 
I'm mostly a lurker on here, but I just wanted to call in and thank the mods for their work. Even if the sudden *closure* yesterday was rushed, I understand what motivated it, and it's not easy to successfully run a subreddit which is in the state that this one has been in for the past days. 

That being said, though, I'm not sure if closing this sub is a good idea. At all. I won't attempt to restate any arguments people below me have made, but even redirecting the thriving community we have here to /r/Political_Revolution will never make that sub achieve the same results that have been achieved here. If you believe in that, good for you, but I can't see it happening.
Please just keep this sub up.
"The choice is yours"

Sure........

This is the most common opinion on this thread:

https://i.imgur.com/UHpAHsi.jpg

Check it for yourself. And yet you're shutting down. So yeah... it sure is our choice.


Like some other messages from the mods; this is either mis-representing or mis-understanding the position of many folks here. 

It is not fighting just to make a point. It is being opposed to various and horrendous actions by our government, news organizations, wealthy actors behind the scenes, the major political parties and the candidates propped up by them.   

HRC has nothing to do with my choice on voting for Trump or not ( i'm not btw ).

Trump has nothing to do with my choice on voting for HRC or not ( i'm not btw ).

Voting for Hillary Clinton is wrong and no amount of wrongdoing by Trump will change that.   I do love Bernie Sanders. I do not love anyone enough to skirt calling them on their shit.  Endorsing HRC is wrong; ethically and logically; that is all there is to my position and the positions of many others against Sander's choice to endorce.  


So you're turning away a quarter of a million subscribers who might probably won'r migrate in time and they'll be left in the dust. That's silencing voices. This place is my home, and the home for many others and the subs you're trying to redirect to barely have a percentage of the subscribers. I think you should leave the sub up for at least a month or so, so that we can regroup here and send subscribers and would be subscribers to the other subs. You can't just shut us down overnight. That does far more harm than good. Please I beg of you, reconsider while we regroup. 
I doubt anyone will read this, let alone a mod, but I am going to put my voice vote here and plead with you to not shut this sub down. If you absolutely have to, then close it and leave it for the archives. Have a big banner at the top suggesting people visit the subs for Political Revolution, Kossacks, StillSanders, DNCleaks, etc, but don't redirect it automatically. Just suggest the redirection but let those subs grow organically like this one did.

There is a treasure trove of curated information and perspective here. I have never paid attention to politics before this election. I have learned so very much from this sub. It has changed a lot since last fall and earlier this year, but it is still an amazing sub. 

I am mostly bedridden due to illness and spend much of my day following this election on this sub. It really means a lot to me. There are some incredibly intelligent people who post here - people who know way more than I do about politics in our country and around the world. I learn so much as I read, but there is no way I can remember this stuff - politics is a very new language to me so to speak. Let the archives remain - please please please. They are worth gold - they are filled with information and perspective that is mined from thousands of people who share these common beliefs about creating a just world.

My real wish would be for the community to remain at least until the end of the election in November, rather than at the end of this convention, and maybe then be closed with the archives remaining. We have many more leaks that may be released and I would really appreciate the opportunity to be here with my Bernie community for them. 

And for what it's worth, while I thought it was really really bad that the sub got shut down last night - I was on when it happened and felt like I had suddenly lost this huge family that I had only recently been united with - I do believe that it was a mistake that was made in haste and emotional stress, and that you should be forgiven. I can only imagine how challenging it has been to run this sub for all the mods, and I thank you for the work you've put into it. 

Mostly, thank you to all of you Berners that have kept my heart warm on many cold nights. You are amazing people out there. I hope we make it.

/u/pilgray /u/aidan_king
Are you kidding me mods? Come on, this is straight up censorship. Give it to someone else that will want to continue to fight and support sander. Trump over hillary anyday
Don't shut down this sub! If you don't want to moderate if, let others do so! You're not helping anyone, especially this community by shutting down this sub!
The irony is your silencing voices just like DWS did. 
Shutting this reddit down is literally the **most** antithetical thing to the spirit of Bernie's movement you could imagine. Throwing away the gains of a forum which 225k people are unified onto because the politics changed is the whole problem Bernie is trying to counter, building on the gains of the past is literally the f#cking philosophy for god sake, bunch of utter hypocrite mods **and it's no surprise a small group of people is making an undemocratic decision detrimental to the masses :\**
The data on this sub is important in the historical record of what happened during this election. Will the data be effectively deleted by the redirection? Can we archive it instead?
Can someone summarize what happened yesterday, and how /u/aiden_king is involved in any of this, and why he's apologizing??
Leave this sub up, but encourage a shift too other subs. It would be a crime at this point to remove it
Ok, so the top 200 posts or something are against closure. I presume the mods will listen to the will of the people.
well, its been fun guys, see you all at r/GiantMeteor2016
Don't post here often but I've been checking fairly frequently. I've found that the fact I can google reddit + sanders to reach this sub very useful.

I think that mistakes are being made across the board. Emotions are high and people are passionate. They need to gripe a bit and to let off steam. Hell they need to argue with each other a bit. Trying to tell people "time to move on" *immediatly* is a mistake the DNC is making at their convention and should not be made here.

I can see the sense in redirecting this sub in that it is a forecasted event. There's been commenting all along that this subreddits future might be in question once the campaign is officially over. However, the original plan of an immediate cease when the convention is over is way too soon.

Honestly I'm unsure whats going to happen next. We've been on a rollercoaster ride and that doesn't feel like it's stopping soon. This presidential race is *not* over and I would greatly appreciate having a place to view it alongside fellow Bernie supporters. In that regard Sanders For President still has a role to play. To be a place for Sanders supporters to continue commenting and watching the presidential race. To get information to help inform their decision in November.

We all came together for Sanders and we *are* divided without him. However, common ground once shared is good ground to continue meeting together on.
I am not a Sanders supporter, and this is maybe my...second time visiting this sub. I do not like Mr. Trump, nor do I like Mrs. Clinton.

With that out of the way, I want to congratulate all of you - you became something bigger than your candidate. Mr Sanders created a base of supporters that, as demonstrated by the events of this DNC, can not - and will not - be stopped. 

You all have an opportunity here - your candidate was wronged - pilloried from within his own party in favor of an establishment candidate, *and the evidence is there for all the world to see*. It's time to take that energy, that ceaseless drive that you all have, and demand reform. Call, write, text, tweet, whatever it is you like to do. You have a truly stunning amount of momentum and it's sparked the tiniest flicker of hope in me that one day, we can fix our broken system.

Please don't let this opportunity pass you by.
Shutting down this hub of the political revolution would be such a terrible and pointless mistake
So.. Sanders can't try to be president anymore? I thought this sub was started before Sanders even declared that he would run... Why not leave it up, is it just too difficult to mod?
>The choice is yours.

I guess not. <sigh>
Just stopping by to say I do not think you should shut down this sub and I honestly don't think the current mods should even have the right to do so in a sub with a quarter million members.
If you don't want to moderate this forum, then resign. We'll take your places.
Sad day, this was my home sub for the last year.  Gonna miss you guys on here. 
if the sub is redirected, does the content here disappear?  no archive?  
  
kinda hard to accept the "panicked" excuse.  someone panicking doesn't make shitty comments on subs dedicated to opposing our own.  I just think it was a shit decision period.
From what I understand, this sub was created long before Bernie Sanders ever announced he was running for President in 2016. And it's not called Sanders For President 2016.
Bernie Sanders is still someone to believe in, someone to listen to and someone to follow through the rest of his political career. Why shouldn't this sub be the place to do so?
Well, this isn't over.  Not at all.

Bernie will have to fulfill his party run obligations, and that is all playing out right now.  Few of us like that.  Hopefully, most of us come to understand it.

I've watched this sub do amazing things!  Thank you.  I don't feel good about splintering off, but I also am not in a position to make that call either.  What I can do is tell you some of us get it.  We understand Bernie, and we understand his plan, and we learned we can win big this year too!

22 States and 1900 Delegates on unabashedly socialist, progressive, good, human ideas, rooted in human need.

They, being establishment, DNC, current Government leadership, picked this fight, not us.  They are the ones with failed policy ideas resulting in more need than help every day.  They are the ones who have shrunk the middle class, not us.

https://np.reddit.com/r/WayOfTheBern/comments/4szzcx/bernie_creating_three_new_organizations/

Those three new organizations mean knowledge, money, support for a wave of Berniecrats to come!  

Bernie does what he says and says what he does.  I'm all in, as are many others at /r/WayOfTheBern/.  Who knows where we all will end up?

I sure hope it's to continue the fight with Bernie.  That's what I'm gonna do.  And here is how I feel about it:  https://np.reddit.com/r/WayOfTheBern/comments/4un41r/nobody_will_do_this_for_us_what_we_can_stand_on/

You all have my best thoughts.  It's not my place to comment further, save to say again, thanks guys!  You motivated and inspired a lot of people, myself included.

Solidarity Berners!




[removed]
so the sub will be closed and moved to an irrelevant sub to not generate criticism of hillary gotcha. if hillary thinks this is how she will win the general ellections than she has lost all touch with reality
Mods, this sub is bigger than you.  Stop the power trip.  If you're done with it, get out.  Leave it to those of us who still want to have a community built around the best candidate we've seen in our lifetime.
Again, fuck this nonsense.

You don't want to mod, step down. You don't get to delete everything.
So, this sub will be run like the DNC?   


Take a poll.
If possible, only open the poll to those who have already donated and/or phone-banked.

I think you'll find (unsurprisingly) that the sub should be allowed to continue existing.
Why not change this sub to "Bernie Sanders as leader of our Political Revolution," because he will be?
> In Solidarity

That's hilarious.  Most of the comments here oppose shutting down the sub.  You mods are not in solidarity with us users.
The mainstream media needs mods to censor communities like this one. This sub is a danger to their power. This sub expresses an idea contrary to what they want you to hear. We have seen the DNC leaks being censored all over reddit. The Clinton's and the powers that be have infiltrated and censored this site through the use of hired mods. These people for example,  /u/Vermonty_Python, are dangerous. THIS USERS ALTERNATE ACCOUNT IS THE NEWEST MOD OF  /r/Political_Revolution. [here](http://i.imgur.com/VTQ8Rd6.jpg) THIS IS PURE CORRUPTION. DO NOT GET CENSORED AND TUCKED INTO A CORNER WHERE YOU AND SANDER'S MESSAGE IS SILENCED. 

RESIGN /user/pilgray your agenda is showing and you cannot be trusted

DO NOT CENSOR THIS COMMENT


edit: HILLARY PAYING PEOPLE (/u/Vermonty_Python) TO RIG DISCUSSION ONLINE: https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/14183
Dear mod team,

I want you to know I'm a happy person, I rarely get very upset. But this presidential election has touched a nerve, and I have found some things I really despise: unfairness, corruption and censorship. I really hate DNC and Hillary Clinton. 

Now, before I continue, I also want you to know I rarely swear. I find swearing too much takes away the meaning when you really mean it. So please take that into account when considering whether or not to ban me for what I'm about to say. Because I really mean it.

So here goes: if you remove this sub reddit, which I love dearly, I will hate you as much as I hate DNC and Hillary Clinton. And to show how much I really mean that: F**K YOU SO VERY, VERY MUCH. 

Please note that I censored myself a little bit to decrease the chances of me getting banned and my message deleted. Because I want other users to see this. Maybe it inspires them to do something. Anything.
As some who made thousands of phone calls, knocked on doors in 6 different states, donated more times than I ever thought I would, Hell I quit smoking so I could donate more to the campaign, I am appalled at your decision. As Senator Sanders has always said, this isn't about him, it's about us. You are acting exactly like the DNC and DWS right now. Can you really not see that?
Please keep this sub running
Please don't simply redirect this sub to /r/Political_Revolution as I think it is important to preserve what we have all accomplished here.
Look at people like Tim Canova and Misty K. Snow. These aren't people who fit the modern definition of a candidate for national office. Yet they and so many more have taken up the torch Bernie Sanders lit long ago.

No matter what happens this year, we will still need voices to speak for us. Bernie always said it would take more than one person to do this. "Not me. Us."
Ladies and gentlemen, it's been quite a ride.
I am a Bernie voter from NY who has been very vocal about my support. I am unsubbing from here out of protest of the mods. It's a shame because this place has a lot of potential. 
I would suggest keep the site running for awhile.  There is a lot to shake out before everyone reach's a conclusion as to what they are going to do this election and this is a very convenient and relevant location.
/u/pilgray
Do you remember the vote thing you guys set up in May? The one where all we commented was a number and it was something that altered activism mode, IIRC?
Could something like that be done to determine the fate of this sub? Assuming a new mod team could be formed if it sticks around, because I'm sure you guys are tired.
I'm not sure if you've ever interacted with me, but I've been here since March. I haven't always agreed eith the decisions here, but I don't envy you guys for having to make them.
Thank you for doing your best, I appreciate it.
>The sub will not be re-directed, it will just archived, much like /r/thebutton

They already had /r/buttonaftermath and they're now trying to bring the forum back. Really bad example you got there.

So is there nothing we can do to stop these rogue mods from shutting us down?
It's idiotic to say the least and in the kindness way to shut down this subreddit, this is where a majority of the supporters get their information of the revolution, to shut it down is to kill the revolution, and the fact your not even listening to your own community brings a further divide between moderators and subscribers. It's like the Nevada Convention all over again, the majority of people say nay, but their vote is over ruled by a select few.
Here's a thought, instead of hoping many people go to the moderately successful sub /r/Political_Revolution, why not just change this sub to the Political Revolution sub? If the mods are TRULY invested in Bernie's revolution, they would want to keep as many people as possible informed. 
There will always be unpleasant/confrontational moments in a community of hundreds of thousands of people. It's pretty much a given. We all know this.

Why not accept that, and, having stepped down, ask the question publicly who would like to volunteer to moderate this sub? 

To be honest I was absolutely amazed at the cohesiveness, positivity and sense of community here. I understand that much of this is due to the diligence and behind-the-scenes work of devoted mods. It is understandable that one would wish to step away from that now. But a fresh crew of equally diligent, equally devoted people could preserve and evolve the excellent atmosphere that we have co-created here. 

Please consider this.
I don't get it, why shut this down? Why not leave it as it is. 
Please do not *delete* the sub itself or any of the posts.  Turn off new submissings and comments but please leave things in place.
This sub is part of the history of the movement.  I for one value being able to look back on important posts that have appeared here.


Tricked me at first with the rhetorical style, which is more suited to Bernie supporters / progressives. But the argument at the end, "Just get in line and vote together" was the tell. Still pretty well played - especially the touch where OP disguised a final plea to just consolidate around Hillary with the word "solidarity" which I usually associate, again, with Bernie supporters and progressives.

Sad state of politics. I blame the Great Recession and the prolonged economic malaise. If a real robust, broad-based economic recovery had happened about 3-4 years ago I don't think our politics would be as divided and negative as it is today. Life in America has sucked since basically right before the financial crisis.
[deleted]
Sorry, you can't delete this sub.  Sanders for President has become an identity, as much as Dukakis, Dewey, Mondale, Goldwater, or other failed candidacies.  No matter what happens in the general, Sanders people will be saying "I told you so" for a long time to come. You can't just pull the plug on these people.  The s4p people are still a group with an identity.

I'm confident that if you ever believed in anything you ever stood for here, you'll see that the only right thing is to move on and pass the mod positions to people who want to continue to use the sub.
How much are you going to charge Hillary to purchase r/Political_Revolution ?
> Please consider this moving forward; would we continue the political tradition of fighting just to make a point? Or would we overcome our differences to continue under a common banner?

I see the Clinton campaign has taken over.
You guys are fucking worthless pieces of shit for shutting down this sub. Spineless cowards. 
This is a ridiculous idea
Please don't shut this subreddit down.
Don't shut down this subreddit.  Provide a stickied link to political revolution, but shutting down this group effectively silences some 200k people who have donated money and time.  What "solidarity" is there with the mod's statement?
Fuck off
Leave it up and step down
You don't own the sub, you are merely trusted by the community to moderate it. If you decide to make the sub private I will be making a reddit request to take over.
Closing down this sub is ridiculous and selfish. You should be ashamed of yourselves. 
Don't archive the subreddit. We use it to communicate with one another. 
I'm just going to throw this out there. It doesn't matter what the name of the sub is. It is what it stands for. r/sandersforpresident should continue, and quite frankly, r/political_revolution should redirect here. You don't just take for granted all the subscribers that you have here. This sub should keep its name, and the focus be on political revolution. Sanders deserves his name on here, and in the future, maybe new people that find us will wonder, what does the name mean?? And we will tell the story of Bernie and  how the revolution started.

It is a BAD idea to shut this sub. You don't just get 200,000 users on just any sub. The name DOES NOT MATTER, it is the content that matters. Have both subs if you really need it, but it is not a competition.
I will say it here and now: My last hope is that Bernie knows an arrest/indictment for Hillary is coming before the General, so him endorsing her is a move to stay near to the party and be their choice for when she is no longer allowed to run. That's my tin foil hat theory, and no matter how unlikely I will keep hoping for that. It's been real y'all, Peace
Why not allow new mods to step up and continue the sub? You guys don't want the hassle, let those that do want the hassle handle it. Mods shouldn't just throw it all away.
No, a million times NO, this sub should NEVER be closed down.  The new progressive movement has just started and it will grow in the near future.

Any time you put two people together for any length of time, there will be disagreement and that is to be expected.  That is a Democracy, and like Bernie said once, it does get messy.  But, it does not have to be an all-out war.  Like Cheaver once said, "Opinions are like xssholes, everyone has one and they all stink."  That said, we need to have a forum for Independents, Progressives, and any others to express their opinions.

One good example of this is what happens everyday in a good marriage.  Yes, a good marriage, given how there is always that give and take like in any relationship, and at the end of the day, there is opportunity to have different ideas and still be together given everything else that binds the two halves in a happy marriage.

If there is any issue with the moderators, well easy enough.  Define an agenda, have current moderators agree to it, or not, and or get new moderators and move forward.  I would simply suggest that the vetting process be such that the trolls from wherever they may be, are summarily kicked out in order to not dilute the conversation, or diminish our purpose.

This is even more so the case when folks are emotional and fully engaged in the political process.  This is just one election and hopefully there will be many more to come.  That said, it can all be managed in order for the discussion to continue and for this site to serve as a means to fully test, validate and move any idea, old, new or perhaps radical, such that the progressive voice is never silenced again.

I can make a good argument for the fact that closing this sub down is akin to killing or at least suppressing the right to free speech.  This site has grown to become a voice for the Progressive ideas above and beyond the fact that the old Democratic Party is no more.  Worse yet, any progressive idea within the Democratic Party is bound to fail and certainly face severe opposition.  This then is an important outlet.  What Bernie did was amazing.  What his supporters did was simply amazing.  I dare say that this site was at the heart of this great effort.  IMHO, this voice, this critical voice MUST NOT be silenced especially in light of the Elite agenda at hand.

Thank you all.

In sincere solidarity,

Verum_Dicetur
If this is truly the last day this sub exists, I guess I just want to thank everyone who helped spread info, started new threads, or contributed to threads here. I'm bummed and angry that this place, where I and 225,000+ people were informed of so many important happenings (and just plain ol' nice moments) throughout the campaign, may no longer exist due to a decision made by just a few people. Many issues I was made aware of here would never get exposure on MSM, and I don't always have the time to sit through a TYT or similar independent media broadcast, where they may or may not only scratch the surface of said issues anyway. It was nice to be able to get updates here as they happen throughout the day on my own time.
[deleted]
There is only one other sub that has a decent userbase like this that i know of. https://www.reddit.com/r/Kossacks_for_Sanders/

Maybe more people who join can help make it better
"The Only Thing Necessary for the Triumph of Evil is that Good Men Do Nothing"

By allowing the voices of a few bad people to dictate action that affect many, you become exactly like the established government you are fighting against.
You do not have our permission to do this, retire in peace and leave us be with new mods.
Something changed, and drastically. This whole thing feels like something went down behind the scenes and that's why the sub is closing down. I really do think the sudden decision to shut the sub down has something to do with the amount of people this sub can reach. If it were really about the revolution than this sub would be converted or it would adapt to the change in circumstances. No, they were told to shut this down, by someone. 225,000+ subscribers has a massive outreach... we've done a really good job of spreading the information that the main stream media is not covering. 

The best way to stop this spread of information is to kill it. That's what they're doing. We will become fractured and will slowly dissipate until there's nothing left. Closing this sub down will kill the revolution. Don't let it close. This smells of bullshit because it is bullshit. 
Never Clinton. Bernie has won me forever. 
I have to say this.

This is a movement. That requires many, many human beings, many of which are suffering - whether it's due to Sander's endorsing a corrupt politician, the state of the economy, the increase of fear of terrorism, the prison complex, police brutality and the subsequent violent backlash, and many other reasons that make the citizens of the United States fear the future. There is sadness, anger, irrationality and all kinds of strong emotions at the moment. 

What did you expect would happen when you pushed for a revolution **consisting of millions and millions of Americans standing up and saying no?**  If you think handling *226,141* S4P subscribers is too much ---

> --- Consider that 250,000 marched on Washington with Martin Luther King Jr.

You're shutting down this subreddit because you believe there is too much "negativity, factioning, doubt, and mistrust." 

What I'm seeing is a natural human reaction when an excellent motivator (Bernie) is losing a high profile chance (becoming President) to encourage the people to reform the political system. People are terrified that we are all going to fall asleep again. That it will only get harder to motivate thousands of people to change the system after their "leader" lost. That there will also be an influx of the "winners" of this Political game who are happy to finally try and shut up those very people. And they cause that very negativity and mistrust as everyone is feeling lost.

If the moment /u/Vermonty_Python (and honestly, all of the mods on this subreddit) faces some kind of obstacle (like trolls messaging and calling in death threats), he immediately backtracks and promises to give those very trolls exactly what they want (the closure of this subreddit) -

> **You are not fit to be a part of this revolution, period. At all.**

You created this subreddit with a cheery belief that you could change the political system, *yet you do not understand the full extent of the consequences that follow that*. 

Take your history books out. Turn to "changing the Political System" and read **how many people DIED to change the system.**

- 33 Suffragettes **were brutally tortured and beaten by jail guards and their superintendent, W.H. Whittaker** in what's known as the Night of Terror. 

- We celebrate Pride Parade in remembrance of the Stonewall riots. Harvey Milk was assassinated for being an openly gay congressman.

- The Anti-Vietnam protests culminated in both the Kent State shooting and was one of the reasons Martin Luther King Jr. was taken out.

- And so many more people have suffered to make a positive change in the system.

Now you try to take away a subreddit that has been lauded on Wikipedia as a key area of activism, conversation and communication between Sanders supporters. A central hub, if you will. 

You take it away because you couldn't handle a large online community of *flawed human beings*. And you couldn't handle trolls who say mean things about you on other subreddits. You have given yourself all of the power. Yet you abuse that power in a moment of, what was it that Vermonty experienced, *extreme emotional reaction*? What next? You'll endorse Trump in a moment of *extreme monetary bribery?* Pathetic.

Resign your posts. Let the community decide when S4P goes. 

You could not last even a year handling a subreddit, let alone 40+ years. You will *never* come close to being anything like Bernie.

What truly disgusts me is that you *piss* on the graves of good people who fought like hell and DIED TO CHANGE THE SYSTEM. There is no sympathy for those who wish to change the world but run at the first sign of trouble.

**You are all cowards.**
It's gonna redirect to the new sub which I have no problem with. The big issue I have is that I volunteer to be a mod that help keep the sub clean from all of this crap. It is obvious to me that a lot of the mods aren't as active as they need to be in order to handle all the spam and trolls. The fact that one mod was on to handle all of this is kinda crazy for me considering how big the sub is. So, I'm happy in the new sub you are looking for more mods as you will need them.

You want to grow this thing bigger than this sub and with that comes a lot of bullcrap. It is the nature of the beast and if you aren't prepped for it than you will go down like the rest. 
Don't do it mods. I agree that /r/Political_Revolution is a good idea to continue the movement, it is still growing fast but it is nowhere near the size of this sub yet! Maybe once it gets to 100,000-150,000 subscribers I would agree shutting this down would make sense. 
Looks like this is going the way if the occupy movement huh 
Is there a thread for today?!
"do not post info on the DNC"we would like to flood the live thread with pro Hillary shitshows, tweets and hitpiece articles about sanders and his supporters.

brought to you by CTR.

s4p Thanks for all the fish!
Please don't shut down this sub
Mods, it's honestly disgusting that you guys never did anything about all of the Trumpkins invasions.

You let them take over this place and turn it into a negative "Hillary is Satan" hatefest.
Wiping the movement from history.
So in the past 24 hours the sub has been shut down, than tried to erase evidence of the shut down, then asked the subscribers if they should shut down (many said no) than the mods announced another shut down, and now again the subreddit is back in limbo. What a ride...
This sub needs to be kept up until the election fraud lawsuits and have concluded. This is a 100% relevant to Bernie running for president, even if its impossible for him to get that position. There will be a lot of news coming in relevant to this campain even after the convention, and we'd all like a hub to share that information. Never lose your sense of outrage.
Ironically, our delegates in Philly are walking around with tape on their mouths because they aren't being heard. 

**Hear us! We aren't done!** There is a new word this year, Berniecrat. And people here are talking, communicating about "not me, US". It's not about Sanders for President. It's about the movement. Keep both boards, people will read both and perhaps migrate away from S4P when/if they want. But **pulling the rug from under us will destroy both subreddits**, for the lingering resentment.
Please listen to the community, this is about much much more than just the name of the sub.
Please don't.  Thanks.
This would be a bad idea. Don't do it, /u/IrrationalTsunami.
In order to preserve the positivity and influence of the sub, you're going to shut it down? 

That makes no sense.

"This sub has influence!"
"I know, let's shut it down!"

Like what??...
[removed]
What we need is continued discussion of down-ballot races, whether that's here or in /r/Political_Revolution
We need to keep this sub going to keep the community together. With this election I learned:

-we don't have a democracy. Voter fraud, voter suppression, and disenfranchisement is status quo. Votes were not counted. Voters were suppressed through disenrollment, limited polling hours, reduced number of polling locations, voter reg requirements designed to disenfranchise, voter reg deadlines months prior to the primary, and closed primaries. 

-we don't have justice. HRC email scandal and DNC email scandal prove that you can get away with breaking the law and violating policies because you're too big to jail. 

-we don't have freedom of the press nor source of truth in the press. Everyone complained about Fox News. CNN and msnbc caught red handed suppressing coverage and taking editorial direction from the DNC. 
-
>In an attempt to preserve the positivity and influence of the sub, we would like to shut down the sub after the convention is finished.

Shutting down the sub ends it, it doesn't preserve a thing.

This is a nonsense decision.
That last part really screams at me that you want us to support Hillary. Fighting to make a point? How about fighting for the rights that got pissed on this year. This fight isn't pointless, and if you think it is you don't deserve to be a mod here. Unbelievable how quickly you bent over for Hillary. Really sad.
Whatever you do, please keep the sub in a state in which it's available as an archive of what happened, don't delete it.

But, once Bernie Sanders is no longer officially running for President of the United States, it's time to shut down submissions, commenting, and votes. The usefulness of the sub as an active community will have completely passed, and no good will come of continuing this - we've already descended into a state where we constantly attack each other, and that's even before we've officially lost.

The community can move over to the other subs and non-Reddit communities for continuing the social democratic cause, of which there are many.
>In an attempt to preserve the positivity and influence of the sub, we would like to shut down the sub after the convention is finished.

>The sub would be re-directed to /r/Political_Revolution  

What a joke.  Good luck with that.  Unsubbed from here and PR and never coming back.
Honestly, it'd be sad to see this sub shut down. I'm an unabashed Trump supporter - and I can tell you that behind the shitposting and general election-year tussling, most sane Trump supporters wanted to see a Bernie/Trump runoff.

You really only see the 4chan kids and provacateurs. Many people - myself, your older uncles, non-religious conservatives - just plain wanted change. The details will get ironed out as they always have - via the checks and balances present in our government. What's needed more is a general shakeup of the oligarchs in control. I sought that in Trump...and frankly, I do lean toward stronger border control and being a bit more isolationist in economic and military matters.

But Bernie had a great message as well - and really, I and many others are open to trying ANYTHING different. I strongly suspect the right answer is squarely in the middle ground...but the status quo is not that middle ground. I'd like to see Bernie's ideas about how to best educate and legislate our way out of this stagnant economy see the light of day. At the same time, I'd like to see tempered discussion about the value of our borders and citizenship - and the harm in continuing to be the world's police force - talked about without ad hominem attacks or accusations of racism.

We all want to win. That will take all of us. I think it's a mistake to let the sub die. Let's all keep talking. Moving all discussion to a sub about political revolution kind of misses the point. I want to keep talking with people who didn't concede and believe Sanders should be president. I think it's a mistake to retreat wholesale down ticket.

I disagree with many things this sub champions. But we all need to keep talking.

Thank you for listening. At the end of the day, after all hyperbole and mudslinging and vitriol is cast aside, we're Americans. We need a little conflict to keep things centered. Please do not shut down /r/sandersforpresident.
Do you know how many death threats I got for "talking badly" about a video game on my website? Hundreds upon hundred. People make death threats for literally every reason. If you can't deal with that, do not ever be a moderator of anything on the internet. It simply will always be this way.

With that I will unsubscribe. It is clear that this has done nothing and that many people want to silence us all. This country is fucked, and I will never reward corruption with a vote. I will never vote for a democrat ever again in my life and this was after I already would not vote republican. I simply have no voice in this country. 

The comments about atheists have proven the DNC is just as bigoted as those they point fingers at. I WILL NEVER FORGET THAT.

I find it disgusting what we have done to our democracy and I do 100% feel betrayed, as a woman, as an atheist, and as an American citizen because of what the DNC has done.

They have proved they are sexist (Bernie Bro = sexism) bigoted (planned attacks against atheists) and corrupt (do I even need to say why for this one?).

So yay we get to lay in the bed of those who are fully manipulated by the media. 

America is a disgrace.

Edit: I forgot racism! TACO BOWL! Good one democrats!
You guys sure know how to get people to disengage and fuck off. lesson learned, goodbye.
What the fuck is going on?! 
Whohas the mods so scared that they must stop the quarter million people on this sub from staying United? If you can't hack it anymore then leave, let someone else take over, there are more than enough people here willing to take over mod duties. 
Is it not enough that on a national level the voices of millions have been suppressed that you must do it here as well?! 
This is complete horse shit. A day after everything comes out and a day into the convention your already making plans to shut down the sub. Shame on you. 
not sure you should permanently close this place and make it redirect to the other sub.

i understand why it was locked last night, we're being flooded by trolls. that would be what i would do if i were in that position, and that's what i would do rather than delete it or redirect it.

this place might be a good one to look to in the future. the record of what happened here shouldn't be purged, which is what will happen if you just delete the sub or make it redirect to another.

just a thought.
A Future to Believe In.
Are you joking?? Please do not shut this place down. Unacceptable! The people involved in this terrible idea should take a strong look in the mirror and see the irony.
Don't close the sub down until at least after the election. And I'd advise keeping it open even after that, for anyone who wants to lobby for Bernie to run again in 2020.

I know it's a long shot, but shouldn't people have the right to at least campaign for it?
Clintonian Censorship
this is censorship
Greeeen party is the place to be! 
Let someone else mod.  The trolls go away after the news isn't relevant.  Through closing this sub you will only stop tens of thousands from continuing a movement.  Just think about how big this movement needed to be to get this many subs...will we be able to do it again without a central figure?
Not sure how shuttering this sub will help, mods
Can't we just rename the sub Sander's Revolutionaries or something like that, we cannot delete the sub, we've all worked too hard together to get where we are, which is saying something seeing the actual proof of what we really were up against. 

We owe it to Bernie to keep this sub and rename it in the honor of his revolution he started and the revolutionaries he created with his passion. 

If we could maybe just agree upon a new name, I see no purpose of creating a new sub that just does not have the members.

Edit: I realize we cannot change the sub "address" but just change the "name", idk just a thought.. With how damaged people's moral is now we need to be there for them and I doubt most of them will "want" to move to another sub feeling the way they do.
You idiots! Removing the sub will kill the revolution for sure! 
The state of the race has changed. I was originally for closing the sub up, but personally have changed my mind. Many others have as well.  
  
The only way to affect change is by BOTH fighting FOR progressive values AND fighting AGAINST Third Way Neoliberalism and crony capitalism. Political_Revolution can fill the former function, while this sub can live on for the latter. Sanders isn't just one person. He is ALL of us, so there always will be a fight for "Sanders For President".  
  
Please allow us to keep this sub to fight establishment politics. Sometimes in politics you have to get your hands dirty, and we are not afraid to do that. You have amassed nearly a quarter MILLION subscribers. It would be a great tragedy to squander that. You can keep a permanent Political_Revolution link in the banner, and if you guys no longer want to moderate this sub, many of us would be happy to take over and volunteer (I would happily do so).  
  
Please consider leaving the sub open. The struggle, our FIGHT, continues.  
  
EDIT: Also consider that keeping this sub open will benefit organic growth of Political_Revolution. The more people who are able to actively participate here, the more new sign-ups you will get there. Yes, if you close this sub then frequent posters from here might migrate, but you are also risking curtailing that organic growth. 
Keep this sub open as is with no stupid redirects.  Link that other shit you want to promote in the side bar and if it naturally progresses to that sub (or others), then so be it, but fuck forcing peoples hands.  LEAVE IT OPEN.
I don't support this at all. What a shame. If you don't want to continue as a mod, pass it onto active members who are willing to keep it running. 
Perhaps the decision is coming from the top of Reddit censors.

In any case, certainly there must be people in this sub that willingly would be elated to continue the work. Perhaps more mature people with a capacity to hold dissonant perspectives.
I made a post asking them to not close it also wasn't showing up though. 
> I am calling on all mods to listen to the community

> The community doesn't care about the name of the sub, this is the biggest political organizing subreddit. We can not just throw this organizing machine away. Redirecting to another sub is not the same. To any mods that feel overwhelmed by the subreddit I just want to say Thank you for all you have done for our political revolution and for putting tireless and thankless hours into it. We thank you for your hard work, it is ok for you to take a break or to retire but the community of this sub does not want to retire. [We will never lose our sense of outrage](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fuIWNCA2xV0) and [We will not go gentle into the night. We will Rage Rage into the dying of the light.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SlMJs0AxSyM)
Just keep twisting the knife. Very disappointed.
You guys really showed your true colors over the past week. Sorry but I can't be a part of any of your subs anymore.
If (hypothetically) sanders came out on top after the convention and ended up taking the nomination, would this subreddit still get shutdown?
this is a con job for the ages lmao
Additionally, by shutting down this sub, you erase from history all of the work done in this sub. Fuck that.
This place went from being a haven for progressive change to nothing but toxic anti-Hillary vitriol, Trump apologists, Shit posting for Jill Stein, and oddly even advertisements for Johnson (libertarians are the antithesis of Sanders policies). 

I can't speak here without being downvoted to oblivion or having my post auto-removed for "trying to campaign for someone who isn't Bernie" when all I'm trying to do is focus on the future or about the party platform. People literally make it to the front page with "Vote for Jill Stein because she says the revolution is hers now", but I can't discuss how I think following the decisions and what Sanders thinks is more key to our movement.
 
Not to mention people from The_Donald invaded hard here and further tore us all apart.

I feel like I should have taken a hike from here after New York, but I had hope that we'd some how pick ourselves up and continue to fight for the change needed (especially downballot). Instead, there's been this hyper focus on the POTUS race, despite Sanders saying that the revolution isn't something that can only happen if he's President. 

There's hardly any discussion about down ballot races. There's no calls for phonebanking or donation drives for progressives downballot who NEED our help and have WAY more of a chance of winning their race than Jill Stein ever does. 

If the subreddit stays the same as it's been for the past few months, I'm going to sadly unsubscribe. 
In the last couple of weeks this sub went off the rails because it became infested with Trump idiots, 4chan types, and other jerks.  There were the "Bernie is a sellout" posts followed by all kinds of lies, and a whole lot of negative crap.  I do not believe for a second that any real Bernie follower posted that stuff.  It seemed like I reported hundreds of these shitposts, including comments every day (and I'm only on when I'm not working).  

The problem seemed to be **not enough mods, and not enough rules**.  Over at the "Love and Kindness" sub, any slight criticism of Clinton gets you a ban.  **Why not have a rule that posts and comments saying Bernie is a sellout, etc. will be dealt with by a ban.  Period**.  Those people are free to post in r/politics and a dozen other places.

I gently suggest that it would be a shame to close a sub with 226,000 subscribers.  I understand Reddit won't permit you to change the name of the sub.  So can it still be /r/SandersForPresident but with **a different name in the banner**?  I remember that the mods changed the banners many times.  Give the banner the name "Sanders Politics" or just "Bernie Sanders".    And please keep this hub.  
I think this sub should remain open as long as Wikileaks continues to release documents pertaining to the DNC and/or Clinton. It should be "closed" after the election in November. 
Another sub as large as this one was shut down by the mods /r/wow

The admins of reddit stepped in to fix that and keep it open.

Reddit could simply do what they have done in the past to fix the problem.
Posted something similar in the last thread, but the arrogance from this mod team is astounding. You aren't spokespeople for the campaign or the progressive movement, you're a couple of randoms who moderate a subreddit. Who are you to shut down one of the biggest hubs of progressive politics on the internet? Pass mod to someone else if you can't handle it anymore
Mods are in a, "fucked if you do, fucked if you don't"--position. 

People on both sides of this will claim the other was wrong. 


But what about if Bernie wins the nomination at the convention?  
Hi, Folks!  Am a Bernie supporter - from Ohio, The Heart Of It All.

*And today is another moment in our Bernie Werks & does not stop: this may very well prove to be justly called, 'Our Real Beginning'.*  Who can truly say?  *I know that I myself have just BEGUN to fight.  This goes on, for me.  Because of here.  The need for counter-force for our goals is still required.  There are many down-ticket races that deserve consideration, all over Our Nation.

I'm sure I can and do only speak for myself, but I'd like to share two things.

First?  You should know that you are cordially invited to come over & comment &/or post at /r/WayOfTheBern/.  We would like to tell you that we have cordial guidelines, & welcome a civil engagement, tolerance of others, and the ensuing enlightened debate - and you are not left, bereft.

Sorry for the day for you, and empathize, and know how hard it is for, and on, everyone who committed themselves so laudibly.  

Battle is *heart-wrenching, isn't it?*  Warm Regards, Ohio's Fightin' Fourth
I'm just now learning Reddit (I live on Facebook and Twitter). I would not shut this sub down but rather rename it, because Our Revolution is continuing. Sanders is converting his fundraising to help nurture and support progressives across the country and to help them run and get elected. I think that would be a more fitting way to transition than to disperse the members to the wind.
It seems that most likely the sub will shut down, however I think it's best to wait until after election day 2016 before shutting down completely and redirecting to r/Political_Revolution.
When will it be archived?
I really think the mods are just tired of taking care of this place. But anyways, i'll miss this sub. It was one of the big reasons I went on reddit. I always had this sub up. I'll miss it...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3x0RIQbEp8 Cenk from TYT thanking Bernie volunteers.
For what it's worth: I'm in favor of shutting it down. I've been around here for ages and I've been a Sanders backer for even longer, but I honestly think this *hurt* the Senator more than it helped. Now we're a sub whose primary driver seems to be destroying the most progressive candidate still in the race, motivated by vague conspiracy theories and bullshit right wing talking points.

Senator Sanders, if he were to actually look at this sub, would be ashamed. If this is a sub to support him, it's probably time to shut it down before it gets even worse.

And to /u/aidan_king, pro to pro: cheers, brother. I know what it's like to go through a tough loss. if you're ever in my city, I'll buy you a beer and we can talk community organizing through social media. I've never been a fan, and this grand experiment would seem to confirm many of my thoughts, but I'd love to hear an insider's perspective. 

E: realized I was misspelling Aidan's name.
You need to expand the mod team. In these last couple of days it's been obvious you can't deal with the amound of Trump and Clinton trolls that are coming to our subreddit. I'll do my best to report them but you really need way more mods in order to keep this all under control.
> 1) /u/Vermonty_Python [+3] has stepped down as head mod of /r/SandersForPresident for reasons that he will likely be willing to answer. 

He should also step down from Political_Revolution. He's a loose cannon. He mocks Sanders supporters on anti-Sanders subs and acts hastily. How can you expect people to invest time and effort into Political_Revolution with someone untrustworthy in charge?

> we would like to shut down the sub after the convention is finished.

>The sub would be re-directed to /r/Political_Revolution

A lot of people here will disagree, but I think this is reasonable. 
Honestly, I don't see the big fuss with /u/Vermonty_Python setting the sub to restricted, if the sub was being flooded with trolls and death threats and he could not have other mods to help with that. A restricted sub is better than a sub full of crap and death threats. As simple as that.

I think this is another case of people not being able to think outside the realms of ideological purity.
Is Clinton money really that appealing? jesus.
You're officially the worst mods I've seen for any forum in my life. Shutting it down is unintelligent and actually hurts the revolutionary attempts.
I for one  want this sub to continue even if it is a misnomer. We will go to individual subs like Political Revolution, and it will grow but this does not need to be killed. 
Don't shut this sub down - this is part of history - that will move forward!
Let the people decide, not an elite few!!!
"we didn't have the moderators to handle the amount of submissions"

then maybe half of the moderators shouldn't have been removed?
Shutting the sub down sounds like a terrible idea to me, one in which you'll realize just how terrible it is in the future.

225.000 people are here for the same reasons, and I guess that about 80% or more won't go to the /r/Political_Revolution. Many will get angry after the convention, but eventually it will pass, and the ideas that Bernie planted will remain as "The mind that opens up to a new idea never returns to its original size.".

This sub can still be very productive.
That's just my opinion, but I would strongly suggest you to take some air and think about it without a hot head.

Anyway, we would like to thank you guys for your hard work!
It must not be easy to put up with all kinds of tough situations.

Best Regards,
Jean Luc
Wow, today really is the end of democracy huh? Today sucks.


With tears swelling in my eyes I ask you to please reconsider. 
Please don't shut it down.
# If you shut down this subreddit, the revolution dies!
Mods wanna quit? Fine. For those who don't: [/r/Kossacks_for_Sanders](https://www.reddit.com/r/Kossacks_for_Sanders/)
Honestly, if a small group of moderators decide what's best for 225K people and shut down this sub, can they be sued to stop this? 

In other words, can a lawyer file an injunction against shutting down the sub until we have some process for determining fairly and democratically what to do with the sub?
I really don't know why this sub cannot be kept open. Some other people could volunteer to moderate it.

The fact that this is being brought down despite a clear demand to keep the sub up means its not outside the realm of possibility that the mods are getting paid to shut this sub down.
Shutting down is big mistake.

It costs nothing. It is huge community. 

Let it roll at least through the election seeing as it is feasibly possible for HRC to step down and pass the torch to Bernie. (However astronomically unlikely)
Shutting down this sub will be an act of direct evil: an act that causes intense, tangible harm with no offsetting value. Please don't do it.
u/pilgray: 

> **In an attempt to preserve the positivity and influence of the sub...** 

In my view, the wrong approach is ending the sub. 

DO limit it to existing members and you'll soon run out of people to ban from the sub. 

Positivity returns. 
 /r/Political_Revolution I just peeked in there and see a ton of shit like " I will 100% vote for hillary if she needs it "... call that a revolution? I see hilldogs.. peace.. Trump is the only answer now. 
The infighting is hard to watch in here. Civil discourse seems to have been abandoned, both between the users themselves and the users and mods. 

Will the sub be archived? Or will we have to rely on the wayback machine? 
I think locking all the threads would be a better alternative. Is that too tedious?
If we redirect to the other sub, we will lose sight of who we are. We aren't just a group of people wanting a political revolution. We're progressives, conservatives, libertarians and more, all united by the ideals of one man. Bernie Sanders. We can not lose sight of who got us here. Without Bernie Sanders, I may still believe that I'm a straight white conservative male. Because that's how I grew up. 

The day I had heard about Bernie Sanders and spent all night reading about him was a very familiar and fond day. The day I was told by my favourite teacher to "never stop asking questions".

And that's what I have done. I haven't stopped.  I'm not sure how I ended up on the subreddit, but, I did. And I would never change a moment of it. We built something here. We built a movement here. Now you few mods want to speak for the 200.000 of us and uproot our community? 

This is a disgraceful proposal. We need a political revolution in this sub, because it seems some people at the top are forgetting why we're here.
[Top comment](http://i.imgur.com/VTQ8Rd6.jpg) just encase it gets removed my the mods.
Why not keep it open as a memorial dedicated to what almost was?
If I were a Sanders supporter I'd start creating alternative subreddits. These mods are cancer and will shut you down again and again, every time they don't like what you think.

In fact, I'd make a backup place somewhere off reddit, just in case.
Dont shut it down! Ffs. Be reasonable..
/u/pilgray -  By "shutting it down" are you "preventing further posts" or "deleting everything"?

I obviously don't want the sub shut down, but an even greater travesty would be to delete everything.  This is a historical archive.  

For instance, I created a (imho) highly informative post detailing everything that went down at the Nevada convention:
https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4jid77/basic_stepbystep_of_what_went_down_yesterday_at/

It would be tragic to let all of this information and camaraderie be lost.
>  Please consider this moving forward; would we continue the political tradition of fighting just to make a point? Or would we overcome our differences to continue under a common banner?

Are not all people fighting to make a point? Why decide for us to meet your needs? To make your point? What about our point? What brought us together? Our point! Corruption in politics NEEDS to stop. The skirting of the law NEEDs to stop. That is OUR point, our common banner. That's our lesson learned. If you close this sub, you are not continuing under the same banner, you're closing the curtain on this revolution that we all still believe in. 
Why shut the sub down? Why stop the overall momentum? Just change the name to /r/TheBernParty or something. That's what's kinda already happened. This sub is starting to focus on 400 other Sanders-like candidates.  The hardest part of starting a new political party is the initial organization. That's done. All that's left is to build and maintain. Keep this sub as the ideological branch and create a activist sister site. One with a state breakdown and the BernParty candidates running in it with all the info. Nothing sadder than a person or movement kneecapping themselves. Don't let it happen to this sub. Don't end what Sanders has started.
I think you should wait until the end of August to see what things look like. The people occupying this space just to troll will lose interest and discussion will return to progressive activism and Bernie's legacy. 

I know you want to draw a line under this sub and continue the work in /r/Politcal_Revolution but I think the best way to do this is keep this place running and continue to politely push people towards the new sub through links, xposts, and conversation. 

So many wonderful moments and so much hard work are documented and shared on this subreddit in the last year, it would be a shame to nuke it right now just when emotions are at their most heightened. Wait for the dust to settle and for people to get their bearings before pulling the plug.

I completely understand and agree with not wanting to hand this subreddit over to new moderators. If current mods aren't going to continue to run it, it should be shut down - not change hands.
Guys, i really would want to read real unbias news about Bernie in future and to check the comments too. Where should I go then? Google news is fucking nasty :/ However I started following him there, and then found this sweat place S4P. 
Thanks
If the mods aren't willing to listen to the voice of the people here, and do something as simple as a poll, why not ask Bernie himself to make some sort of statement about this sub? He has had an AMA before, I'm sure we could get a response from him.
Please do not shut down the sub. At the very least it's a voice for progressives to gather.
Please do not shut down this sub!
Why did you censor the near top post about the DNC buying off people as seat fillers at the DNC?
You are making a mistake. 
[removed]
"Please consider this moving forward; would we continue the political tradition of fighting just to make a point? Or would we overcome our differences to continue under a common banner?"

I am not voting for Hillary.
I'm a trump supporter but I've been visiting this subreddit since the email scandal broke. I've been really inspired by your passion for Bernie, and has refocused me on the fact that corruption in both parties is ultimately the real issue. Now, just as I'm finding this common ground, you want to take it away?
It seems like we agree; closing this sub will hurt the Political Revolution.

Please do not close this sub.



In solidarity,

/r/SandersForPresident/
>We were seeing several death threats being thrown out against Bernie, against delegates, against the DNC..

The lack of responses denouncing these actions reinforces the idea that this sub has taken a drastic turn in the wrong direction.

>In an attempt to preserve the positivity and influence of the sub, we would like to shut down the sub after the convention is finished.

It's hard to argue with the decision for me.  This place has become very close-minded and aggressive.  It's a shame to see so many of the negative aspects of the far right becoming common place here. The lack of debate, considerations for alternative viewpoints, willingness to compromise (or even listen), and refusal to accept any ideas aside from their own are encouraging ideologue behavior. 

This is supposed to be a political revolution, not an echo chamber where you only hear things that voice one viewpoint, the way you want to hear it.  Politics in this country is a extremely corrupt system, and it won't be fixed from the outside.  How are we supposed to elect Bernie-crats through a mass exit and death threats?  I hope the emotional roller coaster levels out, and this movement doesn't become the progressive tea-party. 
Honestly I think the best choice is a subreddit wide vote. Then we can vote whether to a)continue this subreddit b)continue on political revolution c)something else idk.

Im not sure why the rush to close the subreddit.
Let's have a vote, then. If the members of this sub vote to dissolve it, fine. I highly doubt this will happen. It mostly seems like the mod team here is exhausted. In that case, they should just hand over the reigns to democratically selected replacements. 
I want to see proof of these death threats you all are talking about. That seems to be your only impetus for wanting to shut this place down. Then I want to see proof that said threats are not false flags.
Perhaps we should all reflect on whether or not Reddit is a healthy place for the political revolution to meet.

I for one am so sick of the censoring and corrupt mods on every other sub.
Mods this isn't about you... Leave it open, appoint new mods that want to mod it.  I will even mod if needed.

"We need to refocus. Many of us want the same thing; we want to see Bernies vision realized. If we have all of this doubt and in-fighting, we will never achieve those goals."

is so so shady, that sounds exactly like what a person paid off by clinton would type. 
Balderdash. I won't be joining any political revolution subs. I won't be tolerating any clinton supporters or people willing to settle. End this sub if you wish. There is nothing G rated about revolution and the hippies that try to tell you that are part of the problem. This is going to get a lot uglier before it ever starts to look better. 
Nothing like having our rights to speak our minds suppressed if we don't vote for Killary 
You guys do realize this mod team cares about your problem no more than the DNC does right?
What good does shutting this sub down? I would recommend instead that you sticky a post recommending people go to /r/political_revolution but we need to keep this open, at least until November, so we do not lose the momentum gained from this hub. 
Don't shut it down.  Please. 
What the fuck? You have a huge subreddit full of people wanting a Sanders-like revolution, a shitton of congress and senators are up for re-election this election, and you want to just shut down the subreddit? I know there's grassrootsselect, but jesus christ, if you *actually want to make a difference* then keep this sub open and push hard for "berniecrat" control over congress!!! 

Archiving this sub before the election just because if the sub's name is fucking stupid. 
The mods here are bought by Queen Clinton. That is why they are shutting down the sub.

I hope you have the integrity to admit it and appoint new moderators. This is ridiculous.
Why do you get to decide for this entire community? Transfer mod privilege and move on if you don't want to be a part of this. 
Did you know /u/Vermonty_Python was going to delete his account? Seems unfortunate after all of the chaos that his temporary decision help cause.
So someone like  /u/aidan_king dumped 2 years of his life into creating and promoting the biggest grassroots effort reddit has ever seen, 'makes a mistake' and now he's a huge asshole and should step down from the very subreddit that he co-founded?

I'm sorry guys but this has never been what this campaign is about. Feel free to badger me all you want, but there have been a lot of assholes on here lately spreading anger and hate. I cannot speak for the mod but I suspect he thought it was a good decision to shut things out for damage control. People that are calling for Bernie's head are assholes. Go do some research. Despite the fact that the DNC was colluding against him the entire time (with proof this week) he managed to get a key postion in the convention speech and he has also managed to get 100s if not 1000s to run for office. DWS would still be chair... Tim Canova would be a pipe dream... as would many other progressives. He has fought long and hard and taken what he can get for now.... His eyes are on the future. Bernie is a visionary. If you are that hateful and spiteful than fine... unsubscribe and go vote for Trump you don't belong here. 

As for voting Hillary, no mods here have even mentioned such a thing. Calling the mods Shills is total bullshit. 

#"We are stronger, When we stand together, there is nothing we cannot accomplish." - Bernie Sanders
The mods are working with HRC and that is why they are shutting this sub down (or archiving it).
Lovely post.  For the record, I enjoyed my time as a mod and I'm still filled with hope for the future after meeting passionate millennials like Aidan.  Stay strong all.  The next four years will be rocky, but the progressive revolution is only beginning.
[removed]
[deleted]
u/pilgray or another helpful mod, can you approve the post I submitted a few minutes ago? Is the sub on manual approval? Not showing up. Link:  
  
https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4uq7cm/how_contrived_is_this_already_united_false/  
  
Thanks in advance. 
/r/sanderscontinuum 

as a contingency plan obviously. I would much rather just keep using /r/sandersforpresident. 
I think a continuum would be appropriate. As Sanders isn't just about Sanders anymore, and long past him, the revolution he started should live on with his name being recognized.
The Democratic Party had a chance to vote for someone who can truely take America into the right direction. Instead, they pick someone who is going to shoot it straight into the ground. We are seeing the beginning of the fall of the American Empire. I just hope my comment and votes live past this.
While I did hear that subreddits can't be deleted, whatever happened to this not being the end of the political revolution, just the beginning? This sub is part of that beginning. Where do we go from that? If we aren't campaigning for Sanders to be president anymore and are networking somewhere else for our progressive values, that's great. But we should be proud of what we have accomplished here, and will accomplish in our next steps forward. 
I'm chiming in to say that whatever else happens, the content of this subreddit may eventually be of historical significance and should be archived. I don't have the ability to do this personally.
Thats it Folks! This is the end of the movement. I wonder why the mods wont allow other people to take the sub over, probably because they have been told or instructed not too. 

Hopefully another candidate in the future can pick up the reigns where sanders left off. Hopefully a new sub can become the bastion of true liberal ideology (if reddit is still popular then who knows). 

In the end the election will be Trump or Clinton, either way it will not be a very revolutionary candidacy  
GG r/S4p
Please dont close this sub. 

It is a go to for people accross the world that love Bernie ideals.

I see myself as a silent majority looking past any perceived negativity spouted here , Overall this is a GREAT sub.  Keep it going .


The struggle continues.

Stand up to any manipulation.
Thank you /u/pilgray for the all the hard work & for setting up a new sub for all of us to have our voices heard & to continue the tough job of moving our country in a better direction.  
i don't know if this happened to anybody else, but shortly after vermonty_python posted in enoughsandersspam about deleting the subreddit, and made the post here about deleting it, i ended up getting banned from both enoughtrumpspam and enoughsandersspam.

simultaneously. maybe it was because of another thread i commented in, but honestly it happened very shortly after this dumb drama stuff. 


no reasons for the bans either. 
Are mods planning to give us an exact time when the sub is to be closed or are they going to just shut down without any notice?  Since this is my last post here I would just like to say, "Happy trails to you, until we meet again.  Fight on!"
Please do. This sub is an embarrassment now. Just full of trump trolls trying to seduce bernie fans. That's all this place will be, it won't be a place to discuss progressive values , it wl just be another trump subreddit. Please delete it after the convention 
I think I'm on board with this. /r/Political_Revolution is the future of this movement. In order to become an actual revolution we need to move beyond Bernie. The name of this subreddit is counter productive to that.
Mods, thank you so much for the time, dedication and effort you've poured into this sub!  It couldn't have been easy. Hat's off to each and every one of you.  Good Luck, Godspeed and Fare Thee Well! <3
You are worse than Trump. He owns his shit, while you try and dress your shit up in pleasantries and lies. He may spew nonsense, but at least he tries to gain people honestly with his nonsense. You try to gain people through lies and deception. You are a snake. You = 
I guess I am  voting 3rd party or trump. 
A few notes on the first note since my reply isn't showing up:
Mods have, as recently as today, been removing posts that even mention who our backup choices for president might be, EVEN IF the post is not one that could possibly be misconstrued as campaigning. These deletions seem to be directed at those who say they are supporting third parties after Bernie, while many many Hillary supporting posts remain including mods making comments supportive of Hillary. You can check QuietCalamity's posts for confirmation in which the mod says, "Maybe consider that Bernie himself is now supporting Clinton. Perhaps you are the one out of sync with your candidate." This is unacceptable. The name of the sub is "SandersforPresident", not "AlwaysagreewithBernie". Whether intentional or not, many on here are angry with the mod team because we feel you are not allowing a discussion of what we can do as a community afterwards in terms of the Presidency. Just because we didn't make it with Bernie, it doesn't mean that the battle for a progressive in the White House is over for this cycle, and many would appreciate the chance to have a discussion with their peers without feeling shut down. I urge you to let those discussions happen as it would benefit down ballot progressives enormously if we can get a progressive in the White House THIS cycle. Bernie, and all of us, fought really hard for the Political Revolution, but you are now pushing "positive progressive reform". I respectfully say, let us as a community discuss and organize rather than having mods push us to lower our expectations.
> Death threats against Bernie. 

Yeah I don't think I can blame him for shutting it down. Not the smart move or right move necessarily, just that I could totally see myself reacting the same way if I were in his shoes. 

Death threats are unacceptable against anyone and its not like msm media and the neoliberal establishment need more ammunition against us. 
"Thanks for all the money kids, now fall in line."

 -Bernie Sanders, the Sanders campaign, prominent Sanders supporters.
[removed]
We had a long period of prosperity and growth. You can combine trump and hillary's subreddit and they don't add up to the number of subscribers on this sub, then all of a sudden there's a small period of issues and instead of working together we want to divide ourselves and blame specific people. Yes /u/vermonty_python was at fault for his actions but death threats won't do anything. This is a person that fought hard for Bernie and for the revolution yet everyone spits at him now.
#freepypy
[removed]
Well if this is the end, its been an honor to fight for what we believe in. 

Hopefully we can continue the political revolution.

I fear the fight will only become much harder now
So they are shutting it down eh? This will only cripple the movement.
It was a good journey.
What are they saying?
"In an attempt to preserve the blah blah blah...."

Come on. This just stinks to high heaven. Don't you see? You can't silence people. 

You're just making it worse. This type of behavior only strengthens people's resolve. 
Seems like a good plan to redirect after the convention. Good on you for not immediately shutting down the sub!
Is there a way to preserve the posts/data within the sub for archival and research purposes?  I learned so much here.  I often search for links and articles that were posted which I cannot otherwise find through Google.

You mods have my eternal gratitude for your hard work, dedication, fortitude under duress, and suffering so much unjust criticism while giving it your best.  Thanks to you all!
Like I posted in [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4up6yl/going_forward_please_everyone_read/) earlier today
>We need to keep it and use it even if the name will be a misnomer. Throwing the sub away just because Bernie's campaign is over is asinine. What was once a place to elect Sanders has long since evolved to a place to talk to like minded individuals, whether that be directly about Sanders or Progressivism, or the corruption of Clinton and the DNC, or the merits of voting your conscience v. the lesser of evils, etc.
>
You don't reconstruct a mailing list over and over. Subscribers don't have to resign when a company changes hands. Its inconvenient for those that want to stay, and its unwise for the providers since recapture will be so low.
>
If the current mod team finds that this subreddit no longer fulfills their wishes and ideals, they can move on, and create something new in accord to that vision. We can stay, others can step up, and we can continue forward in our own path, however productive that may or may not be.
> 
If this movement was about anything, it was about empowering the people to control their own political futures, and the mod team shutting the sub down without our consideration is the exact top-down approach I thought we were trying to relinquish all along. Let it stay.
So this is the week the revolution ends. Puttering out in hasty decisions. 
Shut down the sub and redirect it. I would be a member of political_revolution. I cannot be a member of sandersforpresident after tonight. Sanders is not running for president, and the name makes no sense.  Sending that message goes against my best interests and I'm sick of the vitriol here.
I think switching over to the other sub is a smart move since you can't rename this sub. 

I want to see some progressive down ticket wins come November and I think this community has the potential to make that happen. 
Thank you to everyone who has made this Subreddit an amazing place this past year! I look forward to fighting along side you all as part of the new Progressive organization Bernie is creating: https://ourrevolution.com/
>He was one of the only moderators online, and panicked. Its not excusable, and although his heart was in the right place, the decision was a very poor one.

What? He did nothing wrong. So what if he set the sub to restricted to combat the insanity? I would have done the same under such circumstances. He is a good man and a great mod.

And when this sub is retired, it should have a link to /r/political_revolution otherwise all that Bernie worked for will go to waste. We have to take congress.
Fucking cowards
[deleted]
"The sub will not be re-directed, it will just be archived" That's even worse.  At least if you re-directed it people would gradually transition.  Now most people won't even come to political_revolution.

EDIT: I would like if this sub were to stay open but I would totally be ok with it redirecting to political_revolution.  That way we can at least direct most active subscribers there.
Can someone please answer an honest question. If everyone leaves the dem party, wont we be unable to vote for progressives running on the DEM ticket? If they wouldnt let independents vote in the primary, are they going to let independents vote for DEM senators, congressman, local offices etc.? Do you have to be registered DEM to participate in other elections? I dont want to be unable to vote for progressives when the opportunity a good one comes around. Im in NY. If i leave the party am I going to be left out of more elections, local and state etc..? 
It's been a fun ride with you all and I'm honored I was able to be part of such a historic movement and see this sub from the beginning to the end.

If everyone takes 2 seconds and subs to the new sub then what is the problem? This sub has been over run by CTR and Trump trolls if you guys couldn't tell. Lot's of Trump supporters pretending to be Bernie or Busters in disguise and lots of CTR trolls pretending to be concerned. Best way to save this sub would have been to set it to private a while ago since it wasn't growing and ban all those who are deemed trolls and wait for the conventions to blow over. 
I just want to say that this man, this sub, and you all have changed my life. No matter what happens with this sub, with tears in my eyes I just want to say thank you to everyone. It's been a pleasure serving with you. <3
[US: Basic Income Panel at DNC Cancelled | BIEN](http://www.basicincome.org/news/2016/07/us-basic-income-panel-at-dnc-cancelled/)
I am upvoting this purely for visibility, so that people can see it, be aware of what's going on, and have their voices heard, though I object to some parts of the post.

Hopefully others will do the same.  It's important for the community to be a part of these decisions.
I think should sub should transition from focusing on "Sanders for President" to "This is what Sander's is doing now politically". He is still fighting like he has his whole life. A lot of us may disagree with his support of HRC lately, but he's still the progressive guy who brought us all together and got this all started.

So I say lets just refocus on Sander's political moves and progressive actions. 
I agree, time to shut it down. It was a good run, but once Hillary is officially named the nominee the original intention behind the sub is moot. It served its purpose, but now it's time to move on. This isn't over though, there is nothing we can accomplish if we put our collective minds together. We built this place up, we'll build up another behind a leader who won't capitulate to the business and political elite. Personally, I'm pretty peeved that I donated all that money to Bernie just for him to waste it and lose, but what's done is done. I'll be paid back in full once the revolution is successful. For the revolution to be successful, we need leaders who believe in the cause, not pretenders and sell outs. 
Put the sub on permanent lock to preserve it. That's all that should be done.
Just an FYI I'm British and under the voting age so don't have a complete 100% understanding of American politics. Feel free to correct me but try to keep it civil, I hold no ill will towards you; I'm only speaking my mind.

I was a fan of what Bernie was trying to preach but i think the idea of his beliefs have outgrown him. However hurtful it is to you, There was no chance Bernie would become President as soon as Hilary won the nomination, Bernie realised this and decided to support who he thought was the lesser of 2 evils. 

Because of this situation this sub has no purpose anymore as their views don't align with what Bernie is trying to say, so I think it's best if this sub move over to /r/politicalrevolution as that is the sub made for this political view.

Also, vote for who you want, but don't vote stupidly just to 'fight the establishment' this happened with the UK and now we've left Europe, if you are going to waste your vote or vote out of spite then don't you fucking dare start complaining about the result in November because if you didn't vote properly then you have only yourself to blame, no one other then you cares if you vote to 'fight the establishment'.
I would like to thank the moderators of this subreddit for keeping the political revolution alive here on Reddit. Thank you for all of the hard work that you have done in the name of Senator Sanders and the progressive movement.

It was this subreddit that motivated me to become politically active for the first time in my life, and you all have my deepest respect for staying strong as a progressive community.

I encourage everyone subscribed to this subreddit to subscribe to /r/Political_Revolution if you haven't done so already.

Thank you. 
Why shut down the sub?  
If the mods won't listen, we need to find/create a new sub that isn't /r/political_revolution before this one shuts down.
http://investmentwatchblog.com/if-this-video-goes-viral-the-dnc-is-done-share-like-a-virus-on-all-social-media-platforms/
guys, this needs to be out there

sarah silverman shouted down and then acknowledges the censorship of the MSM
Not redirecting to /r/PoliticalRevolution is a pretty big mistake tbh fam. You have the rare opportunity of a lot of engaged people corralled in here, and now you're scattering us to the wind. This sub's purpose is now moot, but the opportunity to keep momentum and resources is being squandered by archiving rather than redirecting. The revolution continues regardless, but it won't be any stronger for this decision.
At the very least, I'm glad the sub is being archived. It will be a wonderful resource for looking back and evaluating Bernie's campaign later once the dust has had time to settle.

To be honest with how anti-Clinton/DNC this sub is I think we've lost sight of the fact that the movement only started with Bernie. It won't end with him. We need to keep phonebanking/canvassing/donating for progressives at every level to make sure we're in a better position to try in 2020/2024. Yes, the machine stacked everything against us. Now we must move forward and not forget.

The Fire Rises!!!!
This board should NOT be shut down. 
Since they won't allow me to post a regular thread, I shall borrow this one.

It has been a pleasure getting to know many of you, and I hope our paths cross again under better circumstances. 

Like many others, I will be leaving the Dems tomorrow, after 12 years. I will also work to keep true to our mission and our struggle. I only have one request. If you do end up voting, vote with your heart. In the end, you have to be happy with your decision, whatever it may be. 

Good Luck!


#For those that are interested, I created a NEW SUBREDDIT the other day: /r/PoliticalProgressives/

Please join us as we work to keep the movement alive and support the man who brought us all together.

Not affiliated with /r/Sandersforpresident. Unlike this once great sub, we do not give in, we do not give up. We Trek Forward towards our progressive future!

Thank you for being mods of this sub. You literally changed the world. Be very proud of that. :-)
Please reconsider shutting down this sub, mods. 
A shame that this sub is going the way of the Bernie campaign. Adios fellahs.
This can be the subreddit for Bernie Sanders. Where people share what he is currently working on and how we can help.
Just want to say thank you mods. This has been a great subreddit and I really enjoyed it. I love you all.
Please, everyone join me at [r/Political_Revolution](https://www.reddit.com/r/Political_Revolution). I just joined and we need that sub to take off in the same way that this one did. We must keep fighting forward, otherwise the R's will continue to try to take us back to the 1950s, and the Dems are still living in the 90s.

Let's keep the fight alive.
[deleted]
Thank you mods for all your hard work these last few months, in that regard I am waiting for the shutdown of this subreddit so I can recreate it, with new mods, and rules that'll focus in third party canidates and local canidates across the United States. As Sanders said himself, this wasn't about him at all, this is about the revolution in America society, in which I will be fighting for. He isn't the back bone of the revolution, his ideals are. This revolution won't be won in one spectacular battle, no, to win the war for this revolution, we must win battles across the country by electing Progressives across the country, and creating a new party that is by the 99%, for the 99% and hell bent on eradicating corruption on all levels of our Democracy, one step at a time.
I agree, sadly. This sub has become filled with rage and cynicism. I will always remember it as a place of great hope and organization. There are differences, disagreements, and discord. Embrace it and learn. Seeking to find a seat where I can - ensure others have one as well - and listen. No system or sentiment will be as perfect as hoped, yet we do what we must. This cycle teaches me the importance of vigilance within constraints. How will I act when not given what desired? How will I respond? What courses of action will I take? Despondency is ever an option, yet courage and a resolve to act seem better.
"It helps, now and then, to step back and take a long view."
The mods made a mistake, that is for sure. But all of you fanatics need to realize you are acting like entitled children, which is how the rest of the political world sees you. I by no means ever intended to vote for Bernie but have watched this campaign and been impressed as it grew. But you all piss and spit on everything as soon as it doesn't work out the way your feeble little minds think it should. Let me ask you something, is the page back? Was your life really that affected for the few hours you couldn't post your dank memes and those stupid things y'all did to 'send energy'?  You should all honestly be ashamed of yourselves and apologize to the mods for overreacting.
Look, we all voted for Sanders. He lost. It blows. We all feel that way. But stomping your feet and whining will never accomplish anything in politics. Sanders has moved the entire fucking Democratic platform further left than it has ever been. THAT is progress.

The moderators are FINALLY putting this dumpster fire out. The best thing that could be done for Sanders and the progressive cause. All this sub does anymore is make everyone associated with it look delusional and ignorant.

You people would have continued to complain even if he had been elected president. There's no winning with the insane, ignorant, conspiracy crowd.

And, after you down vote me, spend just a second on some personal reflection and what the fuck you thought was going to happen.

jesus fucking christ



A halt on new content + a redirect to /r/Political_Revolution seems like the best course of action. If the only purpose of this sub is to bash this or that remaining candidate, it's lost its function. It's a support system for progressives. Not a bulldozer.
#byebitch
this is stupid, but honestly this sub took a wrong turn months ago imo so it doesn't surprise me. might as well just erase bernie from the books, so no one else will attempt another revolution
Move along Bernie Boys, Bernie Girls, Bernie Lady-boys, this ship has sailed, lol.
Day late but mods you are making the best decision,  this sub was about Sanders for President.  Those saying it will take years to make another large sub are self fulfilling pessimists. This sub took off like a rocket and so can another,  practice whatever you preach and be active. 
DNC needs to propose a Sanders - Clinton ticket to unify this party and defeat Trump. Sanders supporters will accept nothing less and Clinton needs to concede this and admit her wrongdoing to the party to save her legacy and retain VP.
Keep on boo'ing. 
Don't shut it down. Hand over the reigns to fellow progressives with the requisite time.
Why don't we vote on it? Kind of ironic that a few mods are deciding the fate of this whole group.

The thing is, this isn't literally about Bernie for President, despite its name. It's about a group of like-minded individuals coming together and being able to discuss and share their thoughts. I would have thought that the mods were among those and would see no reason that this sub should related to the current political situation.
Also, a suggestion for the moderators, although it's technically not relevant to the state of *this* sub.

It might be productive to ban submissions (and potentially comments as well, given how the comments will end up overrunning everything) regarding the 2016 presidential race in /r/Political_Revolution. That might deter trolls (or at least make it easier to ban them in a fair manner without having to make (potentially incorrect) snap judgments). And, really, all of the arguments for whether to vote for the Democratic nominee (Bernie's endorsement), write Bernie in, vote for the presumptive Green nominee, or vote for the Libertarian nominee (who isn't even a progressive) won't be productive.

It'll also mean that the downballot discussion - what we actually need to focus on - won't be overwhelmed by everyone going through the five stages of grief regarding the presidency.

However, I'm not sure how to suggest handling the DNC leaks in that context, considering that some of them are relevant to the downballot races, but many are relevant to the (now concluded, for Bernie anyway) presidential race.
Yeah, you won't get anywhere near the same amount of traffic in Political Revolution. And Political Revolution has almost as much presidential spam as this place. So I'd say keep the page and keep stickying posts on down-ballot, and try to more strictly confine the dialogue in that direction. That's likely the best way to maintain the largest level of political engagement.
Bahsgahsgabsdug, i am unhappy in life so i want to make myself important here by shouting some archaic narrative of good vs evil, the weak being abused by the strong and me arising as the one defender of the righteous against the injustice ...

More than half the users that are posting here. I just wanted to ask 1 question, if PR grows, how will you keep it from being overrun by people who want to self actualize themselves like that?
It's probably for the best to shut it down if you want to preserve the positivity. Reality isn't positive, the next 4 or 8 years won't be positive. You merely disarm yourself by being a radical positivist. I'm not voting for Trump or Clinton and I fear that Bernie's positivity may have weakened him against Hillary. It's a shame. 
hehe
...
Come on guys they explained what happened and to be fair i do see many repeated items, bias stuff and still some get through. They did a great job during the thick of it. Don't aim your negative feelings at the people who provided organization to a cluster fuck of subreddit this could have been. 
> Please consider this moving forward; would we continue the political tradition of fighting just to make a point? Or would we overcome our differences to continue under a common banner?

What common banner do you mean?  Be specific, and don't shut down this sub!
I'd read rumblings a month ago that after the convention this sub would be shut down.  What's the point of having a sub called Sanders for President when he's absolutely not going to be the President? And what's so impossible about moving over to Political Revolution? Bernie wants us to pay attention to down ballot candidates! We need to start on that! 

This place needs to change into an archive and we need to get together our organizing for other candidates.

Have DNC/Wikileaks as a side bar or something.
Thanks so much for this post. I was considering leaving this sub after my campaign-long subscription, and I have seen the same negativity and in-fighting on the /r/Political_Revolution sub. Downvoting should not be a disagree button, and ad hominem attacks against fellow community members should not be tolerated. I want the strength and solidarity of our online community to return, especially with the intense divisiveness of the upcoming presidential election.
I can't believe how god damn entitled everyone in this sub is. Jesus Christ. 
Good choice mods, this sub has been an echo chamber for hate the last few months, more so that even the other candidate subreddits. I know people feel hurt and betrayed, but that is no excuse for some of the crap that's been going on in these discussion threads. 
This is the right move. Thanks for all the hard work. The revolution continues.
All part of the media collusion.
It's like these guys took all their political capital they earned in 2012, took a sweet road trip to Vegas and bet it all on green.

I know I can't take them seriously any more.
the probability

538 are $hillaries

is 100%

with no margin of error
He's part of the rigged system. We need to stop listening to these puppets of the two parties and start listening to TYT, The Intercept, Commondreams.org, Thom Hartmann and other progressive outlets. These other outlets are poisoning the minds of too many people.
91% accuracy of states that they predicted. Still pretty good. And saying he COULD lose every other state isnt a prediction that he WILL lose every other state.
You can't "keep" a delegate, but yes, he kept his delegates' **votes**. The roll call vote could have determined who won the nomination, but because of what Bernie said, it didn't.

If Bernie had not said anything, the secretary would have determined that because Hillary got more votes than Bernie during the roll call vote, Hillary would have been selected as the nominee as a result of the roll call vote.

Bernie essentially said that he wanted the results of the roll call vote to be entered into the record, but that he didn't want the results of the roll call vote to determine the nominee. He instead said he wanted to permanently suspend the roll call voting process (albeit after the last state had already voted), and have the delegates do a voice vote on his motion instead, which was for Hillary to be the nominee.

So for the record, there was a roll call vote that was recorded and complete, but the results of that roll call were permanently suspended, and no action was taken as a result (i.e. no one was declared the winner). Then a voice vote (aye/nay) was taken where there was no counting of individual votes, and Hillary was selected as the nominee as a result of that voice vote.

Every delegate cast two votes: one roll call vote that was tabulated, but never acted upon, and a voice vote that was acted upon. The votes of the people who said "nay" out loud during the voice vote are the only votes Bernie got that determined who won the nomination. Technically though, those "nay" votes are not votes "**for Bernie**", they are votes for "**not Hillary**". That's because the voice vote was asking, "Shall Hillary be the nominee? Yes/No". So in the voice vote that elected Hillary as the nominee, Bernie didn't actually get any votes.

In 2008, Hillary moved to nominate Obama via a voice vote by acclamation with unanimous consent, so because that voice vote passed, Obama was technically nominated in 2008 unanimously for the record. Bernie yesterday did not move that the vote be by unanimous consent, so his motion passed by a non-unanimous indeterminate amount.
* Every delegation got to vote. 
* They did not announce when Hillary hit the magic number at the convention (she did after SD cast it's votes). 
* After VT, the last of the delegations, Bernie basically said "record all votes into the official record and move to nominate Hillary Clinton". 

It was not by "unanimous consent" (Which is what Hillary did in 2008). Mostly arbitrary, but every delegate gets to know they cast their vote for Bernie. 
He meant that they should end the procedural (basically people being called on and telling the chair their votes) process

and just give hillary the nomination after his speech. 
Does anyone think that a Wikileaks release could change the outcome? 
But, did he keep his delegates or did they go to Clinton?
He got the delegate count for all to see then he abandon the race. And hopefully the dems
This is very significant - listen to the heartfelt voices of Native Americans. Kudos to USA Today for reporting this.
Seriously, this isn't said enough. You guys get WAAAAYY more shit than you deserve. I suppose that's the field hazard for modding on reddit, but still. You guys have done an awesome job against odds that would make Han turn around and nope out.
Are you kidding? The mods here censor as bad as /r/politics.
:3!
92% upvoted and banned?  Wow so the sub moderators dont follow the will of the people either.  They remind me of another candidate.
[deleted]
Can't believe you got banned. Cowards running the subreddit. I'm not a Democrat I'm a bernie supporter. This sub is to get bernie elected. If you chose to support hillary fine, but don't expect other people to fall in line to support a corrupt establishment candidate.
Sanders supporters, loudly and consistently demands Sanders from now till November or else you'll vote Trmp. We don't have to accept party unity behind a corrupt, lying, self-centered person like Hilary who has a rigged system behind her. We can tell her and the rigged DNC to go to hell by voting Trmp if Sanders isn't the nominee. The political revolution dies if Hillary becomes president, thankfully she's going to lose in November anyway. 

However, it's not enough for her to lose, she has to lose because we demanded Sanders and the DNC didn't listen. That way in 2020 we'll be able to run another ideal progressive who'll actually be listened to by the DNC, who will have learned the hard way not to ignore our voice. Trmp's going to be a much more fair fight than a corrupt Hillary Clinton will be. We have to be united in this front if we truly wish to change our party.

***Don't you DARE allow yourselves to be shamed or seduced by fear. Disregard the naysayers and continue on without remorse or sympathy.***
People need to chain themselves together, start some real civil disobedience when this happens. This shit is fucking Orwellian, do NOT let them get away with it without consequences. 
They banned you for this post? They are trying to divide and conquer us
> edit this post got me banned from participating in this subreddit

The mods here are disgusting.

This subreddit is a shell of what it used to be.
So glad we are still a pro-Bernie subreddit /s
Why are the mods turning against us? This isn't R/Clintonforpresident
The week Democracy died. Let it not go silently but  loudly known. Countless thousands have died to preserve American Democracy. Let it not be wasted.
I'm literally turning it off when she's introduced
I was ready to post this exact same idea. Rather than protest outside and be ignored by the party and the media, get in the inside, play nice, perhaps even cosplay as Clinton supporters to be extra safe, then unleash hell when the devil finally takes the stage because there's nothing they can do to stop you at that point. Save all your energy so you can be able to overpower the Clinton delegates and chant everything you can during every second of her speech. 

I'd really be happy to even hear some "Trump" chants just to watch the DNC flip out knowing they spent 4 days trying to brainwash people into thinking Trump is the devil only to hear democrats chant his name over their chosen one by the end of the convention. It would be glorious and guaranteed to make headlines for many weeks.
I think booing the first 5 minutes, then stage a walk out while chanting "Jill Stein" is how I would love to see this end.
Make it the longest and loudest booing concert that anyone has ever seen and heard. 

The evil Hillturd and the corrupt douchebags in DNC deserves nothing less.
Is this guy still banned?  WTF?   
The mods of this sub reddit have fallen in line for Clinton now I guess...
Did you ever even want to actually see our goals achieved?
I am seriously starting to doubt it. Otherwise you wouldn't be trying to assist the person who derided us for the last year.

This subreddit was never about BERNIE - it was supposed to be about US.
Don't give up just because he did. Bernie has fought for us for a very long time, but he's tired.

And last night, he finally gave up the fight.
I don't hold it against him - it must have been exhausting.
But he needs to know that this cannot be undone. We won't go with her or the corrupt imperialist capitalist style of governing that she represents.

WTF is wrong with you people!?!  Hillary is a criminal that belongs is prison..or be take out back like the garbage she is. She cares nothing for the American people. 

I will never bow or kneel to her. I would vote for (cannot say his name or the bot will remove this post) before I ever do that. 
Kicked out for booing?

Democracy ftw!

So I'm starting to suspect the mods have been bought...deleting this is supporting Hillary. Nothing else.
They need credentials for following days as well.. its not a 1 day event
good idea - make it loud and clear.
Everyone should stand up and walk out while she is talking if she does get the nomination.  Middle fingers approved.
They will find a way to silence the anti-Hillary crowd by then, look how silenced they were by the end of day 1.  Hard to claim to be fighting for the people when you don't even let their voices be heard
If I hear some loud intense booing I will be so pleased. It's called democracy. 
>This post got me banned from participating in this subreddit. 

Wtf!? Is this Soviet Russia now? 
no, boo every time her name is mentioned.

if they kick you out cause the loudest scene you can.
Make megaphones out of rolled up signs. 
DO IT 
I support this message. 
I think I was banned from /sandersforpresident for writing this: Why did they make you delegates spend your money to be background noise for a Hillary coronation? What's the point of torturing the good delegates by making them listen to propaganda? No, Michelle, although you manipulate my emotions, Hillary does not care about children. She kills them. Sorry Bernie, although you think you can box Hillary into supporting the platform, which you outlined in your speech, you are the only one on stage even mentioning the platform. Sorry Elizabeth Warren, you're right. The system is rigged. Trump didn't rig it. Hillary is the rigger in chief. Big brother all over the place. Nothing changed since Sunday. We were robbed. There was a quick and quiet apology for the wikileaks emails, following which no one lost a job, and nothing happened. Sorry I stole your wallet. Now, see you, I'm going out to dinner. Happy talk and manipulation all around. The delegates should not buy any of it. Who went to Philly to be a prop in the Clinton bounce?
Shaming seems to be more effecting than booing for DWS.
Fight the good fight. Don't fall in line. Don't vote for the lesser of two evils.

Don't let bully moderators control you. 
I will help fight Clinton until the bitter bitter corrupt as all hell end. And no, I won't vote for her.
What if everyone just got up and left before she spoke.
Why was the op banned?
Let your plans be dark and impenetrable as night, and when you move, fall like a thunderbolt.
 Sun Tzu, The Art of War 
The name of this sub is "Sanders For President." The rules say you can't campaign FOR another candidate. As far as I can tell, booing HRC is the farthest thing from campaigning for another candidate. Whatever. After the DNC leak, I'm sure HRC has had a plant in here somewhere all along. 
Please BOO! 

I want people in the future to see these clips on YouTube and know that this shit was not consensual and we did indeed get screwed.
"Never, ever lose your sense of outrage"  
  
-Bernie
If they don't allow Bernie signs, wear a Bernie shirt.  They can't take away your shirt.
LOL You got banned for this? Holy shit the mods on here have really tanked, haven't they? (I'll probably get banned just for saying this too).
Smart suggestion!
Can I start booing her now?
What is the point of dragging all these people to philly-- like my great Hudson valley delegates-- then torturing them by making them participate in a stage managed Hillary show? And they had to pay their own way? I want my delegates to give the DNC hell. Bernie should pay them back. Bernie thinks he can box Hillary into doing the stuff in the platform? 
Just taking the chance of replying here before they shred the sub. Boooooo!
Count on the DNC having prerecorded cheering playing from speakers to drown out reality.

>this post got me banned from participating in this subreddit 

Yes, Bernie supporters have been getting banned. My roommate was banned a few weeks ago for going after Clinton advocating trolls. 

I wonder how long before I disappear.
PLEASE

This is about the planet and the species.

STOP HILLARY

(Trump has no chance against Bernie. Hillary has no chance against Trump)
Fuck this Sub. I'm out before this becomes the Donald 2.0. I'm probably too late though. Thanks to all the amazing mods who kept this sub issue oriented for so long. I never thought I'd quote Ted Cruz but vote your conscience, not your feelings.
Booing is not the most effective protest. If all of Bernie's delegates simply **leave** before her speech (or how about right after the nomination vote), that's a much more powerful symbol. Hillary speaking in front of a half empty hall. A sign of things to come in the general.  Media will go nuts. 

EDIT: On second thought turning their backs and booing is a stronger tactic. credit to /u/darkangelx/
This subreddit is an open and inviting place for honest discussion and polite disagreement. Rational discourse is welcomed hehehehhere, and AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA oh god I just can't. This place is basically Fox News for people under 90.
Yes. Good advice. They also need to save their voices for the roll call vote...

Boo the hell out of Clinton. Forget the DNC
Wow, classy much?
We are with you brother.
What a bunch of fucking children.
[deleted]
For me this means nothing. For me nothing has changed. Even though Bernie endorsed hillary, it does not mean i will vote for her. I will NEVER vote for that vile woman.
I just think if you want to protest, stand up and turn your back on her or just walk out.
I swear I've seen your username before on another sub but not about politics...
I was booing at the TV screen (when I could stomach watching it).
Everyone, head over to /r/StillSandersForPres for better mods. 
I'm pretty sure they'll find a way (or already found) to filter all the berniacs from that final speech, so only hillbots will be admitted.

I just want to know if they went through with the fart-in
What are you trying to accomplish exactly? I swear I think this subreddit has become full of Trump supporters trying to sabotage everything that Bernie has negotiated so hard to accomplish. 
This would be great either way.  If everyone is booing obviously it will look bad, but if they are constantly kicking people out it will probably look even worse especially if the crowd gets obviously smaller throughout the speech.  

Of course, they are probably hoping to have taken credentials away from the "bad apples" before then.
Go to Kossacks! They're still open.

(Note: This is but a glimpse of the control over the internet that Clinton will enact. S4P always had a Hillary protective bent. No doubt the mods were possibly Clinton data miners / censors.)
Im a little confused as to why we should all back an extremely untrustworthy and unfavorable candidate instead of Clinton dropping out so the only candidate who is actually favorable can trash Trump. If that were the case the next poll would look like Bernie 60% Trump 40%....but oh I forgot, Clinton was promised this
I've been booing Hillary for over a year
Save the boos for the Crook in Chief.
It would be great if all the bernie delegates stood up during her speech and turned their backs to her.
How about Chelsea?  She is on the schedule too.  Right before her mom.
You guys take "sore loser" to another level.
One question:

What at all would this accomplish?
Grow up.
Yeah! Boo! That'll move the revolution forward! This country was founded on boos! Yeehaw! 
Whole crowd should have just walked out on Bernie in protest the minute he said Hillary. That would have been an unmutable message.
Sanders sent text to his supporters: "I ask you as a personal courtesy to me to not engage in any kind of protest on the floor." 1/2

Sanders text to supporters continued: "...Its of utmost importance you explain this to your delegations -Bernie" 2/2

[Source](https://twitter.com/tamarakeithNPR/status/757686602466467841?s=09)
CNN will call it a muscular speech no doubt. 
Hi. I saw your thread about HRC being the final speaker at the NDC. I have a couple of questions if you wouldnt mind answering them. I'm french and have a hard time understanding what's happening right now in the USA, politically speaking.
First who is HRC ?
Second, how is the democratic party handling the crisis regaeding the primary manipulation? How are the media talking about it? How are the people handling it?
I didn't think this sub would go the way of r/politics too...
What the fuck is the point of this stupid fucking bullshit?

Do you want to drag Clinton down to losing the election just to fucking vindicate your outrage or something? is that seriously it??? You fucking lunatics would make us live through a trump presidency, supreme court, house, and senate, just so you can say, "See? I told you Bernie was the better candidate"?

God, what a fucking crock of shit. You people don't give one solitary fuck about Bernie's actual message and goals, or progressivism, which is why y'all dumped him like a fucking brick after he endorsed clinton. This is just shameful and pathetic.
We need to get this word out - the MSM is not covering it!
I have a background in art and for what it's worth I think that you expressed it perfectly. Thank you for sharing your art with us and keep it up.
This is great work and definitely captures the zeitgeist of the 2016 election. Thanks for sharing. 
Gozer2016: Choose and perish!
It is beautiful!
Painful and beautiful. Thank you for sharing. 
Damn this is really good, really accurate, and really sad.
I like this. 
In this case there was no Democracy...
It's not his revolution to reign in.
Can we have instructions for each state on how to register as Independent or No Party Preference?
Don't desert down ticket Bernicrats if you still have state primaries to vote in.  We still need every vote we can get for true progressives in their primaries.  We don't for instance want DWS to beat Canova. 

https://www.facebook.com/notes/warren-lynch/updated-which-states-are-safe-to-demexit/10155135251164863

Sorry all I have is a facebook link but the states listed are safe to #DemExitNOW
DNCya
13 million + 1
Why would I wait until Thursday? I left the day of the email leak. I did it online in New York. 
In the video the Fox News host says "protests that could turn violent." What a load of shit. That statement is meaningless. Any protest could turn violent, but nothing indicated that this protest was likely to. 
we do not kneel
I registered No Party Preference five minutes after he endorsed her. Found my confirmation in the mail just before I went to march on Sunday here in LA. 
Just registered Green. Bernie can still bring tears to my eyes, but the minute he talks about Hilary it hurts. 
In Minnesota we don't have voter registration by party.  So we can't protest by unregistering as Democrats.  We can just no vote as Democrats.  Or we can vote for Jill at the top of the ticket and downticket whomever we please.  We don't have to do straight ticket either.
I'm only keeping my registration for if/when Trump becomes president Bernie Sanders or Elizabeth Warren will be so upset with the way the country is headed at that point, they will run in 2020. 
Damn, I wish I could participate in the DemExit...but I live in Texas.
Seriously there is no way anyone with integrity can support the DNC is really like, and remember that going forward.
Wow thanks for this. I would have never caught the news about how Obama just legalized slavery and declared martial law without this fine reputable news source.
DO NOT DemExit if you live in Florida. Aug 30th we have key dem primaries. We must keep scumbag Patrick Murphy from the Senate seat and of course the obvious..... Tim Canova if you live in FL-23
It was heartbreaking watching Bernie Sanders be reduced to spouting generic Democratic Party cliches and platitudes. The parts of his speech that echoed his barnstorming stump were a painful reminder of the things he can no longer say.

Despite the lofty rhetoric of the platform and speeches, none of it will get passed as-is.

Clinton is a dedicated warmonger, a blind supporter of right-wing factions in Israel, a cheerleader for the surveillance state, a personally enriched Wall Street defender, and a tone-deaf religious elite. The drones will keep flying. The oil will keep flowing. She'll pander to neocons and to law and order types. The rich will be just fine. And she'll spend 4 years fighting back against personal insults from the GOP.

This week is time to leave the party. The last realistic chance at a left-wing administration just kicked the bucket.
As someone in a state with no actual party registration, I am really disappointed I can't take part in this officially, but yeah, I am done with the Democratic party,
How does one un-register as a dem?  just asking, for a friend that is...
add one more. I'll be joining the green party. 
THey didn't poll me. 13 million and 1
I'm sorry, but where does this figure even come from? Is this one of those "sign up for countdown" sort of scenarios?

The article cites the woman in the video as the source, but what is she citing? Thanks
Shit site for a shit article, what evidence of this even is there?
SHOULD I leave the party? I only ask because I don't want to do it in the spur of the moment and not be able to vote later on for Berniecrats who are Democrat (i'm unsure if those votes work like the primaries).
Here ya go Clinton, you wanted party unity, and the ones that were holding it back are gone. Kudos.
I will wait to see if the super delegates will do what's right, then I will #demexit (because who am I kidding really) After being loyal to its "progressive" platform for over 20+ years, I realized I am far too left to be a DNC member. 
I love how he changed "hell no DNC we won't vote for Hilary" to "hell no DNC we will vote for Hilary" what a fucking joke
+1
Didn't he get 13 million votes in the primaries? I doubt all 13 million will leave the party. Plus how many of those were non-affiliated? I for one was when i voted for him and still am. Voting libertarian. 
/r/StillSandersForPres
Mailing mine in tomorrow. It's already filled out.
2 more in Texas!
Thursday's the day, huh? Will do!
I'm out.  Feels good man.
honest question, where did she get 13 million from? 
Is this like when we killed Kony? I upvoted

Glad we got that bastard
Joined the Democrats by senior year of high school, before I could even legally vote ... didn't think I'd be leaving during my junior year of college but I won't stand to be part of this corruption. I'm out Thursday. 
I'll chime in... I'm normally an independent (NPP in CA) but I temporarily registered as a Democrat so I could vote for Bernie delegates.... if Bernie is not the nominee and continues to support Hillary Clinton, I will be deregistering from the Democratic Party and will likely never vote for anyone on that Party again.... and I'll be voting for Jill Stein. No freaking way would I ever even think about voting for the likes of Hillary Clinton!
I'm not affiliated with any political party and at least I know now the Democratic Party is rotten down to the core, these speeches prove it.
[removed]
How does this have 20 upvotes in one minute?
Thank you for reminding me to switch back to no party preference.  I don't think I'll vote for a Democrat or Republican ever again.

edit:  If you live in Nevada this is where you go to do it http://www.clarkcountynv.gov/election/services/Pages/VoterRegistration.aspx
Join us at /r/socialism 
Throw another into the mix. I sent an email to the DNC, and I absolutely will not be voting for Hillary under any circumstances. I still love Bernie and believe he's doing what he thinks is best, but now I must do what I think is best. I'm sure he of all people would understand me voting my conscience, not my fears.

I'm switching to the Green Party ASAP.
This is stupid, the "evidence" is literally just a lady saying it... What a shit post, man. Are we seriously getting this low?
Time to Burn
How do I leave? 
I sent mine today.  It will reach my County Board of Elections on Thursday.  I chose Green as I agree with Dan Savage that a viable party has to do more then just run a presidential candidate every four years.  I could make a good dog catcher....
https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4umnqs/question_what_is_the_quickest_way_to_change_my/d5r1uc9
**New Jerseyans** - To switch parties (or better yet vote as you see fit in **primaries**) in [New Jersey](http://www.nj.com/hunterdon/index.ssf/2016/03/primary_voting_in_nj_things_you_need_to_know.html) you need to **unaffiliate** yourself with a political party. Most people will have registered as D or R or something else.

Unaffiliated is DIFFERENT from Independent which is considered 'A political party' , and unaffiliated status means you can vote either Republican or Democratic (as [apparently] only the two major/largest parties are represented in primaries)

To declare your [**unaffiliatedness**](http://www.state.nj.us/state/elections/voting-information-party-declaration-forms.html) fill this out & mail it in, and while this doesn't roll off the tongue as nicely as declaring your independence, it's how you do it. 

So, come on New Jersey take back your right to change your mind.
I truly appreciate this woman giving so many Bernie supporters and supporters of progressive policies a voice--and on a mainstream news show no less. It's great to see someone talking about how blatant the corruption and rigged primary election is against Sanders. It's frustrating how regularly this is ignored and swept under the rug.
Took care of that after watching Democrats disgrace themselves during Comey's testimony. Now registered unaffiliated in OR.
Shit, I already left  I want to be a part of this!
Was gonna leave today but gonna wait Thursday 
How many of us have already re-registered? I know I have. 
Why didnt bernie join Jill Stein :(
Oh well this is the right response after Hillary broke Bernie.
Left the Dem party in CA, they can kiss my balls.

Independent life.
Was never officially a member. But would join just to leave. 
damn what a spammy site.
If you live in a state where ballot access has yet to finish try and help third parties get ballot access so there is a choice come November:
New Hampshire
Ohio
And many others need your help
Peace!
**FLORIDA VOTERS BEWARE!** 
We have a lot of red counties in this state, and I live in one. They tried to tell me that my DL address had to match the address on my voter registration to vote. THAT IS NOT TRUE. If you've moved to another country, you need to show PROOF you now reside in that county with something like a utility bill or some other official document. This is STRAIGHT from their website:

**If the address on my Florida driver's license or Florida ID hasnt been updated and does not match my voter registration, will I be allowed to vote?**

The address on the driver license does not need to match the address in the voter registration record. If you have moved and havent changed your driver's license to reflect your new address, thats okay. What is important is that you vote in the precinct where you currently live, no matter what your driver's license says. You need change your address on your voter registration prior to Election Day to avoid paperwork and a delay at the polls. Visit or call the Elections Office at (386) 313-4170 to change your address. You may also complete and mail a Florida Voter Registration Application.

Too late for me, I left after our primary... But I support this 100%
How do I leave online? (i live in NY) 
I've never been a Democrat and I've never been a Republican. However, similar to Senator Sanders, I almost always vote with the Democrats. However, this entire primary has been littered with controversy, collusion and what I consider to be straight up cheating.

Maybe conservatives are willing to break their integrity to win, but I'm not.
These are truly the end of days.
Is this not exactly what Neocon Democrats want?
I because NPP in NY the day Bernie endorsed Clinton. Not because I gave up on Bernie, but because it is so clear that the DNC will not budge from their inner narrative, that I cannot in good conscience be associated with that. 

I left the Republican Party because I refuse to associate with science deniers and "Western Sharia" mindset. I went "NPP" in honor of Bernie. I joined the Democrats to vote for Bernie in NY, and would have remained had the Democrats conducted a fair and impartial primary. They did not. I went back to NPP in honor of Bernie (even if Bernie, himself, had to join the Democrats). 

But I think people in *both* Parties need to "vote with their feet." There should be a #gopexit alongside a #demexit, because both mainstream Parties have become absurd and the American People should not have been placed in a position where we have Trump and Clinton to choose from. Both sides of the political spectrum deserve better.
I'm just 1 in 13 million I guess.
I just did this is PA yesterday 
I left a few weeks back when Clinton was insisting that Sanders hadn't changed her views on any subject. Have fun with your dumpster fire of a corrupt party, Democrats.
I am all for #DemExit but I doubt 13 million are going to leave on Thursday...
I'll be registering as an independent.  To hell with this.  There is no way anyone with integrity can support the DNC given what has just taken place.  I will not stand for injustice.
DNCya
Here's the email I just sent to the DNC:

I am writing this email because I want to express that due to the blatant sabotaging and disrespect to Senator Bernie Sanders during his historic presidential campaign, I am withdrawing all my support, affiliation, and participation with the Democratic National Convention. Since I'm from Mississippi, which requires no party affiliation to vote, I wanted to make sure that my decision to leave on these grounds was still visible to the DNC. 

I'm deeply saddened and horribly disillusioned. So much good could have been done together, but the insistence on forcing Hillary Clinton on us, as well as the emails revealed from the hand of Debbie Wasserman Schultz, leave me (and countless others) the only decision we have left that leaves out integrity intact: to break all ties with the DNC and continue investing our power, time, money, support, and votes in other parties.
As a Trump supporter I seriously would be furious if the RNC did the same to Trump. I would also leave the party (even though I'm already thinking about it). Good on you guys to make a stand! Also please support a third party, whoever it may be, our country needs more competing parties.
I am only a Democrat for the ten minutes every four years I am in the town hall. 

Those are ten minutes every four years too long.
I jumped the gun I guess.
Great example horrible biased journalism in America. How did anyone not notice how Intentionally Oblivious that reporter was?? Hell no DNC were gonna vote for Hilary? That's not what they chanted. They said "Hell no DNC we won't vote for Hilary" 
13M +1, only affiliated Dem to vote in primaries for Bern dog...now I retire once more.

this is quite a sad and disgusting state of affairs for this country. 
Haha I left a few weeks ago. I didn't realize people stayed on after all the BS that's been going on.
Arizona here, left the party today since I was already at the DMV. Registered as an independent for the first time in my life. 
Continue the discussion: 

Suggesting : https://www.reddit.com/r/FeelTheBernSFPres/ - need mods
Any other source besides a woman on the street?
I'll be leaving for sure
just joined the green party online in california.
The unfortunate reality is that leaving the party will do little. The party does not need people, it needs money. Whether or not there are millions of people leaving will matter only if the money train dries up and the mega donors/corporate sponsors pull out.

Until unregulated capitalism hits the bin, we will continue to slide to the 3rd world.
This is great, but beyond doing it tell your "democratic" elected officials (assuming you have some) that you are doing so. They tend to pay at least some attention to their constituents, so I've just emailed my two senators to let them know that I am done with their party.

Its one thing for 13 million people to leave the party; Its another thing for elected officials to receive 13 million emails telling them you are leaving their party.
https://www.sos.state.co.us/voter-classic/pages/pub/olvr/findVoterReg.xhtml To change party affiliation in Colorado.
But, but, but... Trump is orange!!!
[deleted]
I registered for different party, but still show me democrat
What happened?
So, more people than actually bothered to vote for Bernie....?
I'd like a better source than a protestor on a blog
For those in Pennsylvania:

https://www.pavoterservices.state.pa.us/Pages/VoterRegistrationApplication.aspx
what's the best way to leave the democratic party and tell them to go f themselves? i'm from maryland
**Maryland**

In MD you just go through the normal registration process and indicate that you are already registered.

https://voterservices.elections.maryland.gov/OnlineVoterRegistration/InstructionsStep1
They want you to leave the partyif you leave you can't vote in future primaries.

Stay in the party, take it over from the inside.  You can vote for whoever you want in the general.
[removed]
I just left in NY. Was never a Democrat anyway.
Yep, I'm out.
Please don't leave the dem party in closed primary states, peeps.  We need to make the democratic party better, because our First Past The Post voting system eliminates all 3rd parties.  

I live in CT and there's a primary election August 9th!
Good! Leave. You're never gonna break the two-party system by supporting the crap the two parties pull.

You're just being a sheep by staying in.
Damn, I went NPP the day Bernie endorsed her. Sorry guys. :)
Arizona: https://servicearizona.com/webapp/evoter/selectLanguage

I already switched back to Green. I'm still on the fence about who I'm going to vote for. Jill Stein is currently my top choice.
We the people can elect our president, we don't need democrats to do it for us, thank you.
GG Clinton but your corrupt ass just lost to Trump 
I live in WA state, and am having trouble re registering. It's telling me I've already registered, then reloads back to the home "my vote" page. Any help?
I'm in Michigan and we don't declare a party.  If I could I absolutely would #DemExit.  All of my suspicions confirmed about how the DNC is/has been run with the emails being leaked.  Let's get the real progressive movement started.  I understand Bernie's position, but he's wrong on this.  #FeelTheAfterBern
13 million? She's dreaming. 
Do we have any proof that 13 million people will actually leave the party on Thursday?

I know plenty of Sanders supporters  including myself  who plan on staying.
I never joined the party.




No affiliation for me. I'm not jumping into the shitstorm.
honestly, this number seems WAY high. A lot like when dumpster fire sites were claiming we'd see TEN MILLION BERNIE SUPPORTERS in the streets of Philly.
Oh hell, yes. Count me the fuck in.
make that 13 and 1 million
Just left, feel liberated :)
***ATTENTION ALL CALIFORNIANS*** who are registered voters in the State of California. IF you are registered as (No Party Preference NPP) you will NOT BE ALLOWED to vote for (Republican - Green - Peace & Freedom) if you want to vote (American Independent - Democratic - Libertarian) as an NPP well GOOD NEWS you are already locked in and ready to go "heck I'm surprised the Dems don't lick the envelope and send a limo to pick you up and drive you to the end of your driveway to put it in the mailbox" so my friends and fellow American's check your status otherwise you may be IMMORALLY LOCKED OUT from voting for a Presidential candidate this November....

http://www.sos.ca.gov/elections/political-parties/no-party-preference/
I think this is the worst thing we could do. We need to stay in and support voting in other progressives. Look at how the Tea Party took over the GOP. I hate to admit it, but we need to what they did and take our part back. It seems sanders has used our votes as leverage to get Hillary to write up some more progressive policies. Bailing out now would not only give her cause to back out, but it would make everything he did to inspire us a moot point... especially if it gives trump a chance to win
[removed]
I have always been an independent since the day I first registered to vote. So in regards to the Democratic party, there is definitely no way I will join a party that promotes rigging, dishonesty, and ignorance. I cannot simply understand the need to join a party who doesn't promote the people's interests.
I'm going to reiterate that we need you all to stay if your state is holding downticket primaries after Thursday. Please! We need to get our Berniecrats in there! There is plenty of time to change your registration before the election.
I'm definitely not a democrat anymore.

I mean, democrats robbed 8 million small contributions from working ppl just so they can elect their queen b.

Can't fall in line, not this time.
See ya, we'll complete the revolution without you quitters. 
LOL. Deluded. 
ok, a much as people might hate to hear this, everyone on this sub should really think about voting for Donald Trump. while I agree that we should get a 3rd party on the map, this isn't the election to do it. It is imperative that Hillary does not get elected, and voting independent is pretty much just throwing your vote away. So yes, push the 3rd party as much as you can, but come voting time, if the 3rd party doesn't have a chance, please just duck it up and vote for Trump (against Hillary) so that your vote matters.

plz don't downvote me just my honest opinion ;_;
guys pls, be united ;_;
Disavow
Clickbait
Guys we still need to try and vote for democrats and Berniecratz for congress. Please don't leave until after august elections. Unless your state allows you to vote for them as an independent.
Hi `DrJarns`. Thank you for participating in /r/SandersForPresident. However, [your submission](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4umar7/demexit_13_million_to_leave_democratic_party/) did not meet the requirements of the [community guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules) and was therefore removed for the following reason(s): 

----

* **[Uncivil](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_personal_conduct) (rule #1):** All /r/SandersForPresident submissions should be civil and should emulate the behavior seen by Senator Sanders in his campaign efforts. 

 * All interactions with other users should be respectful and insult-free, regardless of that particular user's viewpoints





* **[Negative Campaigning or Campaigning for other Candidates](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_personal_conduct) (rule #1b):** Submissions on /r/SandersForPresident should be free of campaigning for other candidates as well as negative smears, distortions, or personal attacks about *any* candidate or public figure.

 * Criticizing a particular politician (including any presidential candidate) is acceptable as long as it's constructive criticism.



* **[Off-Topic](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_title_and_subject_rules.) (rule #3):** Material posted on /r/SandersForPresident should include significant and overt references to Bernie or the campaign. 

 * Posts which contain general political information (non-Bernie related) should be posted on /r/Politics or /r/PoliticalDiscussion. If this submission is to a link that does not meet the above criteria but you believe would contribute to /r/SandersForPresident, consider writing a text post with appropriate Bernie-relevant framing and the current link to spark insightful discussion. If this submission is already a text post, consider resubmitting with more substantial Bernie-relevant framing.





* **[Over-discussion](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_title_and_subject_rules.) (rule #5b):** Submissions which contain content that is posted very consistently may be removed.

 * Overdiscussed topics may be given megathreads in some cases, but all overdiscussed topics are ineligible to be reposted regardless of the 30 day repost limit. 

 * Major breaking news will almost always be given a megathread.

 * Before posting a policy question about Bernie, please visit [FeelTheBern.org](http://www.feelthebern.org) and use the search bar to look for various terms related to your post.



* **[Low Productivity](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_title_and_subject_rules.) (rule #6):** Submissions which provide little content or in-depth material are considered low productive, such as unsubstantial text posts, or link posts to text conversations, screenshots, memes, photos, or other low content material.



* **[Coordinated Solicitation or Harassment  and Linking to Online Petitions or Polls,](https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules#wiki_title_and_subject_rules.) (rule #7):** Submissions which contain content that unofficially call for coordinated group efforts aimed at targeting specific individuals or groups who actively support a stance other than our own are not permitted. 

 * Calls for violation of [reddit's global rules](/rules) (including votes on a particular post or harassment of users) will not be tolerated in any scenario. 

*Linking to online petitions or polls without prior mod approval is also prohibited. 





----

If you have any specific questions about this removal, please [message the moderators](https://www\.reddit\.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FSandersForPresident&subject=about my removed submission&message=I'm writing to you about the following submission: https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4umar7/demexit_13_million_to_leave_democratic_party/. %0D%0DMy issue is...). Hateful or vague messages will not receive a response. **Please do not respond to this comment.**
You leave the party and we're allowing more regressive politics than ever before. Stop and think for a minute please.
Bye assholes   
edit: i was refering to leaving the democratic party. jesus.
Where else are you going to sit in to push the revolution?
 #NoVoiceNoUnity
I just officially left the Democrat party today. I've been a Democrat for 21 years, but I can no long support such a corrupt party. I have donated hundreds over the years, but they will no longer receive another cent until the political revolution takes over.
Don't do it if you live in KS,FL,AZ,WY, and DE!

We need to participate in the congressional and senatorial primaries!
Lifelong Dem voter, donor and fundraiser. 
Bernie supporter since day-1. 

Now No Party Preference, as we call Independents in CA.  Too sad to write a break up letter to the DNC but I will eventually.

For others in the golden state, please remember American Independent party is some right wing fringe group, to be an independent voter select "No, I do not want to disclose a political party preference."
Good idea!
I'm in PA so I'm good. 
Bernie returns being an independent and I become one. Time to roll up our sleeves. 
Being an independent who is loyal in the General to dems, but doesn't have a voice in the primary is what they want. That's why there's no incentive to get half the country to join and why they don't give a shit about turnout. The electoral college also does this
I feel that I'm now faced with months of soul searching.  I can't vote for Clinton just because Bernie said so after the DNC fiasco. At the same time,  I can't be complicit in letting Trump win either. 
The Jill Stein bumper sticker replaced my Bernie sticker as soon as the roll call ended yesterday.

I may not agree with all of the Green party positions (like using quantitative easing to erase student debt) but this is far preferable to me than continuing to support a corrupt party supported by corrupt corporations which supports more destabilizing regime change.


Think I may have to vote third party (Jill Stein.) I just can't vote for Hillary. 
I'm not 100% but I think I may try to block Clinton and then support berniecrats that he promotes.  I personally think this pushes a strong message and empowers us to block disastrous policies trump would try to put forth.  That said I think Trump is all bark.
I'm going green.
Haven't fully decided on anyone, Bernie earned my vote 'Green' has come close to earning it.. So far everyone else has just further alienated it.


I'm not rewarding corruption and I'm not supporting someone with Clinton or Trump's policy positions. I'm either writing in Bernie or going Stein.. haven't decided which yet.
Jill Stein. We need a progressive party and the Green party is right there waiting for our support.
I'm actively supporting both Gary Johnson and Jill Stein in an attempt to dive more people to third parties. My actual vote will go green, but it would be fantastic just to get Johnson on the debate stage!
NOT VOTING. As a volunteer and contributor for the Bernie Campaign, I was personally cheated by the DNC and DWS was rewarded by Hillary, just like the hedge fund managers were rewarded after the bailout. Both parties in U.S. political system are an international embarrassment. I deeply regret I was naive enough to believe a candidate for the people could be elected by the people. 
[removed]
I live in Colorado.  I am going to vote for Clinton and then go outside and throw up.
[removed]
I was really ready to swallow my pride and just vote for Clinton but after wikileaks and the fact that she literally HIRED DWS I physically cannot. Jill it is for me! 
I'm either going trump or johnson.

Bernie wants anything but trump but personally I want anything but hillary, she is the greater of two evils, IMO she is worse than the antichrist, not that I think trump is good but Clinton must not win the presidency
Bernie lost delegates in NINE states somewhere between the primary and roll call. He also would've won if he had Hillary's superdelegates (we already knew this). Unfortunately, he wouldn't have won if the superdelegates were distributed according to the popular vote in the primaries. That being said, if the superdelegates weren't talked about before voting occurred, who knows how later primaries would've turned out. This chart can't predict voter sentiment, when I finish my theory on personality maybe I'll be able to do that.
Those supers turned Bernie's wins into losses and landslides to ties/closer wins.
Super Delagates clinched it... Had those not been counted in the roll call it would have caused a brokered.
I was getting sos updates until I went back to look yesterday...no info :(
Good work on this spreadsheet though!
Where did you get this info? Please.
The super delegates is why I left the party.
California is incorrect 
http://www.nytimes.com/elections/results/california
I lost all respect for her when she turned on a friend (the owner of a comedy club) and made up a bullshit story about not being paid the same as a male comedian. (She redacted the claim when he went public with the truth.)
Elizabeth Warren says, yes, the system is rigged, but we must vote for someone who helped rig it. 

Is it any wonder people are dismayed?
Thank god they can edit that in post!
Didn't appreciate silverman's comment either. Thought it was pretty dumb to say when the whole point of the convention is to attempt to come together. Last time I checked, calling someone ridiculous pushes them away.
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0SFxd-yTBT4
Who the fuck cares what sarah fucking silverman thinks
You can tell they lost control of that crowd and they both knew it
Calling devoted supporters  ridiculous...yeah, that'll win 'em over!
Here is the big difference between Sarah Silverman and the people on the floor of the convention rooting for Bernie.

For Sarah Silverman, she did root for Bernie and thought he did stand for something right and great but when he conceded she was ready to move on and get back to her life of celebrity and luxurious lifestyle that is bought by having millions. Her life is not impacted personally. So its easy to move on.

But that is not the option for most working class and middle class people who have been short changed for three decades plus. They had hope someone finally understood their problems and was not touched by the corrupt system and ready to fight for them and their well being. He was the only hope of doing right by them. Now that choice is robbed away from them by a rigged system and all they have is to go back to their lives knowing they and their kids and grandkids are still at the short end of a corrupt system that is only focused on the needs of the wealthy and the big corporations while still royally short changing them. That is why it is very difficult for the working class and middle class people of this country who supported Bernie to move on. That is why they are being "ridiculous".

Edit: spelling.
Oh wow a rich limousine liberal thinks we are ridiculous for being angry that the system is provably rigged against us. For her, Bernies message is just a nice idea, but for us it's about our future and our lives. Fuck her.
Bernie's campaign was about revolution. The closest thing you can do now is just refuse to support the DNC or RNC. At this point, have either one earned your vote? When people tell you your choice is between corruption and insanity, it's your duty to say, "Fuck this, I'm taking my business elsewhere."

Look at how huge this country is. The idea that we can just split all our ideas and principles cleanly in two groups is just flat out ridiculous, anyways. Life demands more nuance.
Ughh, another millionaire telling us commoners how to vote.
The sad thing is that Hillary and the DNC think they've pulled off some big win and have got away with something, when in reality it's going to be what loses her the general election in November.  They've pissed off Independents, who they'll need to win the general, for far too long.  I absolutely *despise* Trump and he'll never get my vote, but one thing can be said for him that can't he said for Hillary.  He won his nomination fair and square.  Hillary had to lie, cheat, and steal her way to the spot.  
Hey everybody, really sorry that we cheated and rigged everything, so yeah, come on over! If you're mad about it still, you're just being ridiculous! Sarah Silverman and less angry Lewis Black said so!
Imagine you're Sarah Silverman, you've been campaigning for Bernie for months. You really believe in this man and his message. He loses the race, so after much tough deliberation, you decide the only rational course of action is to back the very person you were fighting tooth and nail against. It's a bitter pill, but you decide you have to swallow it. You even agree to go to the DNC and back the candidate that you once despised.

Okay, I understand that.

Then, the day before your speech, it comes out that the whole contest was rigged from the word go. All your work was ultimately useless, not because you lost a close but fair fight, but because the powers-that-be declared it to be so, and paid off everybody to make it happen.

How can a person with any integrity still get on that stage, and not only defend Hillary, but call her once-allies "ridiculous"? 
Here is how I see it as a Bernie supporter. We still damn near won the primary against the odds of complete collusion from the DNC, media, corporate money, and pure election fraud. And now these motherfuckers want us to suck it up, and join their team because we can't let Trump win? Fuck them.

The DNC clearly broke the law, and cheated to have the weakest candidate in recent history win a primary as their pre-chosen front runner. They do not get the luxury of now saying, "oh shit it worked! We just have to get all of Bernie's people to back us for a chance to win." 

I say vote 3rd party, all of us. This whole shit show is the DNC's fault and it's time they learn a lesson about interferring with democracy. If Trump ends up winning, maybe it's what they need and deserve to finally get their fucking heads out of their asses and start listening to the citizens. They even know one or two Supreme Court positions will be open, yet they still chose to run Hillary after all the numbers showed Bernie. Hillary has been ramrodded down our throats since day 1. If you remove all the collusion, election fraud, and corporate money, this election would have been a landslide for Bernie. 

Just as the GOP has self destructed to what they are now, I say we allow the Democratic party to do the same thing. Both parties have forced themselves to the brink of disrepair all to whore themselves out to corporate money. It's time we stop duct taping them back together with the lesser of evil bullshit and start looking outside of their parties. 

TL:DR http://compforce.typepad.com/.a/6a00d83451df4569e2015435f02282970c-pi
Sarah Silverman insulted our national delegates who like me have given 100s of hours of our time and have sacrificed other things for it too. I was horrified when because she didn't like being booed she turned around and said "you're being ridiculous" as if she was on Twitter etc. She was saying that to freaking heroes who have devoted much of their lives to this cause.
Watching Sarah Silverman throw gasoline on the fire just made my night.

You know, *poor taste* is kind of her shtick
you people realize you're searching for reason with a woman who [falsely accused a comedy club of paying her less for being a woman](http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2015/apr/16/sarah-silverman-apologizes-psa-wage-gap-lie-after-/). Sarah Silverman is an asshole and this shouldn't surprise anyone
I'd say people are being relatively rational given what's gone on. 
[deleted]
I fucking hate the smugness and derision of Democrats. Its thanks in part because of it that we are revolting against the establishment. Sarah Silverman just perfectly personified everything that is wrong with the Democratic party and why i'm never gonna vote Democrat ever again.
Who the fuck is she to tell people to just line up behind the limousine liberal cause? Also what happened to Al Franken anyway? I thought he was supposed to be an actual progressive. He's been behind Hill from day one afaik. At least the presidency is largely ceremonial. The new one mostly continues the last one's policies, (especially foreign) with some minor tweaks. 
[deleted]
Sarah Silverman there's literally a world of perspective difference between being liberal because you have lofty goals and the desire for the betterment of humanity, and being liberal because you exist at the bottom of an increasingly steeper economic incline. 

It's like you're lecturing steerage class on the Titanic from the inside of a lifeboat.

 All of these "Party People" many who are fortunate enough to never have to earn a callous in their lives or go without, and some in positions of power that colluded with local parties to purge registrations, and with corporate media to build false narratives. That brushed off accusations as conspiracy theories right up until the very moment when Wikileaks forced a quiet admission and dishonest half apology. They want all of these delegates that have come across country at OVERWHELMING personal expense to sit down and shut up. 

Yeah It's pretty ridiculous.

Unfortunately for these people, none of us were ever Simply Bernie voters. We're a movement that's been silently building for 40 years. As higher education became a debt sentence to the middle class and a whispered dream to anyone in the bondage of a paycheck to paycheck existence. As we voted for democrat after democrat that played lip service to our concerns, while they quietly sold out the public option and forced everyone into the same shitty market failure private insurance that people were trying to escape from. 

The same party that pushed for the Panama free trade agreement, a giant cover for wealthy donors to hide their income. 

The same party and candidate that has sold fracking abroad. 

The same party trying desperately to push through the TPP, a corporate rights deal that will allow corporations to supercede national laws and regulation by empowering them with the ability to sue over lost profits.

I won't even start with the NSA, or massive wall street donations, how Barney Frank from Dodd Frank now works for a fucking bank or with the fact that major NeoConservative icons are full-throatingly endorsing Hillary.

Look, Bernie was a great candidate, but his most important role was that he unified a large swath of a disgusted American electorate (not just liberals by the way). 

Something happened once we were out, we looked to our sides and noticed for the first time that there were so many of us.

Now that we know we're not alone it really doesn't matter who it is giving that speech. We're the anti-authoritarian wing of the party, no ones gonna tell us what to do, not even Bernie bless his heart.

I'm proud of these people, proud to stand with them at my sides. I'm proud to no longer be a member of your party, it's far too expensive for a guy like me
She acts as if there aren't legitimate reasons for not bending over for Hillary. Hillary made this mess with her mix of corruption and then choosing the anti-Bernie for VP.
Nominating the contestant who will lose is ridiculous.
Going for the person who got off of an indictment on a technicality is ridiculous
Not being upset over a rigged election is ridiculous
This is bigger than Bernie vs Hillary- this is about the sanctity of Democracy. 
>"Thank God we can fix this in post" 
  
Pretty much sums up the DNC's strategy 
Sarah Silverman you have seen the last of my patronage.

I'm really sorry for all the time and money you guys put into this election. And now you get shit on by b celebrities and the democratic party itself. Disgusting.
I've been disappointed by many of my favorite liberal figureheads lately. First Elizabeth Warren's betrayal, now Sarah Silverman. Didn't expect either. 
Fuck her. 
Why is the DNC so adamant on nominating a candidate who can't beat Donald Trump?
 it is the party of fraud led by a liar
I just watched a follow-up on CNN with Silverman and Franken. Apparently she was in the Hillary camp until March and then kind of moved over to the Bernie camp for a month or two and now she's back in Hillary camp. She said she still likes Bernie but it's clear she never really left Hillary. She didn't say it was a joke or sarcasm or satire.
She thought she could add that last line and walk off stage. It made it incredibly awkward when they told her to keep going to burn time.
Dictators subvert the democratic process. 

That is what Clinton & the gravytrain establishment democrats feel okay doing. Anything to be a part of the corporate lobbying cashflow.

I will support downballot progressives, but never voting clinton.


I'm from the UK. Support Bernie. And I would like to ask, what the fuck is happening to your country! Telling people to stop being ridiculous does not win ANYONE'S support.

Our recent political problems and Brexit pale in comparison at the moment.
I've always loved Sarah Silverman and was tempted to tweet her "Is it ridiculous to want fair elections? To think the US is better than Russia and Turkey?". But the closest I get to social media is reddit. Wish my vote could mean something more this year, but it'll mean enough by not supporting the two party system.
I think Sarah Silverman is ridiculous. She always mentions her Jewish heritage and its probable shes a tad biased. I dont think shes actually very smart as people led on to believe in 2006-2007 era and I think shes a morbid cuntblast of bad personality.

#youreridiculoussarah
When you've got a few $$Million in the bank, and more to come, the status quo looks pretty good-- _for you_.

For millions of the rest of us, the status quo sucks. and we're getting a bit tired of it. Hillary picking Kaine is another indicator she's a boring, centrist-right supporter of the status quo.

Nearly none of her agenda will pass unless the democrats win control of both the House and Senate. and I don't see much of a plan to make that happen. what I do see is one million new GOP registered voters in crucial swing state Ohio,
Don't feel bad if Trump wins this this, it is the DNC's fault not ours.  They have been watching the polls for months that showed them how to beat Trump and they decided to RIG the system anyways.  They are trying to take away our right to a fair election and are now trying to frame us as the bad guys.  Don't let them do it!
It is time to leave the Democratic Party.
This got my blood boiling.  
As a democrat, I say: enjoy your Trump presidency.  
Thanks Sarah, because of you I've decided that I absolutely won't vote for Hillary now.
Seriously, fuck this shit.

I don't know what Hillary has on Bernie and I don't really care but it makes literally no sense for him to roll over after what he's been complaining about for over a year is finally proven true on paper.


I'm quickly losing every last bit of respect for nearly all the people that claimed to be on "our" side. Who else is going to shame and mock us into voting for the queen?
yep fighting for our jobs (tpp) is ridiculous, we should all just be female millionaire comedians. f*ck her 
Should have been Rosario Dawson speaking instead of Sarah.
Since when is Sarah Silverman relevant in politics? 
Thats going to be the narritive. That you guys are being ridiculous so that they can do damage control and give other things attention, away from the corruption.
To Sarah Silverman, a former Bernie supporter: "We are NOT being ridiculous!" This is our movement and it cannot be stopped. 

Thank you so much to the people at the DNC making our voices at home heard.
I thought it was sarcastic, my god it was for real I will never vote democrat ever again these idiots are sheep.
They don't realize that this sort of shit pushes us away even more.  
I will never vote for her. Bernie til I die. 
I agreed with most everything said the first night, but I felt demoralized at the end of it. I'm still not voting for Clinton. I can't forget everything that happened.
Wait Sarah Silverman is funny? I thought she was motivational speaker for young women with STDs 
Thought it was sarcastic, my god it was pretty dumb to say when the whole thing, but that last comment was certainly incendiary.
Sarah Silverman isn't funny.  Turns out she's also a sexist idiot.
When is she getting her own day time talk show? That market really needs another completely out of touch comedian who has never made me laugh.
Yeah, she'll be feeling the backlash from that today. That was just over the line.
She says we are ridiculous.  That we should be the subject of **ridicule.**

She's a woman who makes a living by way of her carefully crafted rules.  She knows exactly what she said about us.
Don't let comedians ad lib at a political convention.  It was he wrongest thing to say at a moment meant to inspire a deal with the devil.
Sarah is just mad people aren't as open-minded to Hilllary as her. Some of us have standards.
Its about time someone acknowledged that the people in charge of the left are as corrupt as anyone and will do whatever it takes to stay in power. This was a fix and the media was in on it. They always made Bernie look like the little guy. There were rallies for Bernie, Hilary and Trump here where I live and the least amount of support for anyone was BY FAR for Hilary. The media wants you to believe that it's inevitable Hilary will win and that because she's a woman, we will make "progress" by electing her. The same way they portray Trump as being racist for not wanting illegal aliens here which is not unreasonable. She is a Wall Street whore and will lie and cheat to get what she wants. Do not be fooled because she has 2 X chromosomes. I really hope the Bernie supporters turn on the lying cheating dems. The speeches last night prove that they just want you to fall in line and vote for whatever the next "minority" is. Your voices and opinions do not actually matter to them one iota. 
I think I fall on the middle ground here.  I am unsure of how i will vote at this point,  and will need to continue to research as well as allow the situation to develop.  However the overwhelming hostility from the camp of bernie supporters gon hillary is off putting to me.  I am simply not looking to vote for someone based off the fact that Trump is a worse choice. Which is all i am receiving. I feel however the third party would suffer more under a trump presidency.  At this point  though i dont think its time to pick Hillary. At this point It is literally up to super delegates.  Why are we not working on discussing the topics at hand, or why Bernie is better equipped to handle those situations and topics as a whole, as Bernie said should be done? I feel the lack of a formal investigation at this point does not allow us to simply call for a revote or to have Hillary removed, maybe a future leak would change this, but i dont think that is a chance worth taking,  being dependent on a third party for information. Good luck to all before and after this election. 
A Jewish comedian watched the DNC conspire against a Jewish politician and another Jewish comedian came to stand by her side to tell us all to just suck it up. They should have just told the truth.

The process was rigged and this is who we have now. They're telling us to just go along with the rigged outcome and get past it?
I don't understand what Trump has to do with anything? Seriously Bernie went ahead and endorsed someone (Hitlery) who just hired the individual (DWS) whose resignation he called for not two days ago because she rigged the primaries against him (acknowledged by all parties).

Spitting right in the face of his supporters.
she really is a vile and disgusting human being and worthy of our contempt.

watching them send in the brownshirts to stalk and snatch away bernie signs and kick out bernie supporters was all you need to know. this is fascism.
If you really want an example of ridiculousness take a look at Sarah Silverman's career. 
[deleted]
You are being ridiculous. We didn't sweep but we got a lot of victories. We have thrusted most of our platform into the Democratic platform. There's a chance, sure, that it's all a ruse and none of what we are asking  for will get done. But the chances of getting anything done is diminished to 0 and all of our victories are thrown out the window if you allow Trump to be president. 

Take the victories we got and move forward with them. Just because we didn't change everything in 6 months doesn't mean we should just give up. That is what you are doing.
Hillary's nomination is the Establishment triumphing, with dirty tricks and cheating, over a grass roots progressive uprising.

If you now do as the Establishment wants you to do, and meekly fall in line behind their picked candidate, why would they stop doing this?

What is ridiculous is endorsing Hillary, and falling in line behind Hillary. That simply guarantees this sort of thing will continue to happen.

And Citizens United? Let's not forget we fear Citizens United precisely because we think it'll give us politicians like Hillary Clinton.
I thought Silverman's comment was ridiculous. If she had said she was going to hold her nose and vote for Hillary... OK; I'd do that, too, if I lived in a swing state. But to wholeheartedly and enthusiastically support Hillary now? Makes no sense to this Bernie supporter.
Way to unify the party, Sarah.
who gives a flying fuck what sarah silverman thinks? 
silverman is a dick. what a hoe bag. tar and feather her
I really can't shake the feeling that this is just all a big joke, the real agenda was to get the RNC to win this election.  There was probably money going between the two parties and they had agreed, the US would go Republican this year.  

Because this is how you get Trump to win.  They sucessfully divided the Democratic party.  
I like how celebrities think that they are brought into political discussions for any purpose other than marketing. 

They really think that they have a superior political insight and that their voice weighs more because of their popularity don't they?
I used to really like Silverman.  But since her lying about sexual discrimination she's been on this idealogical path of utter bullshit. 
Also ridiculous is the fact that she ever even had a comedy career. Seriously, it doesn't infuriate anyone here that she's been able to make a better living than most of us out of poor quality jokes?
It's also ridiculous to spend months telling supporters why Clinton isn't suitable to be president, then praise her for being a wonderful choice because she gave you some bullshit candy suggesting she will actually incorporate your (Sander's) ideas into a Clinton administration. Strange, I seem to remember Hillary saying and promising one thing to completely disregard later many times before.... You'd think someone who knew her for "25 years" and understood the extent of the corruption and fraud (and praising her for first lady...for what, her shit leading role on the Clinton healthcare?) wouldn't be pretending otherwise simply because you're promised a few things.

Take it all the way to the convention, nope. At least got 3rd party or join with Stein? Nope.

Yeah, really revolutionizing politics. Next time I'm sure the whole corruption, fraud and super delegate bullshit will be taken care of though, yeah, next time.

Maybe his family got threatened by Clinton camp. Wouldn't be the strangest thing tied to the Clinton dynasty.
I feel like hillary has more people sucking her dick than bill ever did.
Well, she didn't help Clinton at all with this lol
This is a great way for the Clinton campaign to get the support of all the Bernie Sanders supporters.
I think voting for a person that doesn't deserve your vote is ridiculous. Sarah's comment was not only unfair, but genuinely disgusting. People were voting FOR Bernie and his ideals not AGAINST Trump and his. Now it's become another case of scaring people into voting for their pick. I think it's ridiculous to vote out of fear, and I think it's absolutely ridiculous to vote for someone simply because they arent Trump.
I've said this from the start, if Hillary is the nominee, Trump is most likely our next president. Would Hillary be so selfish as to destroy the DNC and/or are country? who knows..
Even if I was thinking about going ahead and voting for Hillary out of fear of Trump (which is not a good enough reason), the endless amount of condescension and disrespect shovelled at us Bernie supporters by every person in the Hillary camp would be enough to make me refuse to vote for her on general principle.
Remember when she complained about not getting paid because she was a woman? Until we found out she wasnt scheduled to perform and the club owner didnt need to pay her at all
I think she just pissed off a lot of people. So arrogant and belittling, yet we're supposed to unify? Well, fuck that.
I really want a refund for my donations.
Hillary is corruption and Goldman sachs banks incarnate. No, Thank you.
Sarahs speech actually "hurt" me the most yesterday. I was a fan even before the Bernie thing had started. I was happy to see her fight on the right side. 
But then I saw her caving in an supporting hillary... wow. 

I guess the DNC invited all the Bernie celebs, but I suppose dawson, sarandon, robbins and the others were either too expensive or too smart. 

I believe Sarah probably thinks she is doing the right thing, I just would have thought she is smart enough to not support the real enemy here. 

I wonder how much she got paid? 
This makes the first time I've ever upvoted a S4P thread. Keep fighting this corrupt system!
Let's not forget calling the Latino Engagement "the Taco Bowl Engagement." 

DNC can fuck off. Hillary can fuck off. I know Trump sucks as a politician but even he isn't this racist.
It's absurd that we have a two party system and has been ramrodded down our throats since day 1.
She said that while suppressing tears and selling her soul to the DNC.
Unlike on Facebook.  
Do people really care what she thinks or says? I mean this election cycle has made her relevant because people keep going on about what she says.
Just saw the video of her saying how ridiculous the Bernie supporters are behaving. Just seeing her stand beside Al Franken made me think of two peas in a pod. 
I love Sarah's comedy and I unlocked her on FB. She's out of touch. 
Land of the ~~Free~~ Corrupt
Silverman is s burnout in the worst way. She made her career by getting high and telling jokes. Now she's just a joke. 
Sarah who?
Why does people even care. Hollywood scum will say anything for money. 
By her logic, if Irma Ida Ilse Grese ("the Beast of Belsen  (as in Bergen-Belsen)) were the only woman in the race, as a feminist, of course she would vote for her.
Michelle Obama played with emotions. We shouldn't eat that up but demand a focus on policy, not what a great mom she is. Bernie said Hillary will break up big banks which was surreal. Warren talked about a rigged system. Bill Clinton clapping about getting money out of elections. Very depressing. People, don't give up! Bernie pissed me the fuck off. I mean yeah endorse her if you want but don't lie to me about what kind of administration she had in mind. 
She really should have stopped talking after her official speech. The improv stuff was unnecessary and hurt the party
To be fair that was the only unscripted line of the night. That's how far the dnc is inept to the will of the people.
**Silverman says ["thank god they can fix this in post [production]"] (https://youtu.be/0SFxd-yTBT4?t=406) in regards to the Bernie chanting** -- disgusting!
Amen!!!!!
She should apologize to the delegates who are fighting for a fair democratic process.
That was just goofy CNN theatre / "news" entertainment. Just ignore it.
I'm on your side here, but in what way did we beat the system? The system is kicking our ass. 
It's sad that either trump will be elected, or congress will choose the next president. When the shit is running rampant in Washington, Hillary and the DNC will be to blame. 

Just imagine 4 years of Donald Trump and the possibility of Mike Pence becoming president. Or, someone like Ted cruzer becoming president by default.

Even if Hillary gets elected, the TPP will be passed and we will be fucked anyway.
The DNC just made me sad to watch.  I didn't even finish watching Bernie's speech because I was so upset.  Even after proof that Hillary was in on a conspiracy with the DNC, people like Sarah Silverman still just submit to it.  Newsflash, Sarah: nothing is going to change if people keep voting based on the party and not the candidate.
I listened to Sarah Silverman speak. She made a more compelling argument than any of the politicians involved in this mess. Then, with a single word, "ridiculous," she completely negated her own argument for HRC. Ridiculous? Ridiculous is expecting anyone to just ignore the fact that HRC is going to be the nominee because the DNC cheated. Ridiculous is the presumed candidate rewarding the responsible person, and expecting everyone to just be okay with it. And now, with the probability of nominating a candidate that just cannot win the general, the blame for the potential defeat is already because of the "Bernie" people, who either won't vote at all, or will vote for another candidate. Ridiculous? Yes, Sarah, you certainly were.

P.S. Yes, in the general, I will vote for the Democratic candidate, simply because I wouldn't help elect a Republican, EVER. And yes, HRC is qualified. Qualified does not automatically ensure said candidate has any integrity at all. Which she may have, but she sure does make a point of surrounding herself with people who don't.

Sarah Silverman can go fuck herself. 
Wtf was she even doing talking smh
Her attitude is ridiculous
I've been a Bernie supporter since the beginning. I can't stand Clinton. But y'all are being ridiculous. Seriously, You're making Trump supporters look like bastions of the enlightenment
I'm onboard the Bernie movement, but at the same time I recognize the importance for the democrats to move on and prepare to unify against Trump. Bernie has realized this, yet it seems his followers have not. 

This convention is the moment we establish a message to America for what the Democratic Party stands for. And considering the fact that the Democratic Party platform is basically a huge monument to Bernie Sanders, I have a lot to be happy about. Cant we move on? Bernie's movement doesn't die the moment you support Hillary Clinton. 
"Relax! I put some cream on it."

Ugh....
If not ignoring the emails from the DNC and corruption of the DNC is being ridiculous then so be it.
I've always thought Sarah's brand of comedy involved her pretending to act/sound mildly stupid... now I realize it's not an act. I wish I could say there should be a roast of Sarah Silverman but there's so little there for anyone to 'roast'.
This whole election cycle is another fail by the democrats. The first mistake was backing Hillary in the first place, the second was trying to shut down Sanders in multiple ways. Now after the previous debacles they're doubling down on their errors in judgement by insulting and trying to silence Bernie supporters rather than trying to win them over. You don't win over people by negative reinforcement and trying intellectually hold them hostage by waving Trump over their heads. You would think they would at least *try* to appear progressive. But no, they back the dumbest VP choice ever next to Sarah Palin and show no actual signs of trying to win over the left.

It's like they forgot about history. In 08 Obama was able to win most of the swing states because he was able to attract large numbers of young voters and people who don't normally vote. Hillary has the opposite affect that Obama has. People who don't normally vote aren't interested in her at all and young voters who were drawn to Bernie are disrespected by her. We're gonna look back at this era as how to lose an election that was gift wrapped to them. America is fucked.
I couldn't give less of a shit what Sarah Silverman thinks. I don't find her to be a talented comedian and her opinion is meaningless to me.
Just vote for trump. After working so hard, he goes against everything that he stood for, which is hilary. Vote for Trump.
Honestly at this point Bernie is being the biggest sellout in history. He literally joins forces with the very evil he was so against. Love Bernie all you want but that's something you can't deny.
Who cares. She's an idiot.
SS is trying to stay relevant. Not now, Sarah.  Go away 
The lesser of two evils is literally the lesser of two evils.
http://imgur.com/pbYWzLx
Oh hey, Sarah Silverman being an idiot. What a surprise. I'm so shocked.
Thank god I wasn't the only one who was pissed at her saying that.

I'm so glad all she got from that was Bernie chants!

But for the CNN commentators to say later on that "Oh, well Bernie diehards only have a few pockets of people here and there, you really can't even hear them at home."

I lost it. What a blatant downplay! When Bernie hit the stage, the ovation was so loud that the man couldn't speak for a solid 2 minutes.

He spoke with such passion and enthusiasm, but we all know HRC isn't going to do half of what Bernie says. The people crying in the crowd... I think they knew that too.
The condescension towards Bernie supporters will turn into condescension to independent trump supporters in the form of "how could you EVER vote for him" and it will lose Hillary the election 
IDK why Sarah Silverman thinks anyone should care about her opinion.
No. What's ridiculous is saying "I TRUST BERNIE!"

Then when Bernie says, "DRUMPF IS DANGEROUS AND HILLARY IS THE RIGHT PERSON FOR THE JOB!" You all say "I DON'T BELIEVE YOU!"

I love the passion. But the choice here is between a fascist and someone who has served her country well for most of her adult life.  

EDIT: I'm not surprisingly going to be downvoted here but I want to say one more thing. I think a lot of you are upset because you think Bernie lost and I get that. But he really didn't lose. Not just because he won more delegates than anyone thought he would, but because his revolution won. A lot of his ideas made it into the platform. He has forced Hillary to move with the Party. Bernie won, but to make sure his win doesn't go in vain you all need to make sure Drumpf doesn't get elected and you do that by voting for the person who will work to fight Bernie's fight as well as she can. 
I'm probably going to get downvoted to oblivion, but, she isn't wrong. It is ridiculous. Would you rather have someone that opposes everything Bernie has stood for, or take someone, who, yes is a criminal, but is going to adopt a lot of Bernie's ideals for her platform?

I hate Hillary Clinton and the DNC for what they have done, but would you rather have Bernie's ideals put into place within the next four years or in another twenty years when its too late?

This isn't about supporting Hillary at all, but it's about defeating Trump. And if you would rather have Trump as president, not because of but what Trump could do, but because Hillary is the nominee, despite adopting a lot of Bernie's ideas, then yes, I will color you ridiculous
I think there are some feminists that are OK with doing whatever needs to be done to make sure we have a female president. And if that means stealing elections and complete corruption to obtain that, they're OK with that.
People like Silverman don't support candidates out of principle. They do it to be cool, edgy, and because they think it will play well with their fans.

And then as soon as the prevailing wind shifts, they move on to the next person or cause.
I wonder how many people here are, as wikileaks pointed out, paid by Hillary Clinton and the DNC to promote her?
The Echo Chamber in this sub has hit The Donald proportions. Gone are the enthusiastic comments, the positivity.  Now it's just hate where there was love.

I have supported Bernie Sanders for decades, and I will continue to do so, but he isn't going to be president.  

A neo-fascist cannot hold the office of President of the United States.  Donald Trump cannot win, even if it means plugging your nose, and pulling the lever for the Clinton Political Machine.

If you live in a swing state, and you vote 3rd party, or Trump for protest, and that mad man wins, I will blame you, and all like you, for the mess we will be in.

I am willing to bet a number of you weren't old enough to vote sixteen years ago, and there were a ton of Protest votes for Nader, mine was one of them.  I was in a solid Red state, so it really didn't matter, and if that's your case, if you are in a safe state, vote your conscious.  But if you are in a Battleground state, then DO YOUR FUCKING JOB, AND VOTE IN THE WAR.  
Yes you have a right to be mad, hell im mad too, but we are being ridiculous. We lost the presidency for now, that is not going to change. Shit happens. Life is unfair. There are still people with Bernies views that can make a difference, and they are still in the race. Go out and vote for them. Dont sit out because both candidates are turds, they're still people that can and will make a difference that you can vote for, and you know what is even better those candidates can check Hillarys powers. You know why? Because presidency is only 1/3rd of the power. Better Hillary with a progressive senate than trump with a conservative government. We aren't gonna make changes like night and day life does NOT work like that. It happens gradually. Channel the rage into something that can make a difference and one day government will be set up exactly as you want it.
#PLEASE HELP!!!! DNC CHANGED THE ROLL CALL TO EARLY IN THE MORNING AND DIDNT TELL ANY SANDERS DELEGATES SO THEY MISS THEIR CHANCE TO VOTE!!! WE MUST GET THE WORD OUT! DNC DID THE EXACT SAME THING IN NEVADA! PLEASE HELP! 
After this election cycle, i have lost respect for Elizabeth Warren. 

appreciate everything she has done - but she showed that she is NOTHING BUT A SCHEMING POLITICIAN. 
She has a point though. Although that [quip](http://www.carbonated.tv/news/sarah-silverman-says-bernie-or-bust-supporters-ridiculous-dnc-video) was in incredibly poor taste, now that Clinton has become the Democratic nominee and even Sanders vows to support her, people have to face facts. Its either her or Donald Trump. Which one would Democrats pick?
I love me some Bernie and I felt that this was insane that they completely trashed on his campaign but think about it, nothing is going to change from protesting and we don't want Trump as president.  Support Hillary or bust, I hate both candidates but Trump is by far worse than Hillary.
You people are ridiculous. I get you feel wronged, we all do, we got shafted by Hillary and the DNC in a rigged primary. However that's behind us now and there's nothing we can do to get Bernie to the promised land. Bitching, complaining, and protesting only helps Trump at this point and if you believe in an iota of what Bernie stands for then you would listen to him and do all that is necessary to make sure he is not elected. So swallow your pride like adults and realize you're only hurting the cause and the ideals Bernie championed by not voting Hillary. #IAmBegrudginglyWithHillary
I must apologize to Bernie Sanders.  I used to think he was an asshole.  The past two weeks have shown me that it's actually his *supporters* who are assholes.  The man himself is reasonable, sane, and likable.  It's too bad the same can't be said for the people in this forum.
But you didn't beat the rigged system. Bernie lost you know...
People need to risk getting thrown out. Stop cowering
I'm voting for Hillary. I voted for Bernie in the primary. Yes, it's ridiculous to allow DT to become president.
I mean...she's right.
She's not funny. 
She was acting in poor taste?  What about the loud mouthed thugs trying to intimidate her, interrupt her, and shout her down while she was trying to speak?  
Yo Sanders! Go Sanders! Be the change... Let the sunshine stream through the clouds. Be the light piercing the darkness... Hope will ring eternal...
Baba Booey
While I completely disagree with Bernie (and politicians in general), this is pretty much what happened to Ron Paul during his presidential campaign.

It's very unfortunate that Bernie would turn around and support the same crooked politics that he claimed to be fighting.  I'm sorry for your loss.  

Google Voluntaryism.
She's obviously looking for the spotlight. Susan Sarandon still has integrity!
She's a shitty comedian.  Who gives a fuck what she says?  I've never understood celebrity political endorsements.  What makes your opinion more important than anyone else's?  Nothing.
The idea that "Oh this candidate that I believe in isnt going to win? better settle"" is one of the major failings in our democracy IMO. 
You guys are voting for hillary anyway so they may as well insult you repeatedly.
Why would anyone listen to her anyways? I love her comedy but you can't speak at a political convention just on the merits of Judaism.
We will never forgive you DNC 
"You are being ridiculous" says the multimillionaire comedian. 
As much as I supported sanders, she is right.  

If you are safely blue, vote 3rd party (not Stein).  If your vote actually matters, a vote not for Hillary is a vote for Trump.  Vote your conscious.  
I stand with Sara

**Edit'**I'm leaving the spelling
Nothing anybody says will make me vote for Hillary. I will do what I can to persuade anybody I meet to not vote for Hilary. Silverman can go fuck her horse face.
Uneducated fools in here.
Sarah Silverman can fuck off.  Let her make $7/hr and struggle to feed herself, and then see if she still calls them ridiculous.  
How's your sense of OUTRAGE?  HER behavior is what is RIDICULOUS.

Get a fucking clue, Silverman.  This isn't an awards ceremony.  It's LIVE, and you don't "fix it in post".  

We HEARD you.  Loud and CLEAR.
If you don't want to be called out for being ridiculous, don't interrupt people who are speaking 
Stop. It sucks, but we have to beat Trump. Bernie himself asked us to do so. This is not the end of Bernie's movement, however --  it is only the beginning. Patience my friends.
No shit.
She sucks, her show sucked, that's why she's not on TV. The Bernie thing was just another way for her to remain relevant.
I didn't even know Sarah Silverman was even relevant anymore, why do people care about her or her opinion again? 
Sanders steps up to mike, the crowd is going nuts, he is trying to get everybody to calm down, finally the crowd settles down, Bernie takes the mike off the stand, looks down, catches his breath, he looks up and says, "I'm running for President"

Lights go out, flares are going off all around the stage, Kid Rock's "American Badass" is playing.
Everyone in this subreddit has gone bonkers
I feel like I'm allergic to shellfish but the waitstaff at the restaurant just keeps insisting I try their shrimp special... 

anti-corruption + anti-corporatism are the two mainstays of Bernie's campaign and the primary reason many of us support him... now we're supposed to abandon our integrity because they rigged the election for a weak candidate that represents everything we've been fighting against...

Yeah go fuck yourself Silverman.
I'm simply amazed at the people on reddit who admit Clinton is a criminal and then proceed to say they will vote for her anyway. Jesus fucking christ.
[removed]
This will either be drowned in the already thousand comments, or it'll be downvoted, but I really need to say it: You are being ridiculous. I think Bernie was the best candidate on the democratic side. I'm sad that he didn't get the nomination, and I'm sure it's a bitter pill to swallow that your choices are now either Donald Trump or the person who you learned to really dislike from supporting Sanders. But the fact is he's out of the race. You have essentially two people to vote for (because really, the green and libertarian parties aren't really options) and Bernie Sanders is not one of them.

You have to look at what the two offer, and which one you'd rather have, that's the realistic nature of what's left. Do you want Donald Trump to be your president? Do you want Hillary Clinton? What do either of the two offer to your country, what promises have they made? 

I'm not in your country, I just get a lot of your election from r/all. One of the things thrown around from the democratic primaries was how wishwashy Clinton was especially trying to win over some of the Sanders supporters. But if you've followed Trump at all, he's stayed at such a safe margin of not promising a thing. He's shown disdain toward mexicans and wants to build a wall around the Mexican-American border. He has said he wants to either deport or register all Muslims, and the registering all Muslims is on a tangent to the registering of all Jews in the 1930s-40s Nazi empire. He's said nothing else. He's created clever names for everyone, he's made a joke of the whole Republican election. The madman is leading polls because the republican side has largely accepted him. Are you going to get the things Bernie was promising from him? Have you seen or heard of where his running mate, Mike Pence, has laid his values? You're more likely to get what Bernie was offering through Clinton/Kaine than you are Trump.

But it's your vote. Just be smart about it. It's a real shame that Bernie Sanders can't be president, because I really feel like he'd be incredible for not just your country and your economy and the foreign relations elsewhere in the world, but for my country and a lot of other countries as well. Find who is offering what he is, and vote for them.
[deleted]
As someone who isnt watching the stream, what did she exactly say?
[removed]
I missed her speech. Is there a transcript/video?
But what does Ja Rule think? 
[removed]
Wait we managed to beat that rigged system? 

Because uh...doesn't seem a lot of people agree with that. 
In a galaxy far far away...

**The Green Party and Libertarian party joins together to form a [political coalition](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coalition)**, setting up one of the most ideal situations in which we can break the [two-party system](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7tWHJfhiyo). Some of the major factors making this potentially feasible include:

* The combination of two small groups to form a bigger group gives the new coalition a larger chance of winning (click two-party system link)
* The [increasing interest of third party candidates](http://www.marketwatch.com/story/google-searches-for-third-party-presidential-candidates-are-up-over-1000-2016-07-22) by the dissatisfied voters from both the left and the right
* The increasing disatisfaction/population of Americans towards their [respective](http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/other/clinton_favorableunfavorable-1131.html) [candidates](http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/other/trump_favorableunfavorable-5493.html).
* Realizing the possibility that having an economically conservative, liberally social, and fact-driven platform is a good compromise for both sides of the political spectrum. (My speculation but it seems Libertarians want tax breaks for everyone and the Greens want to save the planet so my thought was [Porque no los dos?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OawrlVoQqSs))
W
[removed]
Maybe she did it to rule everyone up. 
Who beat the rigged system? 
Sort by top.
What happened?
Did you not see her sarcasm.... ?
YES PREACH 
and why the fuck was frankin banging on the podium like he was in to that comment?
I thought it was because the chanting was interrupting things,  not what the chanting stood for. 
[removed]
[removed]
https://archive.is/rP8qh
I get it - the election was rigged. In a fairer fight there's a fantastic chance that Bernie would have won. BUT as things stand, the DNC is going with the choice they made. (yes, fuck that but let me get to my point)

As an outsider looking in (from the UK) it sickens me that you weren't given your proper choice. But, and I'm honestly not trying to start a riot, I don't understand people who say they'll now vote Trump. I get if you want to vote a third party (though that doesn't seem the wisest option either) but why vote for the party that definitely won't stand for anything that Bernie stands for?

Hillary is a mess. But she'll at least not try to build a fucking wall with Mexico while putting Muslims on a register. I don't see how, as left-wing progressives, people can vote for a far-right candidate, regardless of the shittiness of the the Dem Nominee.

Can someone - kindly please - lay out reasons why a president Trump would be better than a President Clinton? I honestly just want insight - I'm not here to get into a flame war.
Here here.
What did Sarah say?
she had tears in her eyes like she's supporting some sports team.
Who cares about Sarah Silverman?

She was never even funny. Ugh. Why do people like her? I seriously don't understand.
That became increasingly cringy and really hard to watch.
Oh Sarah. You are so irrelevant... Who is she fucking at the DNC to get the chance to speak?
The only time I've seen her in a movie and liked it was the opening scene of "Way of the Gun"

I can watch that scene over and over again.
Can anyone tell me what the delegations were chanting last night? I heard "we trusted you" at Warren but couldn't make out any of the other dissenting chants. 
Silverman? Joke in poor taste? Why i never...
Come on over to r/socialism, the water's fine. This was almost inevatible (especially given the content of these leaks) but it isn't necessarily a bad thing. Hopefully this will be the split of the Democratic party and we can get an actual left wing party into the discourse, which we desperately need as the Republicans are quickly becoming the American fascist party. 
Omg
This ain't School of Rock. 
I think she is funny and sexy but fuck her. Why would I wan't to reward a cheater? 
What to do?? I don't want to vote for Hillary, but if we don't Trump will be president. Ugh!!!
Sarah "i will make fun of christians because they wont kill me like muslims would if i did the same to them" silverman
Didn't she put out a bunch of pro sanders stuff before?
So this may be picking on semantics, but I don't think half of the electorate is accurate.  Around 45% of the primary and caucus voters based on turnout yes, however, there is still a significant chunk of the democratic electorate that did not vote, for whatever reason.
who gives a shit what she thinks?
The whole fucking this was insulting. Like some limosine liberals would be able to tell the Sanders supporters what's actually good for them.

You know the most insulting part? The DNC picked two *Jewish comedians*. If I were going to belittle and make fun of a Jewish politician, that's exactly who I would send out there.
I definitely find these comments distasteful/demeaning/insulting when they do overlook the corruption of the DNC, but I have to trust Bernie in his wisdom (and trustworthiness) here.  The DNC was and probably still is just as aweful as before, but we have more chance to change (and fight) it (and Bernie's revolution has been successful on some level at doing it) from within than if the Republicans gain power (no chance of change there).  But yes, comments like these are insulting and the Clintons make it very difficult to be motivated to vote for them in fall.

[removed]
Source Video (HD): https://youtu.be/_ePB39acAtA?t=5h14m1s
I think *she* is ridiculously uninformed...sorry we actually know what's going on!
This was pathetic. So hard to watch.
It's ridiculous to not choose Sanders, who polls so much higher against Trump, if beating Trump is truly the goal.
Are you serious? This is all for political gain. Not for anything else. You are overthinking. 
to be fair, you can see the pain on her face when she endorses clinton.
I'm an independent.  I don't know what direction I'll fall.  But it is not going to be in favor of Clinton.  I do admire the whole Sanders movement.  It must be very painful to be an intimate part of it and to have to concede to the powers that you were opposed to.  Hopefully something positive comes from the past year...I wish Sanders somehow could have stuck to his guns.  But I think he was in a no win situation.
Silverman isn't the only Sanders' endorsee that is spouting this message. They're all just doing what they feel is best - HRC won the primaries, regardless of how she won (sadly, that's how American politics works). They all feel that she will be better than Trump; they're probably right, but that doesn't mean you have to act against your values just because they ask you to do so.
[removed]
I was looking at some history stuff and does anyone here know what a Kapo is? This is probably the wrong place to ask this since we are talking about a comedienne working for someone, not sure who that someone is though. 
A lot of people are upset about what she did but honestly, it was a brilliant stoke. The crowd has been beaten down and silenced and she saw this. Did what she could to rally and you could feel the establishment scrambling to find ways to squash things again. 
Her comment was great! And its true. You people are being ridiculous. 
The list of people and organizations that are forever on my shit list grows longer and longer.
Planned Parenthood, Betty Friedan, Gloria Steinem, Elizabeth Warren, Sarah Silverman.
Am I missing anyone?
That speech was painful to watch. Bernie said: "Thanks for the donations and  voting for me, but I'm out!"

He talked about stopping Wall St. but dove head first into supporting the Wall St. candidate. How does that make any sense? Clinton has lied and cheated to get what she wants all of her life, and now Bernie is saying "trust her this time, she double promised she wouldn't stab you in the back".

Unreal.
SS is empty, but correction: Bernie's electorate did not manage to beat the rigged system, Hillary Rodham Clinton (aka Saudi Arabia Money) will be the nominee of the Democratic Party of the USA. She won. As terrible as it is. But the rigged system won. Again.
Okay, I am one hundred percent serious here. *How was the election rigged*, and can you prove that it was beyond a reasonable doubt? Please be specific.
Can someone please explain how the emails show the election was rigged? We always knew the DNC establishment was biased towards Hillary. That's always the case when an insurgent candidate takes on an establishment one. 

But nothing I saw in any of those emails had any actual impact on the election at all. And certainly don't invalidate the results for most people (including Bernie).

Hillary won the primary. There are lots of valuable lessons we can learn about why if we're honest and don't scream "DNC conspiracy!" to explain why we came up just short.

A vote for Clinton is a vote for oligarchy. A vote for Trump is a vote for democracy. You might not agree with the man, but at least he is being chosen by the people.
This is a huge blunder
"still managed to beat the very same rigged system" 

except that Bernie lost
Ok, we get it. You guys are all pissed and Clinton is corrupt and they were all working against Bernie. BUT, there's still Trump that has to be beat. Put aside all this bullshit about Clinton (I don't like her either), BUT I fear a world with Trump in charge. 

Enough with the fighting and "Clinton rigged the blah blah blah and she's insulting us blah blah blah". Do you _really_ want Trump as President? Because this is how you get Trump as President. 
Sarah Silverman is the living embodiment of bad taste.
Just shows how little these people think of Bernie Supporters.
Shame on you Sarah...
I'm a Bernie supporter. But, I understand Silverman's frustration. It reaches a point where it doesn't look like your standing for what you believe in, but looks like a petulant child stamping their foot. 

Yes, there has been some fuckery afoot. Look at ANY past primary election. There's ALWAYS fuckery! There is always accusations of a rigged system. The bottom line though is we don't know how much said fuckery contributed to Bernie's loss. 

Bernie understands that we have to stress our priorities, and that we are also capable of doing more than one thing at a time. This younger generation is in a wonderful and unique position. You're going to be coming into your prime at a time when there's much less resistance to your ideas, a lot less racism, and a lot more open minds. Use that advantage.

Bernie understand that TRUMP is our first priority. If Trump is elected, everything that you liked about Bernie and his positions will be set back - way back. Not just 4 years, but a LOT longer because Trump will do significant damage to our country that will take time to repair and overcome. Some of that damage frankly, may be irreparable. 

You don't want ot give up on this election and the fuckery that has taken place? Good! No one is asking you to. Remember what has happened and FIGHT for changes to our election process. FIGHT for transparency. FIGHT for for fairness and Justice. Change very rarely happens in one fell swoop. Frustratingly, it takes time, and it usually happens from the bottom up in these cases. 

Move on. Stop Trump. Then support Bernie and our democracy by fighting using that democracy to make changes that benefit us all. 
We're more than half the electorate. That's why this is so appalling. 
What did she exactly say? 

Wasn't she a strong Bernie supporter or was it just a play? 
What did she say, anyway, that has you so upset, OP?
Brought to you by r/The Donald
Bernie convinced me in his speech. Sarah is just a comedian. 
You are being ridiculous 
This thread is a lot of people who have been led to believe that a Political Revolution, bloodless as it is today, is like flicking a light switch on, or off. Righting (lefting?) a ship the size of the United States has to be incremental and take time. Bernie did what no other nominee has done; he ran a *very* progressive ticket and made it pretty darn far. I respected that, and I did vote for him in the Primary, and did so hoping it would pull the reins toward that end. But I am able to at least acknowledge that such a hard shift is impossible. The US didnt turn into the state it is today overnight and it wont be fixed overnight. 

Booing Elizabeth Warren is disgusting coming from anyone who supports the notions that Bernie espoused. She has fought harder and done more for Progressives than most any other Senator. As I am pretty mad over it, to be more vulgar, you would have lost your fucking minds if she was picked as VP, enthusiastically giving your vote over. Booing her doesnt make you look bad, it makes us look bad. 

I implore anyone who is still offended by to realize this: Bernie got in his words, and got a seat at the table through us, and our support. He has relayed several platform issues to the Clinton campaign and is trying to move them in a direction that We all agree with. Booing Booker, Elizabeth Warren, and EVEN Bernie himself is not the steps we need to make. 

Moving this country is not a light switch. It takes effort (which we have) and it takes patience. We are going to get there, but to give up on them now would be unrealistic, and I hope that you dont give up on Bernie and our cause. 
[deleted]
I agree with Silverman, though. I respect Bernie. I think he would have made a good president. But I also think Trump would destroy this country, and walk back the progress we've made over the past few decades. Hillary, despite all the shit surrounding her, is incredibly experienced and a far better candidate than Trump. It is unthinkable that such a man could ever, ever be President. What the DNC did is disgusting. Campaign reform needs to be an issue we care about even after elections, though. That's the only way change will occur.

This election cycle has been just a dumpster full of crazy. Bernie hit the nail on the head when he said that at least his campaign has started a political revolution. Changing systems from the outside, peaceably, takes time. This was never going to be a case of Bernie getting into office and being able to solve all the problems. As we've seen with Obama, a POTUS' powers can be very limited, depending on congress and the senate. The nation is extremely polarized right now. The political landscape is changing rapidly. 

Another thing I consider is the aftermath of Bush v. Gore. I just cannot stomach the idea of a repeat situation where a third party takes just enough votes to swing the balance in the opposing candidate's favor. Part of that is because I watched Bush pat Michael Brown, the head of FEMA and former president of the Arabian Racehorse Association, on the back after hurricane Katrina. If y'all think you know incompetent governing from reading headlines, let me tell you, it can be far worse than you can imagine. It can be dying people, martial law, FEMA trailers given to survivors and later found to be full of carcinogens and formaldehyde... The incompetence of an incompetent president goes far, far beyond their immediate sphere of power. 
Very much a Gary guy but holy shit what was her plan? That was offensive 
With this much tom foolery in the system they should have another vote for the democratic candidate on a nation wide level. Unfortunately that's not going to happen and Hillary is going to come out of this relatively unscathed again.  
It's ridiculous to continue on. Bernie is begging you not to.

But the fake Bernie supporters--Hillary haters masked as Bernie supporters all along--will continue.

Please, continue.
...who beat that rigged system?
To be fair, she is literally paid to be ridiculous.
#rolecall 
Lol the tears
Who gives a fuck what Sarah Silverman thinks at a time like this? This is ridiculous. I dont want to laugh. Im scared to death. I want some answers that Sarah Silverman might not have right now!
I've never been a fan of her act. She acts like a tool.
This. Is. Not. About. Bernie.
 
/r/PoliticalRevolution yall
Sarah Silverman and Al Franken suck out loud , in public. Others can lay down and take a political pee-pee up their 2 shoot.. we will not. 
Holy super cringe at the whole stage.
Just as a different perspective. While I believe Hilary is the queen of snakes... My concern isn't her (at this point) anymore. I'm worried about the platform and validation that those who support Trump will have if they win, or even lose my close margin due to the separation of Bernie/Hilary supporters/third party write ins/opting out

I'm assuming she's going to rig the election in her favor regardless, but it's important to consider how much she wins by. If trump loses by a landslide, this adds little fuel to this disgusting fear based mindset that is driving separation, anger, and ignorance. What if trump loses by receiving nearly half the vote?

That's giving that side of pure insanity a *voice*, a platform, a clear percentage of those who believe that way of thinking is large enough to be actively considered. It physically pains me to vote for Hilary, honestly. But it seriously scares the shit out of me to have someone who bases their morality in hate, to have confirmation that they have a place here, and it welcomes them. I trusted the ideals of Bernie before, and I'll trust them now.  
Sanders thinks you're ridiculous too.
Fuck the system. Even if that piece of shit Trump wins, the fucking oligarchy is going down, one way or another.

FIRE
But...you didn't beat it. 
Fuck Sarah Silverman and the rest of the corrupt fucks.
You know I just wish Ron Paul supporters, Bernie Sanders supporters and Donald Trump supporters would realize just how much they have in common.

They are all sick and tired of the American royalty. The establishment candidates.

If they would unite behind a common cause - **a fair and balanced electoral system** shit could change dramatically. 

The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
Sarah, get a life.  Everyone supporting Bernie is OWED an explanation and NO ONE is giving it to them.  They deserve an apology, a serious one.

Also, for the record, I have tried posting several articles that are negative towards the DNC or Hilary, and REDDIT has removed every single one with false reasoning.
I am a staunch Bernie supporter and **BernieOrBusters ARE being ridiculous.**  Bernie sent an email before the speech about not booing and carrying on, and it was just bad.  Sarah Silverman was right.  You are going to get Donald elected president and that, in my opinion, will be the worst thing that can be done here.  No progressive agenda platform will ever get through in this country if that happens.  I am trying to be realistic here and am not a huge fan of Hillary, but like Bernie said, the Democrats have shifted and he was instrumental in that shift.  Yes, we may have lost ground on the Bernie movement, but we will lose EVERYTHING if Trump is elected.  Bernie still has his senate seat and will continue and will probably do more as a senator than president to move the progressive agenda.   The way BernieOrBusters are acting is textbook cutting off your nose to spite your face. Years from now, when people look back on this time period, they will see the Democrats and Progressives as the ones that got a bigot elected.  I don't want to be apart of that.  
You are being ridiculous and a lot of the Bernie fans on here are having a hard time showing proper restraint over their egos. The project of the left is not about you, its not about your personal sense of fair-play or whatever harmless injustice you think you've been subjected to here.

Sarah god damn Silverman? The unfunny bullshit comedian who had maybe 2 years of relevance? Oh dear lord I don't know what to do with myself if she doesn't like me.
Sarah Silveman said nothing wrong.
Sarah Silverman was annoyed by other people. 

Well...now you know how we feel when your shitty career as a comedian refuses to die.
We don't really know how many are truly against voting for Clinton no matter what. It can very well be half of the people who voted for him. That's at least six million votes up in the air that could go 3rd party or even Trump. She made a Clinton blunder here which will more than likely fuck her over really bad down the road.
If the candidate was anyone else but Trump, the democrats with all that has happened would've already been declared losers right now.....Its almost the perfect storm that they the republicans happened to get the worst candidate in history against a candidate that everyone universally thinks is corrupt and dishonest. Damn them for making the american people choose between an Idiot and a crook.
I live Sarah Silverman, but on this topic I politely disagree :)
Bernie is scared of a Trump presidency, I get that. But did he not see the recent polls showing Trump is either statistically tied or beating Hillary? Did he forget that polls showed he would beat Trump head to head by a larger margin than Hillary would? Does he not understand that had the DNC not favored Hillary and worked to undermine his campaign that he would be the nominee? It was rigged and he still got 45% of the votes.

Does he not understand that Hillary is a weak candidate? If he's really afraid of a Trump presidency, he should've continued fighting to be the nominee.

A lot of Bernie supporters are disgusted by Hillary and the DNC and will not support her. If Hillary were to step down, I highly doubt a large percentage of Hillary supporters will go vote for Trump. All Hillary has to do is tell her sheep to vote for Bernie and they will. 

In other words, if the democrats and Bernie really wants to stop Trump, Bernie need to be the one to get nominated. But since that's not happening, good luck beating Trump. Hillary, the DNC, and now Bernie just helped Trump get one step closer to becoming the next POTUS. It's not too late to fix this but after tomorrow, it probably will be.
Sarah Sold out, man
You guys are being ridiculous
She's right. It's getting to look more and more like a tantrum by Bernie or Busters. What is your actual plan? Vote for Jill Stein? Have you learned nothing from Brexit or the 2000 election?

These elections matter. If you honestly think there's NO difference between a Trump and Clinton presidency than do whatever you want. Maybe get your head checked out. Don't end up being one of those Brexit voters who wishes they can have a redo when we're stuck with Trump and his 2-3 Supreme Court appointments.

Bernie fought to get pretty close to the platform he wanted. $15 minimum wage, free college tuition, amendment to overturn Citizens United, and now breaking up the big banks, a new Glass-Steagall, and opposing the TPP. Maybe Hillary won't do all that but it's close AND IT'S THE BEST YOU'RE GOING TO GET. So stop being butt-hurt and wake up. 80-90% of what we said we wanted is better than 0% you will get by not voting.
/r/StillSandersForPres
That whole "speech" deserves to be in r/cringe
The chanters came across as ridiculous. More -- they are missing the opportunity to coalition build which is traditionally what happens at these conventions. While you're yelling at the stage did you ever think of shaking the hand of someone you might need to make change? Very reckless.
I don't think it was that big of a deal. Be rational, we lost. We need to unite against Donald Trump instead of protesting at our convention. It's of utmost importance that Trump does not win

e: If you are a true Bernie supporter you would do whatever it takes to not let Trump win.
She's a shitty comedian and apparently an idiot too.
I predict her career will take a significant hit due to that comment!
OK.... It was rigged, we got fucked.... But now we are left with two choices.... Some of the same of what we got with Barack OR DONALD FUCKING TRUMP.... If you dont vote for clinton than you are being ridiculous... If there was a way a third party could win with out completly paving the way for Donald I would be all for it, but theres not. So if you are not with Hilary you are ridiculous, im sorry

You guys really need to get behind Trump if you want to see any change whatsoever. Hillary is corrupt and Bernie sold out. I'm sorry but the truth hurts. She either promised him money or a cabinet position 
What did she say and what happened? I missed it.
She is still a cutie, I forgive her. Probably high. 
I really dislike Sarah Silverman. Not as much as Clinton, but she is up there.
Who the fuck cares what Sarah Silverman thinks?
I wonder what would happen if people just admit Bernie lost the popular vote. Seriously people.
Way more than half. Even if you don't like him, Trump managed to beat a rigged system on the other side of the aisle. Only real difference is the Republicans were pretty much forthcoming about stopping him, the Dems were shady AF.
To be fair they were being ridiculous. They were talking and everyone was chanting over them.
The actually ridiculous thing was the berniebots fervently *believing* that they could snatch victory from the demented and professionally Evil cabal that was controlling the DNC. It was hopeless from the start and you let yourselves be blinded by your idealism. The whole thing would have been adorable, but for how pathetic it was. 

Well, you wasted a huge pile of money, and expended huge amounts of effort because you fucked-up and let yourselves believe in something. Learn from your mistakes, and in the event that HRC does win, do not for a moment expect that she will follow through on her "promises." She's Wall Street's lapdog, she's not going to go against her masters. Maybe in a less apathetic world you might have had a chance, but America is populated by morons and slackers, there is no hope in this land.
Beat the rigged system? Yeah sure in opposite land.
pretty sure that big fat check she's getting from Clinton is the reason why people are 'ridiculous'
Yes you are being ridiculous. 
I hate Sarah Silverman and her racist comedy. 
Like I give a fuck what Silverman has to say. Stick to dick jokes and poorly delivered toilet humor. 
I've decided to vote for trump.
[deleted]
Major misstep.  Just blowing off BernieOrBusters is terrible political strategy and quite disrespectful.  I have to believe someone put her up to it.

That said, Sarah was a great surrogate over the long haul - so she gets a partial pass from me.
She is a crude woman with low manners. I was not surprised. 
Say what you want about Hillary, but after I watched the RNC, I'm doing whatever I can to get her into office. And I was as pro-Bernie as anyone could get during the primaries.
As a Bernie voter, enjoy this sub for the next couple hours,  because after the roll call this sub will be as good as dead. I hope you guys actually take Bernie's words to heart in the coming days and months as well.
You *are* being ridiculous. You're going to vote for a neo-fascist Mussolini and risk the entirety of America over this, even though Hillary and Bernie both see eye to eye on the *vast* majority of issues.

Why don't campaign for Snaders to be senate majority leader? Why don't take your frustration and put it into something positive instead of being petulant children and voting for a goddamn Nazi. 

Accelerationism *does not work* and will only serve is oppressing us all even more. 
I think she was kinda mad that she couldn't talk, not that they were chatting Bernie. Who in here really expects a speaker this week just to go "OK SCREW IT" and join in the chatting? I did find it funny when she was posing for the camera. She still supports him but he is not a option at the moment. 
You're not being ridiculous, but you are empowering Trump.
Sarah Silverman think it was fine to lie about getting pay less than a man. Fake stories under discredit people with legitimate struggles. 
I voted for Sanders, and you people are ridiculous.  Bernie became a Democrat in November.  And you are flopping on to your fainting couch because the DNC was against him?  Of course the DNC was against him.  These are lifelong Democrats.  Why is that shocking?  Bernie lost it in Florida, Illinois, New York and California by not getting enough votes.  Not in the DNC emails, or because the party establishment favored Clinton.
Random internet guy here. Bernie supporter. He lost. Stop acting like pussys.

[deleted]
What's ridiculous is the DNC, willing to risk a Trump presidency to avoid re-instating Glass-Steagall and to defend TPP.
Turning around to support Hilary is the same as voting for a different party (that's how different Hilary is to Bernie). At least we are sticking with are morals.
Why would the DNC rig it to such a high level of 45%..?
Why the fuck should we care what celebrities think? I saw a Baldwin on a CNN panel a bit ago and just turned it off in disgust. 

Edit: What sucks about beimg a Baldwin? Nothing!
It may be an off the cuff remark, but it felt like she wanted to say that for a long time. Well, she can kiss my ridiculous bottom.
The choice will always be between a giant douche and a turd sandwich.  To pretend that one day the choice will be any different is to live in a fantasy.


Her performance was spot on until that remark
Why does anyone give a shit what any of these d list celebrities have to say?! I'm talking on both sides of the isle. 
Everybody is wrong and stupid outside of this steadily shrinking whirlpool of hate. You've even kicked out Bernie now. I'll be unsubscribing too.  
Fugly Silverman
*More than half 
ftfy
Yes, but it's been rigged for a really long time. Don't set your hair on fire over it
I think maybe at the very beginning she might have completly brushed it off but most of the campaign she has said she made a mistake but did nothing illegal. 
Holy shit...she killed /s4p.  Didn't see that coming.
In a first past the post system it makes sense. 

If we had a parliamentary system, then yes you would be correct.
People need to learn the meaning of hypocrisy.  
What I always liked about her was that she would stand up for what she believed in.

She's proven me wrong.   Oh, and that was the only thing I liked about her.  
Why do we care what type of comedy you like? How does that add to anything?
Would you stop with negative, bitter and hateful speech? We need a constructive dialog, not more division.
[deleted]
I agree the remark was extremely poor taste but could you please post your source showing the election was rigged?
I get it.  I love Bernie and his message.  He was the only senator I would actually take the time to listen to when I heard him speak.  That being said, with all of the bullshit right now, Sarah is right.  I expected the machine to be in the corner of Hillary.  I was hoping that Bernie could pull it out, but, it didn't happen.  This is where pragmatism comes in.  The cold, hard fact is that the choice is Hillary or fucking Trump.  There will be Supreme Court vacancies out of the ass, and if Trump gets in with Congress still under Republican rule...fuck that.  I'm literally moving to Canada, fuck how cold it is.  So, you can stand your ground on your principles, or go Green or whatever and risk losing the country forever.  As bad as you all think Hillary is, she is still tied to the Democratic party.  That's her base.  If she wants to succeed, she will listen.  So, yeah, Sarah was right.  Given the choice, stop being fucking ridiculous.  
Idiocy in this thread is my last straw. Unsub'd. You jerkoffs need to look your dumbasses in the mirror and ask if TRUMP will serve your goals or not, and then decide if shitting where you eat is part of Bernie's movement or not.
Nah you guys are being ridiculous and you are voting with emotion which is a very dangerous thing
Ok does anyone here think that this is the democrat equivalent of the "47%" comment of Mitt Romney? 
Sarah SilverMan should go back to being a washed up, has been, no talent whiny hack. I don't even know how sHe made it onto tv in the first place. I also hate her voice. She has stepped up to the next level of annoying.
[deleted]
The vast majority(75% or more) of Sanders voters have listened to Sanders and thrown our support behind Hillary after he secured a large number of his policies for the official DNC platform. But fuck **us** right? 
As an avid Bernie Supporter I completely agreed with everything Sarah Silverman had to say.
Know what else is ridiculous? Voting for someone else, even after your candidate that you love so much endorsed someone qualified and intelligent. 
I don't think you're "ridiculous".  I think you're loud-mouthed juvenile assholes who have spent so long circle-jerking that you no longer have a grip on reality.
You gotta take the L every once in a while. You can be spiteful and get Donald Trump elected who will be the furthest thing from what you wanted from Bernie. Or you can take the Hillary cock and vote her in and get some of what you want. 
Unless you want Trump to be president then I see where she's coming from.
how is getting more than a million votes over bernie rigging the election? 
She's right, you know. This whole subreddit is an embarrassment. Even BERNIE has given up, but you accelerationists keep clinging to your stubborn hate.
Why am I so attracted to Silverman? She is like number 4 on my list of women i'd want to bang. I mean shit I hate her comedy and politics yet I beat it to her regularly.  
[deleted]
I have no idea who that Silverman is and don't care but she's right you guys are 100% ridiculous if you think what you're doing is helping your cause one bit. 

It's extremely shortsighted and if I'm honest quite childish. If Hilary's so bad you nay as well vote republican. 
People are reporting messages that are critical of Clinton not being allowed through on live chat streams.
Multiple philly protest lifestreams cut off suddenly including Periscope.

Edit: Reports of government stingray fake comm towers are being employed to edit internet traffic.
Philly blackout?
Aaaaand it's gone. 
That's strange 
Include an option for local elections only
12% Clinton? Who the fuck are these people?
I think it's interesting if you examine post RNC polling, stein and johnson lost points with independents that went to trump. I'm feeling that johnson and stein will see visible increases after the dnc, and I'm not convinced hillary will make strides comparable to trump's RNC boost.




Anyway, my plan is to leave the door open on trump and see if he can honestly impress me by november. Otherwise I will indicate support for johnson until he hits 15% and then I will support stein. I need to see more of stein and trump tbh. I've kind of soured on johnson but want to ultimately see more 3rd party action
Normally I'd go green, but Johnson is polling too close in Utah to ignore. I feel like this is a once in a lifetime opportunity to vote 3rd party with true meaning.
Green. 
Holy shit... Trump has Hillary 4 to 1 right now on this poll.
At the moment, I'll be writing in Bernie's name. Probably look at Jill a little more though.
This sub is brigaded by trump supporters day in and day out now, your results won't be remotely accurate.
Green
GREEN PARTAY
Jill Stein
[removed]
Vote, none of thee above!
Was going to vote but you don't have a green candidate, and I won't help inflate johnson's numbers. 
Green. Everyone else promoting Bernie's platform. 
Bernie write in. Which may not count in my state unless Bernie sends in some paperwork. Still doing it.
Jill Stein 
Chelsea Clinton, I might as well vote for now than waiting for 8 years after Hillary term is over.
No option for write-in?
no one.
Resigned last week and went green. I support everyone's choice so if you want to change the DNC from with in or whatever. 

Call for Tim Canova he is very progressive.
I support everyone and I went green.
Random thought: Isn't it weird how Debbie WS was basically exiled from DNC, career might be over or largely set back, all while the Democrats nominate someone who has worse email issues.....
So here's the thing, ideally I'd want Gary Johnson to win, but it is extremely unlikely that he even gets within striking distance.  If I were to vote for a third party, and not Clinton I'd be helping Trump win, which would be the worst possible thing for our political revolution.  So yeah, I guess I'm the only person on this subreddit voting for Clinton^yay
I'm one of them. DNC made the process as disorganized as possible.   They waited until the last possible minute to give them to us and to shuttle us to the convention.   This whole thing is a shitshow.   
Jimmy Carter was right...We're and oligarchy now. Fuck the DNC.
Fuck the DNC.
Wow. Just wow. They are so scared, they are so nervous, they are so afraid that they will lose control they'll do anything to keep it.
In the stream there's this response: https://twitter.com/Of_the_People7/status/757743216565170176

"Give us 24 hours" ...?
Why isn't Bernie defending these people?
My eyes were opened to what's happened to my party of choice when Bernie entered the fray. The DNC is dead to me. 
They don't even try. They deserver everything that is coming for them everything.

No Justice! No Peace!
Here's hoping these 600 are super at getting out this fucking disgrace to the public then...
I am a trump supporter, but I am also outraged about purposefully stifling Bernie. And then they keep rubbing it im everyone's faces, why can't we have the election america deserves between trump and Bernie, I don't care who wins that one, simply because I think there would be no strings pulled. Whoever wins between those two would be the choice of all Americans, with no media or DNC collusion involved. It's what we deserve, I love seeing all the sanders protesters.
I think the issue is that money talks and we don't really know who are pulling the strings of the dnc. For all we know it's a small group protected by anonymity hoarding all the money they can. For what purpose? fuck if I know, maybe to one up each other. 
#PLEASE HELP!!!! DNC CHANGED THE ROLL CALL TO EARLY IN THE MORNING AND DIDNT TELL ANY SANDERS DELEGATES SO THEY MISS THEIR CHANCE TO VOTE!!! WE MUST GET THE WORD OUT! DNC DID THE EXACT SAME THING IN NEVADA! PLEASE HELP! 
That fucking sucks for my fellow volunteers, it wasn't cheap to get there!
It's funny... Their efforts to suppress are just hurting their platform.
They are heartless scum! REVOLUTION NOW! Why is good denied and deceit rewarded?
it's like being corrupt is just in their nature...maybe they just can't help themselves?  
The fix is somewhere, where is that fix? In, you say? The fix is in?
Just bend over and take it like the plebs you are!

(** preview of the next email leak)
Pathetic showing today all around. Disgusting 
They forgot to donate to the Clinton Foundation.
Hillary is absolutely going to lose this election unless she embraces the progressive wing. The opposite of this BS.
Fuck the DNC. They want us to #voteinfear 

If Hillary has to be lifted to the nomination, then I don't wish to be apart of it. It's their own fault losing their fan base. Let's face it, if a voter wants to leave, they try to scare the shit out of them to lure them back. Well, if you keep shitting on a democratic process, the real Dems are gonna LEAVE, further putting them at risk of losing with their shit candidate. 

The way I see it, if Bernie somehow got the nomination, we would only have a higher chance of winning against Trump! And sadly enough, this is there main narrative. You'd think theyd pick better...
 it is now the party of fraud led by a liar.

At the risk of down votes: Were they supposed to get on the floor? I mean, what are the standards for credentials?
Yet Bernie is fine with this.
We love you Jordan!  I think it is a badge of honor and should be put on your resume. Half the country wanted Bernie. More than half. Be proud that the corrupt and powerful DNC was afraid of you.
I hope you get great things in life. You deserve the best!
It's what we deserve, I love seeing all the way to the detriment of the Democratic party.
The platform IS non-binding, but I come here saddened and in solidarity with the idiotic FPTP 2-party system in this past year?
To hell with party unity, to hell with Hillary Clinton. Hillary, the DNC, and people who support both are living in a bubble. Hillary Clinton is going to lose to Trmp in November, there's absolutely no changing this. Right now Sanders supporters we have a chance to get everything we wanted from all of this. We *DON'T* have to "accept reality" or "be grown ups", we have to go absolutely insane quite frankly and take this entire thing back by force.

Loudly and consistently demand Sanders from now to November. He alone will destroy Trmp and unite the party. If he refuses, drop him, vote Trmp, and try again in 2020. Trmp fought against a rigged system and won, so he won't try and censor us and our candidate the way Hillary and the DNC did. Embrace a Trmp presidency, it's the only way for all of us to defeat Hillary and the rigged DNC. Don't allow others to tell you how things should be, demand the way you want things to be and actively pursue it. Frankly, we need to be just as determined as the Tea-Party was.

Say what you will about them, they took their party back and put the fear of God into their representatives. We must now do the same thing with Bernie Sanders, Hillary, and the DNC. Enough is enough.
This is closed: Suggesting : https://www.reddit.com/r/FeelTheBernSFPres/ - need mods
Which is why I didn't go. 
We won't forget this. Only thing that would make me vote HRC, is if Bernie becomes chair of the party.
Now there's this: https://twitter.com/notmstewart/status/758402806797705216/photo/1

No idea if it's legit, sounds like a hoax, but if it is real it's funny how close the numbers are.
The DNC doubled down on their corruption and Bernie ate it up. What are you going to do now?
Do they want Donald trump to win, brocade this will make us hate you more DNC. That's how Don..... Ah fuck it I've explained this how many times already?
I'm not for the DNC, but i am a volunteer for the DNCC. Volunteers are through the DNCC and are told to not show a political preference at the convention or while in volunteer clothing. The 600 is a huge overstatement. Maybe 60? Juat want to make sure the right info is out there. Once again I'm not for the DNC.
you should probably all just vote for your father trump. he knows whats best for you.
They think they're protecting Hillary.  They're just making things worse.
Congrats Bernie. Betrayed us all and are still telling us to go fuck ourselves and our consciences.
Everyone in this sub called this last night
Good.

Maybe the jackasses will stop acting like spoiled fucking children who only got a Honda instead of a BMW for their birthday.

I swear to god, the idiots chanting *during a fucking prayer* made me utterly embarrassed I ever voted for Sanders. 
This might seem like an important and relevant story, but it should probably be discussed elsewhere since this sub is closing down.  
"Clashed with police".  I've been out there all day and I heard so many "thank you"s from protesters to the cops.  Another aim at smearing Bernie supporters.
I bet bernie is embarrassed by this. 
  Dont give up comrades!  
Don't forget the 30% of the electorate that got no say due to closed primaries.
Don't forget the biased media that was controlled by Hillary. Fuck the media
Some nobody senator got 45% against an anointed Queen with the entire democratic party working against him.  Damn straight the election was stolen
Don't forget the media
>[The Fatally Flawed 2016 Democratic Primaries](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B6J1ecILnk3UUy1KZ2FUT29iQ1E/view?pref=2&pli=1)

>[Egregious Election Fraud  and Voter Suppression](https://www.facebook.com/notes/election-justice-usa/democracy-lost-a-report-on-the-fatally-flawed-2016-democratic-primaries/923891901070837)

>[Lobbyist Superdelegates Tip Nomination Toward Hillary Clinton]
(https://theintercept.com/2016/02/17/voters-be-damned/)

>[How Hundreds of Superdelegates were "bought" by the Clinton Campaign.]
(http://www.dailykos.com/story/2016/4/6/1511462/-CORRUPTION-How-Hundreds-of-Superdelegates-were-Literally-bought-by-the-Clinton-Campaign)


>["How Hillary Clinton Bought the Loyalty of 33 State Democratic Parties"]
(http://www.counterpunch.org/2016/04/01/how-hillary-clinton-bought-the-loyalty-of-33-state-democratic-parties/)

>[MSM's Political Influence and Power behind Hillary's Firewall](http://www.inquisitr.com/3089356/see-how-hillary-clinton-and-the-media-are-trying-to-fool-you/#16Of6B0CaxLcl0im.99)

Aww man, never thought of it that way. Your right... having the news networks pull stories that have anything possitiv e about you isn't that bad. Manipulating media so people can't come up with there own informed thought really should be incouraged. In fact we need more propaganda in our media with forced perception. Hitlary ahem Hitler was really onto somthing. In an election exposure is everything. All bernie had was internet, Hillary had internet and tv. Figure it out.
edit: where did the jackassis comment go. (Claims that dnc leak was really no big deal)
Unfortunately it's not just the DNC saying that now; it's also [people like Symone Sanders](http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/bernie-sanders-hillary-clinton-dnc-stolen-election-email-leak).
They weren't working that hard against you. What did they do? Snicker to each other about how you wouldn't win? Try to get Sanders and Clinton to play nice? Talk to each other about how they would unify the party? Assume that the person in the commanding lead would win? Not exactly sabotage.
Probably someone misconstruing things.
They're doing an official one right now.
lost me at "whore" - we dont need that shit
I'm skeptical. The Location Marker says Bristol, CT - about 200 miles away from Philly. This person was therefore likely not in attendance, so it's secondhand information at best.
The whole time they had you go after Trump.... The real threat you needed to stop first was right in front of you.... Playing nice didn't get you anywhere. If Sanders had shown the teeth his supporters did, maybe this wouldn't have occurred. 

They lied, they cheated, and they'll likely be absolutely no repercussions... 
She didn't have the votes to clinch it. That's what I've heard elsewhere here. That's a lot different than "Sanders beat Clinton".
[deleted]
If you're watching the roll call right now I think it's 100% clear that everyone knows who has the delegates, which we've known since California anyway.
[removed]
Sounds exactly their ballpark. Please somebody....
The whole time they had you go after Trump.... The real threat you needed to stop first was right in front of you.... Playing nice didn't get you anywhere. If Sanders had shown the teeth his supporters did, maybe this wouldn't have occurred. 

They lied, they cheated, and they'll likely be absolutely no repercussions... 
Yes, this is what democracy looks like. Bernie himself said that democracy is messy. Regardless of what's going down behind the scenes, we have walked this long road together. No way would he want us to fold in the face of injustice.
seriously, I wish I could be there with them.
Do *NOT* listen to the people fronting as supporters telling you to be quiet and you're being rude. This is what Democracy looks like. Not some fear-mongering anti-Trump rhetoric where we all sit and cheer as the Establishment robs you blind of your freedom and your voice. Stand the fuck up and do not sit down for them. Not ever. We CANNOT allow this stolen election to be rewarded by electing the very woman behind the THEFT!
Are WE electing Trump by not falling in line,

OR is HILLARY electing Trump by being selfish and insisting on being president despite swaying the presidential election and her unfavorable ratings?
THEY SWAYED A PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION, BLAME THE RUSSIANS, GIVE DEBBIE A NEW JOB, AND WHAT, NOW WE ARE SQUARE?? 
Bern it down guys! Making me proud
What you did today was so fucking heroic guys.  

Look at all the people that folded and sold out.  And who can we can we count on while everyone around us sells out and gives up?  

Our glorious elected delegates!  As long as we got men and women like this on our side the Revolution is not only alive, it's growing!  

You guys are everything right with the movement.  Tears of pride thinking of your brave fighting.  With men and women like you our movement will never be stifled.  

BERNITDOWN 
So much this. Those on the ground are the real MVPs.
Yep.  Thanks so much, Bernie delegates!  You know you folks rock.  Let me tell you:  *Do the right thing.*  Think of Debbie Wasserman Schultz's curly hair and then consider whether it's time for decorum.  In other words, Bernie people:  *"Go the distance!"*  *"Go the mother fuckin distance!!"*
Thank you guys so much. I'll be there tomorrow booing outside. 
You are also speaking for a majority of non-americans, both inside of the USA and outside. You're about to pick a president that is hated around the world. Trust me, some of your current allies will turn their back on you, if it's either Trump or Hillary.
Very proud
I'm proud of you guys for fighting
Thanks for showing moral courage. 

"Few men are willing to brave the disapproval of their fellows, the censure of their colleagues, the wrath of their society. Moral courage is a rarer commodity than bravery in battle or great intelligence. Yet it is the one essential, vital quality for those who seek to change a world which yields most painfully to change."
    Robert F. Kennedy, 1966 speech


I'm glad that you didn't follow orders from the DNC or even Sanders himself to fall in line. This is the time to stand up and fight. 
Yeah, way to boo a civil rights legend who was speaking about his dead father.
I want to know who they are. 
As a citizen who naturalized a couple of months ago to vote for Bernie, I thank you for your efforts in my stead.

With fellow citizens like yourselves at our side, I know my vote won't go to waste if we somehow manage to move the U.S. toward a more progressive union, despite the chain link fences the DNC has put up against us.
Agreed!! Keep it going, they have earned every bit of it
Thank you, all of you. 
They aren't speaking for all the American people. That's absurd. It's invigorating to hear people speak their minds though.
Yes, thank you all for bearing the worst ending for all of us.  Hope you'll come and find a new home in a Party that shares our values.
Come to the Jill Stein reddit and consider supporting someone who is fighting the same fight Bernie spoke about
How very sad.  Many of those Berners put their lives on hold, made it to the convention at great financial hardship.  To sit in that room knowing that ALL your hard work and sacrifice was being undermined by the very party you thought represented DEMOCRACY!  All the elitist F%&K's (the clinton country club) just don't care about anything but protecting their QUEEN.  Please know that every SHOUT and DISRUPTION is sweet music to my ears.  YOU ARE ALL MY HERO'S!
Agreed. A great thank you goes out to the delegates who's voices became the people's collective voices last night. Thank you so much.
same
The Democratic Party is not united. It needs to stop pretending so, and take genuine steps to unite the party. "Trump is big and scary" though true, isn't convincing Bernie supporters to back Hillary Clinton. "Hillary won fair & square" also isn't working since that was literally proven false this weekend by the anti-Bernie actions of DWS and DNC officials and not by the anti-Bernie actions of "the big and scary Russians."
It's more than just speaking for the American people, Sanders got most of the youth vote. That means that you are the future of the American people.

Don't be discouraged because a single election got you down. Today the heading says Sanders for President, tomorrow it will be someone better who espouses your values.
How do you all feel about Bernie emailing everyone to be respectful and stop booing? 
They aren't accomplishing anything except justifying pro-Trump sentiment.
You are speaking for Donald Trump who will make sure you don't have a job with a living wage, health insurance, or relief from your school loans. Good luck!
You are acting like a bunch of children.
Thank you to the delegates who represented the true progressive position. Thank you thank you thank you. Without you our voices would be that much quieter. 
I totally and fully agree with all of us on this sub supporting our delegates at the convention.

Separate from whatever the HRC minions tell you, separate from whatever the Demonic Nefarious Cartel (DNC) may want, you need to stand firm and remain loyal to your purpose.

This is a moment in your life that will long live and reman with you.  You are at the heart of what a Democracy is all about.  You represent our MIGHT for RIGHT!

Vote for Bernie at the roll call, be respectful yet loud and decisive, and do engage other delegates.  You may be surprised to learn that you can turn them in favor of Bernie.  

The facts are the facts, and they do NOT lie.  The lying, the cheating, the HRC agenda is fully exposed.  Thanks for all your dedicated work.
I wish i could be there. :( I would start a sell out chant and when hilary gets on id start a lizard chant :).
I imagine his numbers were lower because some if them could to make it to the convention. 


I think the roll call was purely ceremonial (unless none of Clinton's delegates showed up then I guess Bernie would win) 


But it's not like there was a final vote where some delegates switched to Hillary and some switched to Bernie. They stayed true to how their states voted. 



The only thing that didn't fully represent the states votes were the superdelegates. 





But with that said, the fact that Bernie delegates wAlked out is good enough evidence that there is no grand unity. The fact that they booed Hillary's name, chanted Bernie, no tpp, no trust no unity, and war hawk definitely shows the lack of unity. We are not happy with the DNC. 



To top it all off, the signs they handed out for the major speakers felt very fake. It creates an image of unity for those just tuning in, but for us who've been watching, we know they took away Bernie signs and no tpp signs. We know they deliberately handed out signs to be used for specific speakers. None of the MASS support was organic, it was all planned by the DNC. 
Bern it down!
You first spit in my face, tell me I'm worthless, and then beg me to vote for you - a big f**k you is appropriate here.
"The French have a name for this. They call it la politique du pire: the worse things get, the better it is. It's a noxious doctrine that puts political expediency above the welfare of the country."

I like this. Let Trump win. He will only last 4 years, and in 2018, we will take over Congress and make his life the same hell that the Rep-ugly-cans made ours. Then we'll defeat him soundly and forever in 2020 and TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK! No Hillary, No crooked DNC, just VICTORY.
But the mods of his own sub are doing their best to make sure they do...
[deleted]
burn it down...both parties...and start over
I would choose one of the third party candidates, either Jill Stein or Gary Johnson. Neither will win, but if enough people get fed up with the two party system this election, 2020 could be vastly different, with four viable candidates to choose from. Writing in Bernie is an option where I live, but giving a vote to one of the third parties would have a lot more power to make a positive change in our sad state of affairs.
I would guess Jill Stein of the greens. She's not as charismatic and on point in the narrative as Bernie was as she often sounds like she's reading stuff of a tailored list, but she stands for the people like Bernie did. The only thing that matters is the ideology that the candidate backs - I'd personally vote for a turd standing for the right issues.
Jill Stein and the Green party. We need a progressive party, and there it is.
Libertarian or Green.  But it isnt easy being green.
Stein. Johnson is pro-TPP and wants to cut social programs that benefit the lower and middle classes. Going from Bernie to Johnson is no different than going from Bernie to Hillary or Trump.
[deleted]

Ima stay with DNC and push for change, but will vote Green if there is no progressive dems to vote for.
I'm impressed with the number of Bernie surrogates who won't get behind Clinton. Even people like Nina Turner's enthusiasm for Clinton is pretty tepid.
Clinton hiring Wasserman Schultz a day or two after she said she was going to resigned doesn't help
Good for you Rosario! Stand up against corruption!
rosario dawson is awesome
My school boy crush is still sustained. 
I admire Rosario Dawson. She's not afraid to stick to her beliefs.
I'm not going to, but the \#SuddenlyHRC2016 brigade is apparently free to do whatever they want on /r/SandersforPresident
So Rosario Dawson is a better actress than Sarah Silverman and a better person.
Sarah Silverman was a bandwagon hopper, Rosario Dawson was the real deal.
Waiting for Rosario to endorse she-who-shall-not-be-named-that-isn't-HRC.
Thank god for this woman. 
I don't understand all the people acting like supporting Hillary is the only option if we don't want Trump to win. If Hillary dropped out right now and was replaced with somebody else, there would be enough people voting Democrat whoever the candidate is and, if they chose somebody who appeals to Bernie supporters, even Bernie himself, that's a huge demographic to add to the Democratic vote. They would easily win. I don't support the sentiment that we are forced to choose Hillary or end up with Trump. 
At least someone has some integrity

(I'm lookin at you Sarah Silverman)
Just wondering what bernie supporters think of his speech last night? 
love her
Ugh, when will these white male Bernie Bros quit whining

/s
Love her.
#Party united! Voters divided! 
[removed]
I wonder how frosty she would be towards Sarah Silverman, assuming they have any reason to be near one another.
>breitbart
So we're posting Breitbart articles now? 
Is she really a Bernie backer when she's completely ignoring what he's advocating?
I was so afraid they'd strong-armed him into voting for HRC for the sake of unity. Thank goodness he was allowed a good, strong moment. He. Was. Awesome.
Thank you for this.
Aloha to you too, I reregisted as an independent today and I'm voting for a 3rd party for the first time in my life. 
Obviously a huge debt of gratitude to Tulsi Gabbard for the inspiration and her calming and healing words yesterday.

Was there ever any doubt. 
This is not the first comment of this sort. But the media ignored it.

__Chamber of Commerce Lobbyist Tom Donohue: Clinton Will Support TPP After Election__

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/robert-naiman/chamber-of-commerce-lobby_b_9104096.html


Color me surprised...
At least till she is in office...
Disgusting.
Yikes. Kinda figured though after they refused to shoot it down in the platform meetings. I guess this is the one the really matters after all, and the other platform concessions are just to appease the masses. Sad...
He has been a once in a lifetime candidate for me and I'm 56. I truly hope he won't be the last one I see. Thank you Bernie.
Agreed!
I am not terrified, but I am damn sad and angry because we had a chance to move the country and world to a right direction, but no instead we are now having two worst possible outcomes to choose. 
[deleted]
Our people are too ignorant to appreciate his amazing characters and judgements. We might not get another one like him for a loooooooooooooog time. I like him because of his integrity, truthfulness, courage, compassion and good judgements. 
People just forgot about a lot of stuff. 
They don't give a shit about you. Better to leave and make them loose. People have short memories which is why they are fooled so easily.
Nope. Let's ask her in her next press conf-- oh.
It will not kick rocks but I will go watch that video of the Bernie supporter lighting her self on fire a few more times 
using your hypothetical, under trump, then i think - for myself - i laugh as his lame duck ass can't get a single justice approved, nor a single piece of legislation passed since, you know, we'll be voting in progressives up and down the ballot for house and senate seats. then i get to watch the fucking dems dissolve into the same shitheap the republicans have since obama won, and then we rise like a phoenix from the ashes of the burnt establishment.

or i can just peace out to go live in japan w/ my girl and say fuck it.

but i ain't going to continue to live in fear. 
Did anyone see the post by one of the delegates? Bernie won the AM vote, so they decided to do a revote tonight because all Hillary delegates didn't show up!!!!!!!
And we probably wouldnt be able to see the paper ballots.  Even though they know they have more delegates.  Anyone who was hoping for transparency in the future can say goodbye to that. 

Being a delegate sounds like it sucks ass
What the fuck has happened to these mods? Weird shit going on.
they cant get the voice or hand vote, so they will just change the paper one lol
1 in FL

*People fearing my vote wont count should focus on their personal vote more*
I'm going to vote for Jill. She has a very similar platform. More importantly if she polls 15%, we can get her to the debates.
[deleted]
What moron thought having Trump's name on every single sign at the DNC was a good idea? 
I just saw you on the live stream! The camera was moving consistently left until you came into the frame and then it moved back to the right. D:
Nice!

Tomorrow they'll be confiscating felt pens.
Who thought that's a good design?

"Love" is in red, the Republican color

"Trumps" - basically the opponent's name

"Hate" is in blue, the Democratic party color...

I feel like this sign is at the wrong convention
Such a conflicting shit show of a convention. Bernies speech tonight shows how qualified he is in regards to his passion for what he Is fighting for. He is a leader not a follower but I will NOT vote for Hillary no matter how much he kept talking up about how hillary needs to be the next president. 
I saw these on twitter: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CoP5mCMWgAEqWWs.jpg

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CoP5i5uWcAEc0bt.jpg

**Never lose your sense of outrage**
And the RNC, all they talked about was Hillary. 

At the DNC, all they talk about us Trump. 

Fuck our political system is broken
This shouldn't be a Bernie vs. Hillary issue. This is pure corruption. Every delegate should be disgusted by the DNC! Keep fighting! We are counting on you to represent us!
I love you guys. After the last year of fighting the establishment, we still have our passion. 
You're the heroes of the convention, keep fighting the good fight \o/
If you happen to be there when Hillary is there Thursday, I hope she gets booed. She deserves it
Please continue and don't be silenced
fight the good fight compadre
Yo I saw that sign on CNN live and the camerman suddenly jerked the camera away from it and kept it fixed elsewhere...


...Elsewhere, however, being a sea of Bernie signs and like 1 Hillary sign.
Youre inside? Do you plan to be there every night?

Please for the love of god, while I hope you respect Bernie tonight, DO NOT heed his call to be quiet. DO NOT LOSE YOUR SENSE OF OUTRAGE. If you have to, remind those around you that this is important. If he has to give up fine, but you do not have to be his sheep and follow. 
Thank you! I'm watching on msnbc now. While Sen Corey Booker speaking chants of "war hawk" could be heard. There are few wide shots of the crowd now. Mainly focusing on single individuals with Hillary signs or shirts. Keep up the chanting. Now we can here "black lives matter".
Hillary screwed Bernie, and i hope they screw her at the convention 
Why the hell is there so much, ahem, "creative" white space on the signs. It's like they were begging for this to happen.
What? They were handing out Bernie signs. There were tons of them during his speech. 
I thought the Michelle Obama sticks were really stupid too... (no disrespect to Michelle I love her) It seemed very contrived. :(  They just seem like they are trying to hard to be like Bernie and no one but Bernie is like Bernie and no one but Bernie's supporters are like Bernie's supporters. :'(

Edit: :'(
Out of curiosity, did any of you guys read the convention rules before making and bringing outside signs?

https://www.demconvention.com/delegates-logistics/security/
Did they not threaten to take away credentials if you have a Bernie sign?
What is going on in background though? http://www.imgur.com/yJvrjSj
Did anyone else catch Colbert's opening essentially debasing Bernie supporters as a bunch of free-wheeling hippies?

Of course. I guess that's a much better foundation for a funny sketch than talking about how the DNC is totally contaminated. That shit isn't funny, not even a little bit.
This title is misleading. They were only taking signs that were not prohibited by the convention. You weren't allowed to bring in your own signs, only ones that were sanctioned to be at the convention. It's in the rules of what you can and cannot bring into the hall. 

There were still plenty of Bernie signs up everywhere, and those were the approved ones.
They're seriously handing out premade protest signs...
Get some videos of them taking away signs, can you?
I am a Trump supporter so I expect to get down voted, but watching what this democratic party has done to Bernie is honestly so fucking depressing. I'm not one of those crazy pro republicans, I very much just go by what canidate I like. You can tell how everybody at the DNC wants Bernie, and the man weather I believe with his views or not worked his ass off at his trying to be the nominee. Watching what the democratic party has made me lose hope in politics and honestly makes me not want to care about who is president anymore. This election should be Trump vs Bernie , no matter what side you are on nobody wants hillairy. If it comes down to it and trump loses I 100% would rather have Bernie be the one who beats him. I respect all of the Bernie supporters, and I hope both parties can come together and take the corruption out of politics.
Fox News shows you earlier. 
I'm a bernie bro through and through but all of ya'll need to reevaluate the priorities here.  If you actually cared about Sander's platform you wouldn't even consider trump.
You guys are fucking awesome!
RELEASE THE TRANSCRIPTS!!! 
Don't give up, you guys, please don't give up !!!!  She's so corrupt !!!!!
Hi Berniebros, I will be honest and say I'm an old fashioned conservative who believes in small government that doesn't interfere with our lives or the affairs of other nations. I don't agree much with the Bernie Sanders platform but I do believe he was wronged here and as a nation we shouldn't allow establishment politics to just be kicked down the road. If the DNC can get away with this then who knows what they'll do next election cycle.

I'm not telling you how to vote, as I'll be debating over Gary Johnson and Trump. In the same way liberals should be looking at Jill Stein and Hillary. The parties won't change if we begrudgingly continue this horrid 2 Party system.

Whatever you do don't let them silence you. Your voices got Debbie Wasserman Schultz kicked out within a day of the Wikileaks, you have more power than they want you to think.

Keep up the fight, we're all American and no one should have their voices silenced or voting power be weakened.
Also if you are asked to support Hillary vs sanders, stay silent on Hillary, don't boo. Be silent. Let out the loudest you can for Bernie.
Can you imagine if the DNC finally said to Hillary:

"Sorry Mrs. Clinton, we really tried to make this happen, you know that, but we're going to go with Bernie."
I'm a Bernie supporter, but I will burn in hell before I vote for the fucking Pumpkin.
Keep fighting the good fight.
lmao are these people campaigning for trump?
You guys should hurry up and fall in line. [Sanders said he's proud to support her](http://www.cnn.com/2016/07/25/politics/bernie-sanders-democratic-national-convention-speech/) and so should all of you. 
There is no way anyone can say they believe in Sanders policies and still vote for Trump. The next President could potentially nominate 5 Supreme Court justices that could devastate progressive legislation for the next 30 years. For Christ's sake they Trump justices may try to overturn Roe v. Wade.
Yeah, vote for our guy or we'll deliberately sabotage the campaign of the candidate who has the best chance of advancing our progressive platform.


The ultimate justice is for us Sanders supporters to vote Trmp if Bernie doesn't get back into the race and get the nomination. Hillary *WILL* lose in November, make no mistake about it. People who think otherwise are being foolish or paid. If Sanders refuses to listen then we his supporters vote Trmp, and try again in 2020 with an ideal progressive candidate. We'll actually have a fair election that's not rigged, because unlike Hillary Trmp is a man of pride who wants to win without a rigged system backing him.

In fact, Trmp fought and *WON* against the rigged system that tried to keep him down. So you know he's not going to pull any nonsense against us in 2020, it will be a far more fair fight than against a corrupt Hillary Clinton using a rigged system in her favor. 
Good for you!
Is Bernie speaking tonight? I thought he was supposed to go on at 10PM ET.
Or you fucks could stop trying to torpedo the only chance we have at not having that orange fascist as our president.
Ah yes. I remember voting Nader in 2004. I was so right. It turned out.... *Okay*
Fuck the DNC.  I wish Bernie hadn't sold out to back her.  The green party offered him the slot to put him on the ballot in all states, they usually get 8% of the vote, with Bernie at the helm, he could easily with his support been the first independent in the white house since Washington.
One word SCOTUS.
Just another form f DNC Censorship and yet another reason I will never vote for Hillary. I never liked any Nazi tactics.
Another 10 minute outrage! That was good. What's next?
Awesomeness. Bern that conniving bi'ch.
Well don't you look like fools.
Fuck Donald Trump or any asshole who is stupid enough to vote for him.
BRILLIANT! Bravo! 
haha!!! love it. great job!
Ha, i saw some on live tv.
Pam Livengood? Life couldn't possibly be bad. 
And it's gone...

Let me guess, it is gone right?
Viva la revolucin
ALT joke banner: wither arrow http://imgur.com/a/YIlYJ
Bet that knotted up Hil-liar-y's panties.
Well that's terrifying
This is awesome!
Lady on the right doesn't look pleased. 
[removed]
Can't the DNC get a better slogan? At first people read "love trump" and that can subliminally message
nice :)
Why didn't you say no when they took your sign?
This post dropped off my front page. Same for anyone else?
I'd recommend replacing "Bernie" with "Johnson" at this point...since Johnson is actually running in the general election. Bernie is not...he doesn't have any interest in running for a third party nom (hell, Jill Stein OFFERED her spot to him...and the party is essentially in line with his agenda) and he's lost the Democratic nomination, not fair and not square, but apparently not unfairly enough to reverse the convention in his favor. This has been consistent throughout the primary season: reality has continued to wreak havoc on our idealism, crony capitalism mingling with corporatism leaves us with the most lifeless, hated candidates likely in our country's history (well, the South hated Lincoln more than any region of the US hates Trump...)
[deleted]
I am so confused.  Can someone ELI5 what this means?  Is the DNC now supporting Trump or is this an impossibly misguided slogan attempt?  No one could possibly BE that misguided, but may be?  Just, what the actual fuck does that slogan mean?  And why would pro-Bernie signs be replaced with them?  Am I the only one who doesn''t understand what this means?
I can't tell if that's a threat that the person is going to vote for Trump or whether they feel Trump is going to beat Hillary.
The original sign must be one of the worst designed slogans ever. Trump is such a household name, that you associate his name with the word. And I understand that's the point of the sign, but it takes away from who to vote for. I almost want to read it as "Love Trump's Hate!" Almost like we are supposed to justify to ourselves that it is ok that he is prejudice. 
How does loving Bernie stop Trump winning? Am I missing something here?
I wonder if any Clinton supporters showed this much class and respect when they handed out the Sanders signs.


Turn them into paper planes and fly them to the stage!
Good on you guys, I saw the video of the guy policing the aisles and confiscating any Bernie signs; and it was really sad and frustrating.

Did anyone refuse to surrender their Bernie signs?
 
What if anything happened to them?
Join us at /r/socialism 
Children.
So brave
Dying to hear the roll call votes. 
/r/dontdeadopeninside
You know, if all the signs were taken, how come there were so many Bernie signs in evidence when he was talking.  I'd seen the reporting and comments on this as it happened live last night but still I found it hard to accept that it was really going down.  Yes, we saw plenty of modified "Stop Her" signs etc etc but still the number of Bernie signs was still very much in evidence during his talk.  Yes, I know everyone is pissed, I know I won't take my Bernie sign from my car, but honestly.  The only way you will avoid Trump as president of this country is follow Bernie's lead.  That might not be the best or most wanted outcome but seriously it's what I personally think as the only way forward.  I think regardless of what happened or how it was done, it won't change shit in the way of an outcome.  Yes I don't agree with her being claimed as the nominee until she is officially declared so but the point is this she will still be the party nominee for the Presidential election, and has taken a much more progressive stance than has been seen in previous elections. That's all thanks to Bernie and the movement he started.  She's seen that we will support that progressive stance and support it in droves.  If we keep forcing that progressive movement it will only be better for the future.  That's the only reason that Bernie is happy to follow, the fact she's leaning more to his views.  In honesty when you think about it, it's Bernie's views we support.  We need to push for this progressiveness to continue.

The only way that'll happen is to support Hilary even though we might not fully like it.  Regardless it's better than the other option.

The Clinton campaign thinks those signs are so edgy and whity when they almost look like your supporting Trump tbh.
Most of the time, when you're in a crowd, other people/your hands cover up the bottom of the sign, so these are effectively just "Love Trump" signs

Yyu
This is such an immature approach. As if you will hurt the country unless you have your way. This country deserves Trump if this is an example of the progressives that were spawn by Sander's rhetoric. And the pathetic thing is you don't see this is an attempt to hold the party hostage. This is not a PS3 scenario game. This is not Survivor where you vote people off an island. This is about a brutal empire making war on innocent people. This is about innocent people dying and all you can say is "may way or the high way"   
You're a dumbass, OP.
How old are you
Bernie wins if the platform wins.  It was never about him, personally.  It has always been about doing the right thing.  He put his energy into the party platform, and he's going to put his energy behind Clinton.  If we fixate on the person instead of the values, then we are as confused as a dog that is staring at your finger instead of looking where you're pointing.
Please stop. If you can't see that a Clinton presidency would be better than a Trump presidency, you are either blind or are only playing lip service to the values Bernie holds dear. 
Yeah let's let Trump win because we want to "fight the system"

I'm honestly ashamed of the people who voted for bernie alongside me today.
Back Hilary or leave the DNC. When it's Hilary v. Trump if you don't support Hilary then you are indirectly supporting Trump.
This sub should be closed.
I gotta ask... Just how badly does Hillary want to lose this election?
As a libertarian. Im so sorry for you guys. What happened was wrong. Bernie is the rightful nominee. I also believe the attempts to suppress supporters by taking signs is a violation of free speech.
Love Trumps hate = Through Trump's love we can beat hate
Huge coincidence I know, but the font color they used on for Love Trumps Hate perfectly represent Google, Facebook, Twitter. Which all were corps that assisted HRC in social media....
#BernItDown
Did you people not get the memo that Bernie sold out to Hillary? 
Because you're a group of petulant children that even Bernie is becoming ashamed of.
Behold the sorest losers in history....
You should make new ones that say "I'm a huge baby and I'm helping burn down the country."
I've decided to vote for trump.
Thank you for supporting Donald Trump
YOU. LOST. YOUR "CANDIDATE" IS NOT EVEN A DEMOCRAT. HE WAS AN INDEPENDENT FROM 1979-2015. 
Fuck the the party.... Not voting a single Dem ever! 
Clearly Hillary has paid for the media's support. This woman needs to die. 
As a former bernie supporter, I'm now a trump supporter. Why? I'd rather have Trump be president than a lying criminal.
[deleted]
I'm a Trump supporter who saw this on /r/all. I know i'm in the wrong sub, but man... Bernie deserves that nomination. After all the DNC crap through the primaries too. I saw an ENTIRE arena filled with Bernie signs tonight; I've never seen so many people for Hillary..

Wth is going on

He has a speaking spot. He got significant concessions to the platform. What more do you want? It's not like they took away your signs out of malice. [They're against the rules for everyone.](https://www.demconvention.com/delegates-logistics/security/)

Sanders will not be the nominee, so what else do you expect at this point?

*Come on, let's have a real discussion. Want do you people want? What does the "love sSanders or else" answer look like? Dont just bury me for calling you out on the constant goalpost moving, actually have the guts to state something.
#PLEASE HELP!!!! DNC CHANGED THE ROLL CALL TO EARLY IN THE MORNING AND DIDNT TELL ANY SANDERS DELEGATES SO THEY MISS THEIR CHANCE TO VOTE!!! WE MUST GET THE WORD OUT! DNC DID THE EXACT SAME THING IN NEVADA! PLEASE HELP! 
"Love trumps hate" was a HFA (Hillary for America) tagline. It even comes up in the wikileaks emails: https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/11841

Any of the proposed slogans from pro Bernie organizations? 

God bless all of you in Philly tonight - from the reaction he got, sounded like he was the nominee (when he walked out) and not HRC! (LOL!)

#rollcallvote! 
That rocks!
Up vote to you sir! Or madam. 
#PLEASE HELP!!!! DNC CHANGED THE ROLL CALL TO EARLY IN THE MORNING AND DIDNT TELL ANY SANDERS DELEGATES SO THEY MISS THEIR CHANCE TO VOTE!!! WE MUST GET THE WORD OUT! DNC DID THE EXACT SAME THING IN NEVADA! PLEASE HELP! 
"Love Trump or Hillary Wins"
Gotta be realistic here.
We want Trump to win, though?
Horrible thing to do. 

But at least it's clever. 
Love Trump
After the roll call tomorrow will you all leave Philadelphia please? Better yet, please just leave the state of Pennsylvania and go be unemployed somewhere else.

Signed, 

The Democratic Party 
We fight, vote down ballot progressives, president whoever you want or feel you must vote for and then sign petitions, go to protests, stay loud and work together.
In the words of Batman, "The war goes on". 

Bernie opened the eyes of a country. We must make sure they stay open.
We run for office, we vote for Bernie-crats, we protest, we yell, we scream, we scratch for every inch (public office) we can get. 

Edit: and maybe some day a young honest and worthy candidate will rise through the ranks and we can have a Bernie like leader again. 
It cost Bernie a ton in the South of course, look at the numbers here: http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/02/25/a-closer-look-at-religion-in-the-super-tuesday-states/

Large majority of all the Southern states said "religion is very important" and that's for Democrats. People have said for awhile that anyone who isn't Christian is un-electable as President, Bernie's come closer then anyone so I guess there's hope.
A very minor factor in the Dem race.

It was much more important for the Reps however. 
Justice, Truth, Integrity, Principles and Charity are the bedrock foundation uniting all religions!!!
Hahahah grasshopper, it doesn't work like this. People who buy her out offer her much more than just money. They offer her future, opportunity, safety, loyalty as long as she offers them her loyalty. She's done, if she betrays them. Not worth for 200k.
Not Yet.

We need to set the stage in the low probability chance that things go so badly for Hillary - terrible polling numbers, more bombshells that even the Dem Establishment wants to avoid Trump. Then the Dem elites who gather will really not have a choice this time if they want to survive as a party - Bernie. Just before the convention Bernie only needed to convince 1/7 of the non-Bernie delegates to have won the nomination. I'm not sure 6/7 of Hillary supporters would want Kaine or Biden over Bernie........That would be the final straw........
Agreed.  This is my 4th presidential election, and Bernie opened my eyes to how good things could really be if we work for it.  If he hadn't have run I'd probably be falling in line with the Hillary people.  Now I know better.
I've got you bud! I'll be the idiot with the flagpole that is a little too tall, and I'm going to set up a few live streams today
Yes lets go on and further damage the progressive movement and bernie's cedibility.

"Dear Bernie 2016 Delegate,

Thank you so much for your efforts on the campaign and your hard work to advance the political revolution. We have accomplished much. Much more needs to be done.

The political revolution is not about one election or one candidate. It is about transforming America and continuing the fight for economic, social, racial and environmental justice. We have to continue to work together to advance the progressive future we all support.

During this convention you represent not just the 13.3 million who voted for our campaign. You also represent the future of our movement.

I am asking all of us to bear that in mind while we are on the floor of the convention. Our credibility as a movement will be damaged by booing, turning of backs, walking out or other similar displays. That's what the corporate media wants. That's what Donald Trump wants. But that's not what will expand the progressive movement in this country.

I know everyone is frustrated, especially by the recent DNC email disclosures. But, as a result of this disclosure Debbie Wasserman Schultz was forced to resign. This is a very positive sign.

We have made great progress in the last year. Let's continue going forward.

I would ask you as a personal courtesy to me to not engage in any kind of protest or demonstration on the convention floor.

In solidarity,

Bernie Sanders"
"When they try to speak"?

Are you advocating that delegates try to prevent them from speaking at all?

Look, I've donated to Bernie, phone banked, gone to events, and of course voted. But it really steps away from some of the values that I believe Bernie and most of his movement stand for -- including that you don't silence others just because you disagree with them.

I understand if you want to express disagreement, boo them when they enter, etc. But don't try to outright prevent them from speaking.
I feel you, that's not a turn of phrase, I really really feel you. Please consider voting 3d party. That way your disagreement will be counted. Not voting is just giving in to despair and going away.
As someone who is decidedly *not* new to this, I implore you to get out and vote regardless of who it's for. The reason that our political process has become so corrupt is because of a lack of engagement. I've often said that if you don't vote, it has the same effect as not existing. "Oh, look," say the powers that be, "70% of the electorate stayed home. Good." It's important to register your dissent. A vote of no confidence carries a lot of weight, especially this year. Please always vote, even if it's for Mickey Mouse.
There is no legitimacy in an argument to back the nominated candidate of your party if you think they're awful. In fact, it's morally wrong to do so. 

The lesser of two evils argument is huge factor in the political rot that we have been experiencing for the past 30 years. It allows the party apparatchiks to whatever they want without worrying about their core constituency - who they pander too to extract free labor and cash  and ignore as soon as possible. 

A small third-party that can win local elections and consistently make a dent in national elections has huge effect on the policy agenda of the two major parties. 

The best exposition on the current state of politics (and 3rd parties) that I have ever seen comes from an interview of Ralph Nader on The Real News Network. Heres the links to the three part interview:

(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FPkx1SuodsE)

(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlDcm8XnWt4)

(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onmrRlkLAjM)


This quote represents where I'm at politically at this point.

I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live by the light that I have. I must stand with anybody that stands right, and stand with him while he is right, and part with him when he goes wrong. Abraham Lincoln
Bernie supporters being told to be quiet or lose credentials: https://twitter.com/dizzyeyes/status/757688770758074368
I think the DNC is confusing the word "unify" with "subjugate". 

As in, "We need to subjugate the party."
The DNC wants Clinton. They don't care who the people want. Don't you see that yet? It's not about *your* vote, it never was.
Unless it says you cannot bring signs that support a candidate, this is fucked! I've seen Bernie & Hilary signs!
Urgent: Also, confirmed that they are editing videos on FB and adding applause as well as on MSM, etc.  They are also editing clips to downplay what is really going on.  "I'm telling you right now, someone is hitting a applauds track in the wrong places. It's the strangest thing. Anyone else getting that on their feeds? I'm talking sudden, massive applause in the middle of points and as the speakers continues to make the point. No pause for the roar, or raised voice to talk over."
It's almost like they are trying to piss us off more.
Spread it on social media. we the protesters in philly are watching and waiting.
How much more can people take of the DNC. Everything they do keeps on making themselves look worse. Stand up people. Don't let them take it from you. Don't let them take your signs and nothing. You need to stand up you need to fight you need to take back this election.
Fucking incredible, after all the scandals this week they have the guts to take away our signs and our voices.

And yet they talk about how bad Trump is when they build a expensive fence around the convention to denie Bernie supporters.
At the old age of 61 I am totally embarrassed by what has become of our political system.  Most of us were brought up being taught that in this country anyone can become President.  Well, I will NEVER EVER tell another one of my students this boldface lie.  You can only become President if you are rich enough to finance your own campaign and/or the party machine will bestow upon you their permission.  That in addition to the fact that you lose all your rights to free speech when you enter venues which are run by those parties.  Because it is not a "public" venue they have the right to silence you.  Bullshit...I am so disgusted.  A few months ago there was promise....hope....and the possibility that a movement could change all of this.  However, the process was manipulated and all that faded away.  The only thing that gives me any pleasure at all is my sincere belief in Karma.  Oh, hark....I think I hear the Karma bus coming.....and it is going to roll a huge lot of individuals over .....beep....beep Wasserman Shultz.....beep beep
um...why are people letting them take the signs? 

I would be fucking livid and 110% refusing.
Fuck the DNC! They are dictators
This is how a democracy is stolen.
Trump: Sure Ted go do your speech, you have some support (I guess)  
Hillary: This is my party!!! Stop spoiling my party!!! I don't care >40% are not my delegates. I won fair an square!!!   

#Unity
I like that people are booing when Hillary is mentioned. 
[Texas threatening to take away credentials if they continue booing and holding up signs.](http://i.imgur.com/WWSwjN7.png)
And John Oliver is worried about Trump acting like a dictator. \_()_/ 
Any delegates reading: do not let anyone take your sign without making a fuss. Try to get cameras and press on you. Scream, resist, etc.
Wow that is insane people paid money for those signs...  There are so many things wrong with that from it being theft, to suppression of free speech..... Are they trying to get a riot .... Cause that is how you get a riot....
It's just getting darker and darker.
CBS commenting how Bernie supporters are "slowly accepting" Hillary Clinton, no mention of DNC demands. Way to guide the narrative. 
Seriously, the DNC appears more fascist than Trump
I'm looking at a screen with a sea of Bernie signs that tells me that is 100% not true.
Fuck the DNC 
How is this acceptable?
I'm on the convention floor as a NY Bernie delegate,  DNC was taking Bernie signs and handing out Love Trumps Hate signs. 
[removed]
Not so sure about that. Just saw hundreds of Bernie signs 
*"US Democracy", "The land of dreams"*...Not anymore...At least not  for me.
So, I looked up the word "unity" and it said nothing about attempting to beat down another person so that they stay under your heel.
The DNC is a mess.
The Trumpeteers started off earlier than us and blew the fuse on their own party before Sanders could. If Sanders has started assblasting Clinton earlier for the piece of garbage that she is, You can bet that Sanders would have been nominated and would be able to take out Trump.

**Let's just be fucking honest with ourselves here, if Hillary is nominated, Trump's got this election. If you think that he could have said anything to end his own campaign, then you've been asleep this past year.**

It'll just take one debate where Trump calls her out on her bullshit and she'll drop like a rock.

Could Trump have done that to Sanders? Nope. But the DNC wants their corporate puppet that they manipulate instead of a candidate who would actually win

At least Trump will make anime great again. I guess I have that to forward too
Different signs for different people. Notice how the stadium is FILLED with Sanders signs now? 
This election keeps getting more and more like WWE.
Remind me again how the RNC was a disaster 
It's interesting that people who were outraged at the RNC for stopping the Code Pink protester aren't upset about this.
Then use markers, lipstick, paper towels, your skin, your voice.
It isn't her convention yet.  There hasn't been a vote.  yea, she will get it, but IT ISN"T HERS YET!

This is how its been since the beginning.  Just pretend there isn't a candidate that got 45% of the vote in a uphill struggle in a corrupt system... The DNC way: just act like that 45% doesn't exist. 
"We trusted you" chants breaking through over Warren.
#WE WON'T VOTE FOR HILLARY
It appears that the DNC hates american freedom and democracy and actively suppresses democratic western values.   Anti-american subversive groups may have infiltrated them, judging by their organizational behavior, it would appear that they are trying to discredit themselves, discredit america, or that they are trying to subvert the american democratic form of government while replacing it with a fake version owned by them and their peers over at their sister convention, the RNC.

they are kind of like those counterfeit handbags, tacky, criminal, and obviously not genuine, but most people aren't super-rich, so they can't buy what they really want and have no other choice.
Why is this not getting up voted. They are taking signs and suppressing free speech! They made Bernie send out texts to not protest and for delegates to stay quiet. DO YOU NOT SEE WHAT IS HAPPENING????
Yeah, if they tried to take my sign I'd go to jail.
It's as if the DNC wakes every morning and asks itself, "How can we alienate Democrats today?"
SHAME ON ANY SANDERS SUPPORTERS WHO ALLOW THIS TO HAPPEN TO THEM OR ANYONE ELSE 

STAND UP FOR YOURSELVES.

DO NOT LET YOUR VOICES BE SILENCED

BE ANGRY

BE OUTSPOKEN

BE AGGRESSIVE

MAKE THEM HEAR YOU AND RESPECT YOUR VOICE

DON'T YOU DARE ALLOW YOURSELVES TO BE CENSORED
Why does it seem like everyone's been neutered? I'm not hearing those boo's, and I barely hear any 'bernie' chants.

Are they being pulled out of the building? Are there bigger plans for when attention is drawn? I'm confused and kinda sad.
I'm a raging conservative, but this right here, unless it specifically says "no signs allowed" is fucked beyond belief. What happens if they refuse to give them up? STAND UP FOR YOURSELVES PEOPLE!
Well, they sure are trying hard to unify the party with stunts like this!
They chose Philadelphia, with a heavily militarized police force, with a history of BOMBING its own citizens, for a reason.  They know they can push and tighten the choke chains as much as they want.  Even if they provoke riots in the streets, they'll be ended brutally and quickly.
This is some goddamn bullshit.  Need a hashtag and I'm too mad to be clever.
what the fuck is this shit? 
[deleted]
It says former presidential candidate under Bernie's name for speaking later. Lol. I wish he would appeal to the superdelegates to vote for him during his speech. 
There are tons of people holding Bernie signs.

It looks like they are handing out "approved" signs (notice all the Bernie signs look the same), and removing unapproved ones that people brought from home. I guess this has something to do with the DNC being broadcast globally. They don't want people holding up signs with dickbutts or whatever.
No fascism to see here.  Nope.
Complete travesty. Please don't go quietly, my friends in Philly.
Bernie chants and boos going on non-stop right now it's great.
Love Trumps hate is such a dumb campaign slogan.
I see tons of Bernie signs wtf...
there are posters everywhere
And Bernie will kiss her ring. He will say we need to unite to defeat Trump. It's horseshit. The facts show who Hillary is. All they have to use is fear and speculation of Trump. "He's a fascist!" Really? Is he the one confiscating signs? Rigging votes? Suppressing free speech?

Hillary is a fucking criminal. She is the bottom of the fucking barrel. And Bernie Sanders will kiss her fucking ring.
I am seeing literally thousands of supposedly 'confiscated' signs on my television. 
This is the Democrat party. They want us to submit. They do not give a tiny rat's ass about what you think or what you have to say. No free speech. In your face corruption and taunting you with it. 

Will not vote for Hillary. Never her. Fuck the DNC. I'm getting even by voting for Trump. You can say what you want but no way in hell I reward this behavior. 
That's free speech!
My message to you, Bernie delegates, is they can take away your Bernie signs, but they can never take your middle fingers.
This is absolutely disgusting. 
Any footage of Hillary's supporters at the 2008 Convention?   Would be interesting to see their behavior.
So much for party unification 
Anyway to get the guys on TYT this info?  They are on live now.
Dictator in chief. 

What a fucking mockery of our democracy.
Shit, the Bernie supporters are getting started early.. Get Paul Simon on now!
I think you can relax, OP. There are a lot of signs being shown.
They gave them new signs before Bernie spoke. That's why you see more now
They also just gave out Bernie signs.
http://imgur.com/a/nIS8L ?
Yea guys sure looks like nobody has Bernie signs out there.
Wow.  That's horrific! 
This is infuriating!
Look how tiny that sign is. How petty can they be?
...really? I mean, I'm watching right now (during Sarah Silverman) and there are a ton of Bernie signs on display?
You guys know you can watch the DNC on C-SPAN uncut right? 
Hmm so far the Democrats have been acting more like the dictator they claim Trump to be.
[deleted]
Why are the idiots complying?
Excuse me, but why would they hand it over? I'd tell him to go fuck himself.
Registered Libertarian here.  
You Democrats need to make a statement against the current Democratic party! Your party is a shit-show. I left the Republican party over much much less.  
I'm admittedly leaning towards Trump right now. I hope a non-career politician will shake things up a bit. 
I'm not a democrat, or a bernie fan whatsoever, but this is insane. 

This is it kids, this is how freedom dies. 
bernie will bend the knee and support her reguardless, hes lost my vote for this year fuck the dnc competently 
when the DNC built a wall around the stage to stop bernie supporters from russhing the stage, you know that's unity...

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CoPQZgYWcAAnqPu.jpg


Not only did the DNC rig the primary we can't even support the guy we voted for. This party is disgusting. As soon as Hilary gets officially nominated I'm filling out the form to leave the party.
And everyone just sits down and accepts this instead of telling these pricks to fuck off and then causing a riot.
A riot is the language of the unheard. -Martin Luther King
The Democratic Party.

Of the corporation, by the corporations, for the corporations.

And what more corporate ticket can you get than Clinton/Kaine?
Man the msm is really driving the Russian narrative hard tonight.
Damn the presidential election system in America is totally rigged. Shame on you American politics. May God be with you Americans. Your future seems bleak. 
The most embarrassing thing democrats are guilty of is not realizing what electronics are capable of in 2016
Come on, Bernie supporters! This is your chance! Fight back and don't put up with this crap. This is your America and the entire country is watching the DNC.
The olympic committee may be corrupt but at least they ban cheaters when they are caught instead of unifying behind them.
Is..is this shit really happening?
Going to be some loud chants against Bernie I bet. Warren getting the "we trusted you" treatment now. 
Bernie signs are being handed out just as Michelle Obama signs were earlier.
There were tons of people waving Bernie Sanders signs on camera when he went up to give his speech
Is DNC secretly colluding with Trump? Because all they are doing right now is ensuring his victory. How can  they be so fucking dumb?
Bernie Sanders supporters are learning what Ron Paul supporters learned 4 years ago. The Republicans pulled the same shit with Ron paul, and they probably tried to do the same shit to Trump this year, but he somehow managed to get past it due to the fact  the media was so sure Hillary would crush him in November that he got the most coverage. Except its all blowing up in their faces because Hillary is such a corrupt shill that the prospect of a Trump presidency somehow seems like it would be more honest. 
What a fucking disgrace.
First they came for the signs . . . 
"Democratic" part carries out censorship. When you cut off a person's tongue, his words matter even more. They just invites more fuss to be made
"Democratic Party" is just a brand name. 
Doesn't this sub remove any posts endorsing other candidates?
Welp... time to drop this joke of a party and register independent. Later, dems.
For those confused by the signs now: The DNC specifically said do not bring in outside signs or placards into the convention since this is a internationally broadcasted event. They confiscated those outside signs and twitter jumped the gun and called foul without understanding what was going on. When Sanders was about to speak they passed out matching convention Sanders signs. 
[deleted]
Dat Unity
Jesus. I hope there's some hold outs. I hope they drown these fucking speeches with chants for Bernie every night. This is fucking bullshit.
For the sake of your future do not be complacent, do not let the DNC and Clinton cow you into a vote you will regret. 
everyone should hide their new signs under there shirt tomorrow, they will be checking upon entrance going forward and confiscating before people even enter now
I noticed some people have "Feel the Bern" written in blue- the same color as the "stronger together" sign so you can't see it. Is it possible that they made them trade these in for the stronger together?
Private corporate convention employees private corporate goons. The voice of the peasantry isn't welcome.
Force corruption upon us and watch as we all Bern.
They didn't think they shot themselves in the foot enough already... just had to keep going. RIP democracy 
Can Anybody Explain Why One Should Vote for Hillary Clinton without Mentioning Donald Trump?
How long until progessive voters move to  burn the party to the ground and start again and say  unity be damned. Lose the battle but look to win the war.
Tell me again about fascism.......
So how about alllll those Bernie signs that were flying high when Bernie took the stage?
And then they gave out signs for Bernie when he talked...
What Sarah Silverman just did was absolutely awful. Trying to publicly shame Bernie supporters live on national TV after complaining about "4 year old behavior".
CNN: "The signs are gone, the 'Bernie, Bernie, Bernie' chants have died down..."

DO NOT LET THEM GET AWAY WITH IT.
They literally passed out Bernie signs tonight but ok s4p...

What an echo chamber. I encourage you all to unsubscribe at this point guys, this sub is bad for your mental health.
[removed]
I ADMONISH THE DNC!

YOU ARE ADMONISHED!
After the DNC emails, and the shenanigans already being pulled on day 1 of the convention, I really hope none of you are even considering giving your loyalty to Hillary Clinton or the Democratic Party. 

It's obvious the Democratic Party don't give a shit about you guys, and they're basically flaunting in it in your face and goading you to do something about it.

Well, **this is your chance to do something about it**.

I'm a Trump supporter, and I'm really looking forward to watching this clusterfuck of a convention unfold. But man, I feel bad for you guys; it's clear that the DNC never wanted Bernie to win, and I'm sure they're either threatening him or bribing him to keep him in line. As much as I think Hillary stole the primary, if she's elected in the general, it'll be because of berners who default to Hillary because of the "Trump is worse" narrative.

We have a common enemy now, with a lot of financial and political backing behind her. You guys want to see change? So do we. You want to see a non-establishment President? So do we. It might not be Bernie, but shit he'll be a lot better to you than this witch.

Who are these weak spined people? Cause a fucking scene. Yell, get detained. Be escorted out in goddamn handcuffs. In droves. Make the headline "Every Sanders Delegate Removed From Convention In Handcuffs". 

We didn't fight this long and this hard to tuck our tails between our legs and fall in line. Have the phantom scrote to stand up for your rights. 
As a trump supporter, so much ammo for later on  as an American...I'm very upset and concerned 
i thought you weren't allowed to bring signs or wear clothes that support one of the nominees anyway
Completely serious. From now on, if someone was to tell me they are a democrat, it's safe to assume they no morals.
> How can they demand they be quiet when there hasnt even been a nomination vote yet. Bernie delegates are getting screwed.

- ElephantManatee
[deleted]
This is freedom of speech?

Today I weep for America. 
Lol, do people, *just let them take it*?
LOOK at me. I am the divided party now.
Unified in the same sense that you and a mugger are unified about you handing over your wallet at gunpoint.
Well that looks like censorship to me.
Total disgrace and far from a sign of unity.
Sanders should have run as an Independent from the start.  Well maybe.  Exposing this corruption  - no, he is not exposing this corruption.  Guccifer2.0 and Assange are.  Sanders is BARELY reacting to it.  I am seething here, as I imagine most of us are, but Bernie seems to have mostly thrown in the towel to Hillary.  Even Wasserman-Shultz' resignation appears only to be a ruse, as she now appears to be moving to Mrs. Clinton's right hand, odds on to some future cabinet position or other high reward for being Bonnie to Hillary's Clyde.  

We must call for the HRC ticket to be denied the White House.  HRC and her DNC leadership cronies belong in prison, but we know that nobility of that status never face that threat, but at the very least, deny these criminals the prize they have done everything they could without any concern for right and wrong to seize, the Presidency of this wonderful country.  Allowing such a travesty would be a strong slap in the face of the core principles of our democratic republic, and its core systems.
"Democracy" 
Somewhere along the way the DNC forgot what Democracy means.  
Fuck them for doing this, seriously.
DON'T GIVE UP YOUR SIGN. STAND UP FOR YOURSELF!
The DNC is playing god 
Funny how quickly people submit
Lol! Democracy and free speech has no place in the DNC.
Forget it, Jake. it's Chinatown.
Bernie doesn't want them to do it. 

Is that legal?
Didnt Hillary supporters have her sign at the convention in 2008?
I mean, the whole world knows they were against him from the start now. They could either defend their integrity or just let the world know they don't give a rat's ass. Not surprised how that turned out.
" democracy "

yeah, right..... if you say so
**RISE UP AMERICA**
They also built a wall and are checking IDs.
r/politics and r/squaredcircle might as well merge at this point. 


"IT'S STILL REAL TO ME DAMNIT." 
-Clinton supporters and wrestling fans.
I'm a sanders supporter. But why is it all the ones on tv are so obnoxious? I mean making a point is awesome, but there is a way to do things, you do them and beat them senseless at there own game.
Why not just hide the signs and get them out during Hillary's speech, and promptly boo her? 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwsB1VP6mVs

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8JBUktSxvQ

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U0u-OB7ztMg


820pm cst and I still see bernie signs
The democracy and free speech stuff are only allowed when they say so -depending on how you want to vote and what you want to say.
absolutely unacceptable. 
Did they just take all the Bernie signs away and replace them with Green signs? 
What a bunch of bullshit
Ironic, they're actually suffering from the forced redistribution of property.
I can't believe how the whole corruption of the DNC supporting Clinton from the outset is just being glossed over or whitewashed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0gxto0QRBk
Someone from the UK here, WHAT THE FUCK?!
How can you support her? 
No outside signs for anyone. They handed out "Michelle" signs before Obama spoke and "Bernie" signs before Sanders spoke. 

Cant vote for Hillary...Its Trump now.
I hope Trump wins now.
It's time for civil unrest, people need to throw things, break things riot the streets at this point 
Why are you letting this happen? Shit why are any of us letting this happen? 

When is enough enough ?
Don't be surprised it's just the totalitarian left in action.
So, I am just guessing but I think people might be over this whole "support Hilary" thing.  

What's really crazy is if she supported Sanders policies, Sanders probably wouldn't even be running.  If her platform mirrored Sanders', she would be a 20 point lead over Trump and would be a slam dunk choice for president.
This is such bullshit. I'm watching right now and there's Bernie signs all over the place.
Give me one indication that Hillary is going to do well for the people.
I WILL NEVER VOTE FOR HILLARY!! IF BERNIE CAN'T WIN THEN I WILL VOTE FOR TRUMP!!
Bernie supporters are being so childish. It's pathetic. 
Let me guess, this comment will be removed in a few minutes because it is irrelevant...
This is beyond unacceptable. This is pure, unadulterated violation of every illusion we may have had of what democracy is supposed to be.

This is absolute oligarchic rule, with active suppression of democratic activity. It's about time that we are waking up to the thievery of the Democrats. We already knew the GOP was doing stuff like this. It's time we take off the blinders and realize the Dems are not even a slight improvement over them.

Let's wake up. We don't have to choose between a fascist and neoliberal corruption. We, the People, are going to struggle and fight *by any means necessary* for a WORKING CLASS PARTY. A party of and for the masses, to bring the struggle of WORKING PEOPLE, WOMEN, MINORITIES, and INDIGENOUS PEOPLE into one, powerful struggle.

We are the working class.

We are the People.

We are the engine of history, and from this point on, let it be said that we've woken up.

It's time to take the phrase, Political Revolution, DEAD serious.

BERN IT DOWN!
I know I'm stating the obvious...

People need to turn it up all the way to 11. Chant, Boo, Hold your signs high...they can't kick all of you out. It's now or never, this is it...this is the moment. 

The push with Sara and Al was a decent start but it needs to be more, it needs to be unshakable and relentless. Make it known every second of every minute of every hour. 

This is it. 
You guys going to act like Bernie isn't talking sense right now?  This is real life folks. I donated and will fulfill my ongoing donation because I believe in what Bernie is doing and believes in. And I want to see it all happen.

But I'm with her.  For all the reasons he's giving us right now.  Are you guys revolutionaries or anarchists?
Think about this: the dnc just had an illegal alien speak. They value the opinion of a non-citizen over the opinion of an American Bernie supporter. 
Bernie took away his own signs by backing a corrupt candidate with decades of fraud and abuse under her belt.

When you hold principles, and make them the core of your campaign as unbreakable, in which you say NO more to the establishment and the corruption, you do not in turn SUPPORT THAT CORRUPTION.

Sorry, "Trump" is not an excuse for abandoning your principles that millions looked to you for. 

Bernie has sold out, and took a giant shit on everyone that supported him. The green party invited him over, he could of kept the movement going 3rd party. He could of said NO, I will not sit here and accept BLATANT CORRUPTION AND FRAUD, especially from the DNC.

Your funds will now go to Hillary and the establishment. Anything you cared about, any reform you thought would happen, will not occur with Hillary.

He has betrayed everything he stood for. This sub needs to close down and move on to who ever else you feel represents your views. 

And before the shills reply, no, I don't care if you come over to Trump's camp. Go to Stein, go to Johnson, I don't care. But Bernie needs to fade away as the loser he is.
Dude, Bernie Sanders himself has asked for his supporters to stop pissing off the DNC
Hillary Clinton is the true fascist in this election.
Guys, have some pride. Don't let them trample your hopes and dreams. Get back at the establishment by voting Trump. With him in office, their reckoning will come.
Not true! Bernie signs are everywhere! Please stop with the splitting us apart!
Welcome to the real world folks, as a right leaning moderate for years I have seen how disgusting the media is when it comes to the GOP.  Constantly misrepresenting facts, being complete attack dogs on the GOP while barely covering any DNC scandal

I'm sure all of you will remain left leaning moderates to full on tree hugging hippie lefties...but at least now maybe you understand how biased the media is when it comes to anything the DNC opposes.

Hopefully this will open your eyes...

PS... for all of you that think Bill Clinton was impeached for lying about a BJ...well I get a kick out of informing so many young democrats who thought this was some crazed GOP witch hunt

* Bill Clinton was accused several times of sexual harrasement and even rape (in the 70's) before becoming President.

* Bill Clinton was accused by a former intern of his from when he was Governor for pressuring her into having sex with him while she worked with him

* Bill became President while the latest case slowly moved through the court system

* Eventually they reached a point where they were doing depositions.

* Under oath, the sitting President of the United States of America, during a deposition about accusations of sexual harassment, LIED....

* Trump was asked if he was currently sleeping with any of his interns as the case was he was accused of pressuring interns into sleeping with him.  He said no, and they specifically asked about Monica Lewinski, (as there were rumors), he again said no.

* After the deposition came out, Clinton was accused of lying under oath.  SO what does Bill do, he goes on TV and says to all of America "I did not have sexual relations with that woman"...

* In interviews Clinton paints Lewinski as a unstable woman who stalked him

* Lewinski brings out the dress with his gizz on it proving he is lying about her.

And what does the media have to say about all this...

The GOP is going after Bill for simply getting a blowjob...those prudes
Still voting Hillary over trump if it comes to it. 
Bernie still supports the DNC and Hillary Clinton.
Do you want even more people to leave the Democratic Party? Because that's how you get more people to leave the Democratic party.
[deleted]
I feel terrible for Sanders supporters. This is the opposite of what our country is meant to stand for
Fight the corrupt DNC!

Fuck the DNC. 
Hillary has just been endless scandal since the moment she announced her candidacy. I just don't understand why the Democrats are running someone who can't go one week without a new scandal or issue. I want a candidate I can look at and not feel like I swam through shit creek just minutes ago.
Im Canadian, and I'm just baffled watching this stuff happen. Ive been doing some phone banking to support Bernie but I just can't fathom the political system in America right now.

These people run the western world and can't let the people vote for who they want without trying to illegally influence them. 

- rant over
I'm currently impressed at the pacifism of American citizens. I'm pretty sure that if something this blatant happened in many other places, there would've been violent conflicts already. I mean... Isn't this the actual reason you guys got a second amendment? 
Make a scene when they try to take your sign, yell and scream if you have to. Get a camera pointed at you and more people will see what is truly going on
#PLEASE HELP!!!! DNC CHANGED THE ROLL CALL TO EARLY IN THE MORNING AND DIDNT TELL ANY SANDERS DELEGATES SO THEY MISS THEIR CHANCE TO VOTE!!! WE MUST GET THE WORD OUT! DNC DID THE EXACT SAME THING IN NEVADA! PLEASE HELP! 
#THE SECOND AMENDMENT PROTECTS THE FIRST!
What? This video literally proves nothing. Put the pitchforks away.
WE WANT BERNIE. SCREW YOU DNC
As an Independent voter that supports Trump this is absolutely disgusting. Suppression.
I am from Canada and I am a Bernie supporter but if your American system is rigged for Hillary than you need to change that in the future. If Bernie supporters do not vote for Clinton than you will be making a BIG mistake. You can not let Trump become your president. Your country will never be the same and the rest of the world will be laughing at you. He is the worst person that can be imagined to be the president. I am so thankfull I live in Canada and I feel very sorry for those of you who struggle with this election. Obama was a great president and our country respected and admired him. It is unfortunate though that your country doesnt understand the division of church and state. I hope for the best for you all. 
I really don't understand how any Bernie supporter can possibly justify supporting her. I've heard all the rhetoric and I'm really not concerned about Trump. I honestly believe we'd have 4 years of nothing if he gets elected. No one will work with him and we still have checks and balances, he will not be a dictator despite the Hitler claims. If Hillary is elected nothing will change. Corrupt politicians that never suffer consequences, deals made behind closed doors that do not benefit the American people, and a continuation of policies that made it so 90% of the wealth growth in this country goes to the 1%. "Muh Supreme Courts" does not get to me either. There is already a liberal majority and I don't believe in a party line court. What would be the point of it? Isn't the SC supposed to be impartial? The voices of the people were suppressed, your right to decide was taken from you. Why you would just bow down to those that did this to you is beyond me. I'm not saying vote for Trump, I'm just saying don't give in to what the DNC has become.
This time next year we'll ask for all the democrats to show up on the border and cry again so that we can use their tears to mix the cement for the wall. 
ITT: Trump opportunists trying to kiss our asses into voting for him by acting like they are Bernie supporters. Don't fall for this shit.
Tbh, they are kind of being dicks. All they are doing is meanlessly booing down everything, no matter what it's about. If they're being incredibly disruptive and rude, they deserved to be thrown out .

If you could use your voices for something other Than childish booing you'd actually accomplish something. 
Also, there are tpp signs and people wearing green Peter Pan looking hats. What is that about?
Yeah, after the events if this week I can say pretty surely that I can't vote for anyone this (or frankly either) party is propping up.
Yeah for sure its not for any other reason than being a Bernie sign, oh wait, he is also holding an anti-TPP sign that you can see him holding. Maybe the explanation is that they are in violation of another rule and just happen to be Bernie signs since there are still people with Bernie signs and anti-TPP signs there? But no its all corruption and them against us.
[removed]
They're handing out their own signs so we modified them https://twitter.com/regated/status/757690019138117632
This surprise anyone? This is probably the most gentle thing they've done in awhile.
What a joke and what a mess. I feel bad that the Bernie delegates basically spent money and travelled to Philly just to get treated like shit (but what else is true, coming from the DNC?). It stings equally hard that Bernie is no longer sticking up for them since the goal is to elect Not-Trump now.
An attempted coup in Turkey, a coup in the Democratic Party.
I thought this was the land of the free?!?! 
If someone dared take my sign from me like that, I'd smash them in the nose.
Democratic Nationalsocialist Congress.
Dictators take away free speech. Dictators take away guns. Dictators collude with the media.
I can't wait for this to get bloody. 
This is disgusting. This is fascism. They are taking away their voices, confiscating their free speech. Hillary is terrifying. Where is the Bernie I used to know...
Rubbing salt in the wound lmao
I don't suppose they are taking Hillary signs away too?  
This is how it starts. 
You know, I used to be a patriot. But all of this, this is discouraging. 

Isn't this theft?
And their dignity..this is the democratic party.
If the tweet is true, I can't believe the DNC is that stupid.  
Archerian logic.  

"Do you want to create more tRump supporters?  
Because this is how you create more tRump supporters"

(I am definitely not a tRump support btw)
they want u all to forget that u can write in bernies name 
They showed a guy in a suit arguing with a woman with tape over her mouth saying "silenced by the DNC" on it. The guy looked like an usher and they cut away pretty quick, but I think they were making her leave. This was on MSNBC. Anyone have a video?

Fucking democracy in action!
This feels like im watching a shitty reality tv show, ugh
Tell em to go eat a bag of dicks 
Are they playing applause over the loud speakers there?  
This post has made it to 5,000 up votes and has been posted on the twitter account @Reddit5000!
						
To see the tweet, check here: https://twitter.com/Reddit5000/status/757739739717865472

^You ^can ^find ^all ^5,000 ^posts ^here: ^https://twitter.com/Reddit5000

^, ^7,500 ^posts ^here: ^https://twitter.com/Reddit7500

^,And ^10,000 ^posts ^here: ^https://twitter.com/Reddit10000
						
^(I'm a bot, don't worry about supporting me (I don't cost much)^), ^(but you can support )[^charity](http://freethoughtpedia.com/wiki/Secular_charities) ^and [^science!](http://www.sens.org/)
Tell them to fuck off...
YOUR FIRST AMENDMENT RIGHT IS NO GOOD HERE.
Feel that Bern
Is it sad that I'm not even surprised this is happening? Pretty sad to see how much of a sham democracy in America has become.
And why is everyone so passive about this?
https://www.reddit.com/user/slayeromen take a look at his post history and see how he is deciding what we can and can not see, there is no shortage of mod censorship that happens on this sub.
Could it have anything to do with the people booing every time the party's chosen candidated name is mentioned?
sheep
How can people still have respect for Bernie honest question because I don't understand
Watching the convention and seeing people given signs saying Stronger Together... 
This discussion seems to suddenly be off the front page.
The people willingly giving them up are weak and deserve to have their signs taken away. Fighting for something means fighting all the time, not just when it's convenient. 
On the floor an anchor said a moment ago...

"There were lots of boos and animosity on the floor. But that seems to have subsided now."

YEAH! BECAUSE THEY ARE THROWING OUT THE DISSENTERS! 

Some fucking democracy we have here.
It's like they are challenging us to vote for trump or something.
Rapist and Child molester Currently getting booed for saying she is a Bernie supporter voting for hillary
In all fairness, are they removing Hillary signs as well?
[removed]
Props to the guy on camera on PBS that wrote over his Hillary sign. He didn't cross anything out, but the whole sign read

> US NOT ME
STRONGER
TOGETHER
FEEL THE BERN

The cameraman cut away from him as soon as the black ink became clearly visible on the blue sign.
WE HAVE ALL DIED AND GONE TO POLITICAL HELL
The guy on cnn just said, " it's much different from this afternoon the Bernie Bernie chants have stopped"
Unhappy? Change your damn party affiliation! 
CSPAN has the raw audio
You 
 You. I have a
This shit seems way too obvious. Like blatantly thrown out there to distract us from something.
Noooooooooooooooooo
Sure hope you didn't bring all your signs on day one, was great to see you on tv. 
It's clear the people are much happier with Bernie, in general, at the convention. There would be so much more excitement.
Democracy 
They're not including berners which is what they really need to do. They're bragging on Clinton and taunting berners. 
You all are heroes!
Ironic that you're seeing hillary signs all over the place. 
Welp there goes front page
So how can you guys change the subs name?
Doing the devil's work.
What the fuck? I've never seen anything like this.
Censorship on twitter? I am dumbfucked.
We are all living in a manufactured mirage. Yaaaay!
This is the craziest election season.
Land of the free, home of the brave.  If you are white, rich and backing the correct candidate. Shockingly disappointing.  
Why won't he fight if his name is on the nomination? This speech is breaking my heart in so many ways. Clearly he should be president, he is most fit for the job. Let's just hope he runs again in 4 years....
DNC: Seriously, you don't want people to have *signs?!*  You do know there are *other* things they could have brought that you'd like a lot less, right?  Things they probably *will* bring once you strip away their ability to express themselves peacefully....
They will procreate overnight.
Based on the fraud in the DNC, is there a procedure to throw the primary election results entirely?
Don't really care,  Sanders sold us out. 
How is this Democratic?
Is that what the video was showing, that's not what I saw. 
Did Bernie ask tonight if people would vote for him tomorrow ?
Anyone else feel like Hillary watched Scandal and just took notes? This election is playing out as if it were written by Shonda herself. 
This along with all the other obscene behavior from the DNC cannot go unpunished. Sanders supporters, vote for Trmp if Sanders doesn't get back into the race and receive the nomination. Hillary is going to get annihilated by Trmp in November, period. She doesn't have a snowballs chance in hell, so in order to prevent a Dem loss Sanders needs to be the nominee. If he refuses drop him, vote Trmp, and try again in 2020 in a far more fair fight than we got this time around. 

Adamantly disregard those who argue otherwise and carry on with steeled resolve. Apologize to nobody and don't *EVER* allow yourselves to be condemned or censored. Enough is enough, we can't and won't lose. 
I'm done with this god damn fucking party. 
Not sure I could hate these people more.
"Well, after the wikileaks accident it's not like we've got any reason to pretend the election wasn't rigged."

- Probably somebody from the DNC
Anyone notice half the Bernie signs at the convention have been redesigned in the form of Hillaries Campaign, same font and lite blue color.. 
Can we get a mirror or something since the tweet was deleted?
The Tweet's been removed  anyone got a mirror?
That's ridiculous!
I guess we're going to ignore that they [were clearly prohibited](https://www.demconvention.com/delegates-logistics/security/) and all non-swag signs were confiscated.
https://twitter.com/woodruffbets/status/757768391105077248

Oh my!!! Now they are handing out Bernie signs for his speech coming up next!!! See they are nice to everyone...
I`m just seeing some guy being handed some signs... how do you know that this has been ordered by the DNC?
If this were happening anywhere else in the world, the U.S. would be thinking of invading.
Fuck Sarah Silverman by the way.
Give up the signs. Tomorrow bring weapons. 
As a Trump supporter this is totally fucked 
Taking unfavorable signs... Editing footage for crowd reactions... getting pissed at people for not liking their hand picked face?

Is this the fucking WWE?  Is Vince McMahon booking this election cycle?!
It's like they didnt just get caught rigging a primary and then this happens. How fucking stupid is the left?
You are free to support whoever you'd like. As long as it's the right person.
Go to Jill Stein for President.  She could use the help of Berners!
Don't you understand, the problem here is not endemic corruption by a neutral party resulting in the stifling of democracy, the *real problem* is your protesting to highlight this point.
Is there any chnace Bernie can be president 
Guys, seriously, stop being ridiculous! 
Watching Eva Langoria, now Corey Booker on tyt live feed ...

.. this insincere ra-ra crap is lipstick on a pig - it just hilites how important, substantive and relevant Bernie Sanders policies are in comparison .. 

... and how evil the subversion of democracy [ by DNC DWS and the 1% democrats] has been over the course of the campaign.  

The US and the world do not want #ClintonCash and more #OilWars they want something done about #BlackLivesMatter #Poverty #Education and #ClimateChange

I call bullshit on this scam.  
Because taking away their voice will automatically bring their votes, right?
Jill has my vote fuck both the RNC and DNC.
This thread just got purged from the front page.
Wow this is getting *bad*.

And people still say Trump is Hitler.
If you hate both the dnc and the RNC,  why vote for them at all? We've seen the corruption on both sides, it's not gonna change if we constantly give them our votes, no matter what. If you haven't realized, you give them the power to do this shit by giving them the votes. Don't vote blue or red just to vote for them don't think of the lesser of two evils. Both of these people are equally evil. There is no doubt about that. 

Hillary supporters can argue how ever they want but they are blind to the fact she raped democracy. She's sexist, racist, and practically the same in behavior to trump, she just puts on a mask everytime there is a camera. You don't like either canidates, or partys, then don't give them your votes in November. 

Tell them that corruption will not stsnd. We as a nation outnumber theses Corrupt oligarchs ten to one. We do not have to give them our votes yet we do because it's what we think is right or the norm. No, it shouldn't be. We live in a Democratic society. They do not get to bend the rules of it.
Seems like freedom of speech only applies when you aren't pointing the people that are in charge on their shit. 
DNC is literally hitlwr
The DNC has to know that this election cycle is a total loss. We had one chance to get it right, and now that chance depends entirely on a hail Mary at the convention... if and when we lose, we basically hand over the highest office in the world to the biggest douchebag in the world, or Donald Trump. 
Have you learned NOTHING from the Obama administration? 

One man can't change EVERYTHING, in America. The system is supposed to prevent that...even if Bernie won, it would the same shit, different day. 






how about win the damn election AND continue the revolution!
This is disgusting. You guys should be treated better than this. 
I know the USA's problems pale in comparison to those of many other countries, but this is a frightening load of crap. It's like the DNC was like 'Guys we gotta figure out how to manage all the dissent out there. Oh, I know, let's outrage everyone who isn't one of our sycophants!'
Democracy is action, folks. 
you guys were all suckers.
Um...I just watched the entire convention (day 1) and there were literally thousands of Bernie signs, even before he spoke, being waved around. I noticed every speaker had signs in the audience so I'm assuming the DNC gave them out, maybe for uniformity and better aesthetic (not saying that's a great reason, but I could care less). People probably did have outside signs taken from them, whether or not they were for Bernie, but then they were GIVEN Bernie signs to wave as well. So you can't really say the DNC was trying to "silence" anyone. Did anyone actually fucking watch the convention, or did you all already know this and are mad anyways? Are you just looking for a reason to get mad?
This election is so crooked I am actually HOPING for a replay of the DNC of 1968.  Riot in the streets and make our voices heard by the establishment 1% who are screwing us.  I am so sick of this.  I will never support HRC.  
I can't get a video to play just a still image. Are we sure it's not just people being disruptive and yelling during the speeches that this is happening too? It is pretty disrespectful to be chanting during someone's speech. 
Have you guys ever considered converting to Republican? Your party is a shit show. 
The crowd is shouting "Warhawk" during Cory Booker's speech. 
I think it's time we introduce a third party to this "democracy". 
There's something wrong with a party who has so many times to Hollywood. Hollywood hypocrites
And Trump just won.
[removed]
Where are the MODs? Trump spam is happening here, they're saying we should vote for him because Clinton shouldn't be elected, fair enough, but then they complain the majority of Hillary supporters are only voting for her because they don't want Trump, not because they support her ideas, it may be true, but where's the difference between voting for Trump because you don't want Hillary, and voting for Hillary because you don't want Trump?

Sanders supporters should vote for who they want.
Iomjkokli
why did they give it to them
OMG. Just realized the DNC is the WWE, and Clinton is Roman Reigns. I guess Sanders is Bryan or Punk. 
While I am not American, I truly appreciate Bernie Sander's views on issues. As one may say from my home land, "This is a load of barnacles."
Welcome to America where we have free speech but only if its what they want you to say. 
Are any speakers at the DNC tonight going to speak for Bernie? Or are they all for Hillary...? Why aren't we trying? I understand it's a slim chance but it's not impossible! 
Are you really shocked? This DNC mess is insane Bernie better get the nomination!
... disgusting. 
This is just not right 
https://media4.giphy.com/media/Yl5aO3gdVfsQ0/200_s.gif
I don't watch reality TV because it's fake and manufactured.

Guess why I haven't watched either convention.
If they strip states of delegates that state would lose their fuckin minds.


Fuck this fucking party. Fuck them!!!
So brave
Watching on Pbs and I see plenty of signs.....
Then why do I keep seeing Sanders signs on my television?
I'm so frustrated and I have no clue how to do anything about it...
Well then. There goes the democracy of our country and nobody is doing anything to stop it.
Bill clinton came to my school to campaign for hillary and they handed out hillary signs and handed out homemade looking signs made by them for us to hold. You couldn't bring your own in. My friends and I were shocked
So the First Amendment is not a thing... 
You must vote third party. It is the only way to get their attention so maybe they will clean house.
So what? He sold out. Get over it. Nothing is going to change. The current corrupt party is installing the next corrupt party and Sanders endorses it. Move on! Sanity or ethos are out the door. They are implementing FELON Clinton. Period. Nothing you say or do will change that. How much actual evidence of real corruption do you need to concede that the DNC is awful? I'm done.I'll NEVER vote Democrat, ever again. And you shouldn't either.
God. Some of you are worse than tea-party members.  I am neither a Hillary supporter or a Trump supporter but this video shows absolutely nothing.  Maybe use some common sense judgment before jumping into conclusions saying "democracy is being removed".  You don't know the story of what's going on.  You really don't.  Maybe apply some critical thinking and see why he might be doing this instead of attacking.

What the fuck is taking away a few signs for god knows whatever reason going to do? Seriously?

And that is the absolute death of Hillary's chance of being President.

Good luck convincing someone that Trump is Hitler when you're going the full nazi yourself
Good.  The last thing America needs is a weak candidate that can't even defeat the DNC.  OBAMA got elected over Hillary.  Sanders is being rejected in favour of the side that lost in that election. Can someone explain to me why they shouldn't be taking those signs down given that Sanders has lost and sold out? 
Why did that fuck just HAND it over? 
We all will no longer support a fucking corrupt political party.
Taking signs away is not news worthy to me
So I see fascism is something both parties can agree on.
If you don't vote for Hillary, trump is going to win... May god have mercy on our souls of that happens.
This article claims protesters set an American flag on fire, but AP reports it was an Israeli flag while chanting about the intifada. NYTimes should probably try to get its facts straight with such an accusation.
How dare these peasants insult M"QUEEN?
Please stop her, this election is going to go off the rails if she is nominated
Clever! :)
The complete lack of acknowledgment of the DNC Leaks and apologies for screwing over people who donated their time and money to Bernies campaign is crazy. They're being ridiculous. 
Brilliant! I hope lots of others do the same!
Texas delegation represent!
what did it say before? stronger <what>?
[That's Chau](https://www.facebook.com/chau.lan.ngo/posts/10107927965270920)! Former field organizer in Austin, TX. She has kicked total ass since Day 1. 
Totally awesome!
This needs to go into the history books
Awesome work last night, Berners!

DNC censorship goons: "Our Arrows will block out the sun."

Sanders Delegates: "Then we will fight in the shade."

Paul Simon should have played "The sound of Silence" at the convention. Or better yet "America"!
Thanks for posting this, I caught a glimpse and tried to read it but it was too late!
Stellar!
yasss! 
Another of the heroes in the hall. 
i really liked the light blue signs they gave out
Who is "they". I watched last night and I there were so many Bernie signs I couldn't count them all. She just forgot or didn't bring a sign. 
Omg, love it, and it is sneakily subtle, the MSNBC cameraman clearly did not intend to capture that. 
this is the least enthusiastic I have ever seen him. he just read from a script and walked away.

**Edit**: I have have more proof indicating that he just read from a script, from [this reddit post](https://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/4up3tr/bernie_almost_wasnt_able_to_deliver_his_speech/)
Hey Wikileaks, thanks for coming through just in the nick of time. 
DO I UPVOTE OR DOWNVOTE IM SO EMOTIONAL I DONT KNOW
*screams internally*
Fuck everything about this.
...
True Cowardice 
What does 'suspend the rules' mean?
Wonder if would have done this had delegates voted in favor of him. 
What a fucking coward.
bitchmade rofl
As someone who supported Clinton all the way, I thought this was a great gesture by Sanders.

He lets the delegates from every state have their vote counted; the vote wasn't ended early or anything like that. He showed that he has support. But then he, quite emotionally I feel, gave the same gesture Hillary Clinton did (in a much tighter race) 8 years ago: called an acclamation vote and let her have the nomination "unanimously".

I think this struck a great balance between letting the voices be heard, and pulling the party together.

It seems a few in here unfortunately aren't convinced, don't trust Sanders' judgement, and don't even seem particularly interested in seeing Sanders' policies implemented.
I wonder what they have on Bernie. I remember him saying that he would fight all the way to the convention... 
I guess the flaw is that it centered around one man and one goal. With these numbers of members It can and should be much more than that. Just flooded right now with convention and wiki stuff. Once that dies down i would like to see support to down ballot candidates and pushing progressive ideas. 
Stop it mods we know this is you.... don't close it down big mistake
We can and will go to Political Revolution but many many people have made it abundantly clear that we want to keep this sub alive even with the misnomer. As mods leave, we will request for new volunteers. We have many many good people here and this community far too valuable to be closed down. It can provide guidance, and "how-to" for generations of progressive politics. 
I disagree that Bernie has sold out, maybe he didn't want his grandchildren to have weight training accidents, or he is doing his best to work with no cards. He said at the beginning that we are in an oligarchy, and he wondered if it was too late to turn that around, but he would try. It is too late. Democracy is dead. But I will vote and support third party, as that is the only way forward that I can see. Others will work within the Democratic party. Good fortune to all.
He has NOT sold out. Vote the way you want, but he is doing his best to get the change in the political landscape he is in. The current situation by his assessment cannot be uprooted in a moment. We should be thankful to him just because he ran. He exposed the underbelly and gave us the knowledge. He also showed why and how change is SO hard. If you understand the man, you never give up. Most people here likely NOT vote for Clinton but that. Just because he decided something different does not mean you can call him a sellout. Again, vote for whoever you want, keep fighting for progressive ideas and candidates. That is what Bernie wants us to do. 
Don't be dense.  THINK!!!!!


Please read all.

All these people saying Bernie is a sell out are dumb and I hour they get hit by a car (but like just a broken bone or something). 

I'm sure if Bernie was younger he would be walking out with us but he has a lifetime of seeing politics and is going his way.

It is completely fine to work against Clinton but when. Bernie campaigns for Berniecrats down ticket please support him and those people. 

The truth is Bernie is trying to change the world and since he didn't think he could get the nomination he decided to play nice with the Dems so he could retain the power he gained and help elect people who share his views. That is extremely selfless and incredibly brilliant.

He is doing everything right. So its fine to hate Clinton, I do, but please understand Bernie is a lot smarter than us in creating this change that has started and we need to keep supporting him.


It's only delayed.
We get to see liberals throw a revolution!
Depends what state and maybe county you are in. You may need to fill out a form or maybe you can just do it online. Google state voter registration change

Edit: PSA to also be aware of the rules and deadlines for your state's next primary. Set a calendar alert now if you're going to need to re-register as democrat for those.
For your state (New Jersey): http://www.state.nj.us/state/elections/voting-information-party-declaration-forms.html
For my state (Ohio): Your party affiliation lasts until the next primary election (of any kind, not just presidential), and you may only change it by requesting a specific ballot in the next primary. Means I'm a Democrat until the 2017 primaries.
I hated Bush and the Republicans.  But the establishment Democrats bother me more.  Because the Republicans support the status quo - it's who they are.  But when democrats have been like Republicans when it comes to issues that affect BIG MONEY (trade deals, bank reform, fracking, etc.).  They are democrats in social issues.  It's really hypocritical.  That's why it has to be gutted.
The families of every Middle Eastern noncombatant we murdered thank you
So basically Hilalry is Trump but far worse! 
Plug for /r/FreePolDiscussion in light of recent mod power tripping

It's a political sub without censorship 
Most recent polls I've seen have that number between 40 and 55%. I'm imagining it's continued dropping after the delegates have been shafted and lied to at every turn.
If the DNC and Hillary keep constantly threatening me with Trump this and Trump that I'm gonna vote for him. I don't take kindly to being pushed into a corner and if the only thing they can find to represent themselves is how bad the other guy is then so be it.
a poll was done showing over 50% will be going green

Green Party,
Trump,
Write in Bernie,
Clinton...

so clinton is deffinatley getting the least votes
Going green here. :(
For my circle, the ones that supported and volunteered for Bernie are considering or supporting Jill now. The ones that voted Bernie but didn't volunteer are going HRC.
DO NOT BELIEVE THE MSM!!! It is 100% a LIE! We will NEVER support Hillary. They just want those numbers out there for when they rig the voting machines again!!
The numbers are everywhere between 10 and 85%. Nobody has the slightest, especially after #DNCleaks
I hate politifact. They are such scum. They claim so many things were "false" or "half true" or so but their articles state something different with evidence provided... but with Hilary so many things are "mostly true" that are "half true" at best.

It's the same kinda problem with meta critic... people pay attention to the final "score" and ignore the actual substance -_-
He said Hillary will root out corruption and bring democracy back to the American people.  PANTS ON FUCKING FIRE
So are we just going to act like the whole "bring it to the convention" thing never happened?
Bernie is the candidate we need not Hillary. 
Not for long. On his speech he expressed how Hillary would be a progressive President. He boasted how Hillary would accomplish his stances on college tuition, healthcare, and how she would be a great president.
If that's not lying then I don't know what is.
except from tonight where he endorsed the woman who represents everything we fought against 
The mods here have banned me from making posts. So just jumping here to say that #1, I want my money back. #2 so I can donate it to Jill Stein. Fuck corruption.
He was.

It stopped with the endorsement.
unless you count that he says Hillary would be a good candidate
Reminder that Politifact is owned by a newspaper that supports HRC. Nice that they treat us with dignity here ;-;
If he keeps up this I'm with her garbage, that pants on fire meter will start creeping!
"In 100 years, Hillary Clinton will be looked upon as the greatest president in all of history." Politifact rates this claim as: True!
FUCK POLITIFACT
look at what they are calling "false"

"Almost all of the polls that have come out suggest that I am a much stronger candidate against the Republicans than is Hillary Clinton." 

"(Texas Republicans) believe in abolishing Social Security, abolishing V.A. health care." 
Except for last night where he tried to tell me Clinton will fight TPP and Wallstreet
What about "White people dont know what it's like to live in poverty"?
his pants will be molten lava after tonights speech
All I can say is....ya think?

Shocker. You mean we have a candidate who says what he believes based on facts instead of saying whatever he thinks will win votes? 
Sweet. Glad it won him the presidency. 
Rhaegar fought valiantly, Rhaegar fought nobly, and Rhaegar died.
<3
love you too. good fight and let's continue the fight
This sub has been like family to me. Much love to everyone. Keep fighting the good fight. 
We're sorry, but your post has been removed. Text posts need to have a direction for discussion in the body of the submission, whether it be your own thoughts or a link to something that supports your title.

We're glad to have you here, don't take this personally!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/SandersForPresident) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Thanks /u/Doctor_Cornwallis for sharing this great quote with us. Had to meme it!
"..d the impending closing of r/BernieforPresident.." mods have floated this and received serious flack for it. We are requesting mods to leave if they want to close it down. We will find replacement mods.This is a place for us created by us. If we close this, it will be a symbolic death of our work. CTR and Trump troll and all the establish want exactly that which is why we oppose it vigorously. 
People won't follow the political opression if yet another venture to voice our concerns and opinions is closed.
Vote your conscience. Fuck the democrats
DNC bloodbath in November. Rig an election and see what happens.
Serves them right
Thanks, good to know!  :)
Only if mods stop being active on Reddit. I don't see that happening for me. I'll be here till the end. 
Make private and then stay active on reddit would be pretty close.

Also, admins probably bend the rules when it favors their views.
Vote third party. Much clearer message.
I agree. I really hated when he started taking about trump. What happened to staying on the issues?
Please remember everything that we have fought AGAINST this entire campaign, and what Hillary stands for before going and voting for the person and party that shafted us
[deleted]
There is nothing anyone can do or say to convince me she deserves my vote. 
My extremely astute economics professor from high school says that Bernie and Hillary redesigned Hillary's personal platform and had her put it in writing so we can keep her in line. The implication in all of this is that Hillary gets presidential glory and Bernie gets a party that works for the people. This man is no slouch, he would teach his high school freshmen students about the corruption of American politics. His lessons allowed me to get behind Bernie 100%. Don't feel disaffected but keep protesting. We can get more out of them yet.
Everyone agrees that Clinton will ignore our values.... This being the case I would rather let Trump win and try again in 4 years.  Supreme court narrative won't keep me from my ideals.  I will not reward what happened this election cycle at the hands of the DNC.
If you're in a dark colored state as I do, I'd vote for Jill.
For the Progressive Left to win, Clinton must lose.

 Apparently this needs a tldr, because 7 pages about the political future of the country is too long for an electorate raised on 30 second sound bites. So, here's the summary:

    Clinton is demonstrably corrupt, as is the DNC machine that got her the nomination, and electing her rewards that corruption.

    With a corrupt and unpopular incumbent, the Democrats lose downticket elections in 2018 and 2020, as well as allowing someone even worse than Trump to take over the Republicans and beat Clinton in 2020.

    The president's party loses seats in the midterms more than 75% of the time.

    Democrats have lost 900 state legislature seats since the reasonably popular Obama was elected, and it'd be much worse under Clinton.

    Republicans need 38 state legislatures to be able to overrule the Supreme Court and change the Constitution and its amendments however they want.

    Currently Republicans control both chambers of the state legislatures in 31 states, and one of two chambers in 8 more.

    If Trump wins, it will be a disaster for Republicans for the same reasons that Clinton would be a disaster for Democrats.

    Trump isn't nearly as bad as he's presented, and his worst excesses would be limited by the leadership in his own party.

    For these reasons, it is imperative that Clinton loses in November, because the alternative is 12 years of Democrat losses. A Trump presidency would be bad but it wouldn't be that bad, but it would lead to 12 years of progressive wins.

    Re:TPP, and Clinton is lying about opposig it.


I'll be nice and say we should all issue this challenge not to Bernie, but to the Clinton faithful.

My best friend has been telling me to get in line behind her for months now. This is only a fair responsibility.

If someone can provide a *positive* reason to vote for Hillary Clinton, then I'll gladly consider it.
I will not vote for Hillary. No one I know will vote for her. 

Does it matter? What makes us think November's election will be honest? They could just rig it again.
Neither Hillary nor Trump would make a good President. There is nothing you could say that would make you want to vote for either of them.

It all comes down to the Supreme Court vacancy(s). Hillary would probably make a better decision there than Trump. Probably. Otherwise I'd say fuck it, vote Green.
Do you guys really not think that Bernie was strong armed?
I agree with your sentiment and find the constant deflection to the other party on issues to be a big part of the problem with our government.  That being said Hillary is the one person I don't think I could ever vote for.  She just owes way too much to too many people for me to trust her to act in the interest of average Americans.  
> TLDR: Bernie, convince me that Hillary is the right person to vote for without mentioning Trump or any other Republicans.

Did you listen to his speech last night?  He basically went through his entire platform and said Hillary now says she supports almost all of it in some form.  

There were compromises of course, instead of "Medicare for all" he got "Medicare for 55+, and a public option for ACA", and "free tuition at public colleges" is only for families that make under $125K. etc.

Look, if you just hate Hillary and will never trust her and will never vote for her, I get that.  I don't trust her either.  But if you are honest about actually looking for something to convince you, the Democrats and Hillary, have actually agreed to support a good amount of what Bernie was pushing for.
I think you need to reconsider your thinking.

> I couldn't care less about a Trump presidency, all I want is progressive change. 

Since SCOTUS has been the final say in a lot of progressive issues in the US for decades now, and the next president will get to nominate at least one justice, if not several, ensuring that the correct person nominates the justices is key to ensuring progressive movements do not get killed in the US.

Trump has already stated who his candidates are, and they're not good. Clinton hasn't yet, but I would think the guy Pres Obama nominated would be her first pick

Since a Trump presidency is the biggest impact of HRC not winning, I don't understand why that is not allowed to be part of the argument for voting for HRC. It's like saying that someone has to convince you to not jump off a cliff, without talking about the splat you'll make when you land.
take a hike with that bullshit.
just filled mine out too!
I've supported democrats for the last 13 years.  I just can't anymore.  

Their the absolute establishment )along with most republicans).  This level of political corruption is the reason America is suffering.  The democrats promise a lot be deliver nothing that actually help because their completely funded by Wall Street and the corporations and foreign interest.  Republicans and Democrats are two sides of the same coin.
Assange is right. It is her style to deflect, misdirect and blame foreign governments than confronting national issues. That's a huge red flag, WWI and II were started because of this sort of shifting blame. Hillary is far too dangerous to be elected presidency.
Assange please hurry. The sooner we can destabilize Hillary the better for the revolution.
thank you for stepping down so you can just lay down so Clinton can walk all over you and all the people that supported you
[removed]
[removed]
I'm a good guy, honest, but.... It's kind of weird to celebrate winning because people didn't know where to go and then expect fairness 
I'm not disputing your friend's report, I just want to understand: How is it possible that Bernie won a pledged delegate vote?
All Sanders delegate will probably never back her after what we have seen.
That is a *horrible* title.
remind them demexit is a thing
First of all. Just because you acknowledge one doesn't mean you shouldn't acknowledge the other. 

These e-mails are absolutely damning for the Hillary campaign and it SHOULD be brought to light.

At the same time, if the allegations of the Russians hacking the DNC ARE true, then that is ALSO a huge fucking deal.

It means the Russians are actively trying to shape the political discourse and in tern the overall direction the U.S. takes. That is incredibly disconcerting no matter what you think of Hillary or Trump or anyone else. 

Especially when in the context that Putin is an ego-maniac. 
Common sense is not very common to Hillary surrogates/supporters.
Perfect diversionary tatics. They are pros
I'm sorry, but a foreign government trying to manipulate our election **is** huge news. I'm not sure why a foreign government trying to manipulate our election wouldn't be news. 

Yes, the emails show what we all knew (and it is damning), but how they came to light is *also* very concerning. 

We don't know why it happened yet. But I had no idea Trump was so closely tied with Russia. **All** of this needs to come to light. Because these are some scary allegations. 

Bernie doubling down on endorsement is a short-term political survival strategy. - If he tells us to do anything but unite and support Hillary - the disunity AND any difficulties in the general election would all have been blamed on Bernie by the DNC/MSM/HRC collective.

This is why he endorsed when he did... he couldn't be seen causing or encouraging any protest or dissent and still cannot... not yet anyway - it's early enough that they could still blame and frame him for it - but right now, they can't, the ammo was taken away from them! ;)
The fire in this sub today is making my heart weep with pride! Feel the gaht damn Bern
Thank you! It's hot here but awesome!
Thank you! Thank you thank you from VA, I can't make it there! THANK YOU FOR REPRESENTING US.
My brother and I are in Philly, the energy is incredible.
Everyone here for Bernie is being so friendly and generous. Once the thunderstorms started, everyone ran to cover underneath the roof of this building next to a CVS, and everyone was watching the rain, and talking to each other, and passing around emergency ponchos.
And then people started bringing food from the CVS and sharing it with everyone. We ended up getting back to city hall by someone offering up 2 free seats in an uber to where their hotel was located.
I'm so glad we came. Everyone is standing against the bullshit establishment together, and I urge anyone who still has the chance to drive to Philly to get your asses over here. You don't get to experience things like this everyday.
I am so hoping that the voice of the people drowns out HRC's voice for a change. It is only fitting considering current the revelations of subversion.  
We need it now more that ever !
We are all counting on you guys!!! DON'T STOP!!
> WAIT A GOOOOOO!!!

For future reference, the phrase is "way to go", not "wait a go".

France is bacon.
Thank you!! The Revolution has begun!!!
The hashtag him not her is being suppressed on instagram. 
I was just in FDR park when a thunderstorm forced us to leave but there were a few hundrend standing in the torrent of rain yelling "hell no DNC we wont vote for Hillary" we joined them and chanted for about an hour, soaked completely while thunder abd lighting flashed and boomed. It was magical. 


Thank you all, from Ireland.
I showed up late today. I think they marched from there to the convention. 
Shout all you like but if your disaffection for the nominee enables enough apathy that Donald Trump wins the election, we'll all be crying on November 9. 

(Not you personally, of course, but if it becomes a reasonable alternative.)

Go take an isidewith.com survey and let me know who's views more closely match yours.
I wish I was there with you guys. You guys and gals have been incredible so far. Keep it up!!!
Thank you brothers and sisters, keep on supporting Uncle Bernie
We're with you. Yell for me.
Thank you! Keep it up!
I agree. Thank you to everyone there representing. Stay safe and keep spirits high! We are with you!
[deleted]
DNC Threatening to take credentials if Bernie signs are brought in tomorrow and the booing doesn't stop. 
Your own candidate is begging you to stop this, asking you as a personal favor?

What is wrong with you? Why can't you see that you built a strong movement, loss gracefully, and go onto the next fight?

All you're doing is destroying what you've all built. 
If I wasn't on family vacation I would of been in Philly right now. I'll try to come the last day if needed! Stay strong fellow Bernies!!! Never ever vote for Hillary. Keep your self respect.
Is fighting for the future of our country handing out the election to Trump? Goddamn some perspective would be nice. The political revolution will be fun with 3 new conservative judges at the Supreme Court.
The hecklers seriously warmed my heart today. I love you guys.

xoxo
got to say im impressed by the tenacity of the Bernie supporters sticking up for their beliefs against outright corrupt Hillary... and this is from a Trump supporter /hugs
It totally reminded me of the County and State conventions here in Las Vegas. It was bananas, just like this. Flipping the county results was such a great feeling.
Serving in Germany so I can't make it out there, Im glad you guys could be there in my stead.
Yeah, why stop being obstinate at this point?
They give me hope every time I hear that "BERNIE" chant.

KEEP IT UP Berners!   You have my support!
THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH FOR REPRESENTING -- stay strong out there!
I would be there if $ and time permitted
You are not a Sander Supporter if you are not listening Bernie fucking Sanders.
Protester here in Philly from Ohio. The air is electric and you can feel the discontent raging through a supposedly unified convention. Talked to several Bernie delegates who have varying theories and coalitions. Although I still doubt there will be a satisfactory conclusion to this mess it is one hell of a rush to participate in a full week of activism and understand the potential history being jumpstarted this moment.
Yeah. keep it up guys! thanks so much. you are speaking for all of us. 
Does anyone know about how many people are protesting? I heard there were 5000 last night
Awesome work! May the Force be with you!
The cause is right and the time is now. Keep fighting. 
i'm part of the reason there aren't a "million" protesters that people were shooting for. i wish i could stop my job and fly there but i guess i will lazily watch from home and at least hope for the best outcome
The intense rain definitely fizzled us out a bit. But hopefully we will be back in bigger numbers tomorrow! 
So freaking hot out here.  Sadly left around 8 due to the thunderstorm that came here, but we were going strong since noon.  Will be there tomorrow!
I was in Philly today. Walked 2 hours under the scorching heat. Thousands of people, amazing croud, lovely people, very positive attitude, but they where pussed off. At one point the police blocked the road with fances so the croud diverted to an other fance and started chanting about how rigged the election was. If anyone wants to ask me anything feel free to go ahead. I'll answer when I have better wifi
Today during the March four Our Lives, we stopped a Mississippi flag. The flag has the Confederate flag in the corner of it. Everyone stopped and chanted for it to be removed. The city removed it. http://www.philly.com/philly/news/politics/dnc/20160726_Mississippi_flag_won_t_fly_in_Philly.html
Thank you stay cool!
People gonna be protesting more tomorrow I hope? :)
Did Bernie ask for the delegates vote tomorrow ?
Since the sub has been temporarily suspended, I'll just leave this here. I **adore** this woman with all my heart, she moved me to tears with her passion.

https://youtu.be/ozDeQTB0LIs
We're here!!!
I wish I was a Bernie delegate !!! I'm so proud of our Bernie delegates !!! The DWS protest at the FL delegate breakfast was democracy in action!!!

Keep fighting. Keep booing. Keep protesting. Stay visible. More signs. TV coverage is showing Bernie signs. 

VOTE FOR BERNIE !!!
Yes keep it up!!!
Thank you all! Be our voice!
Everyone is going to lose their voice by the end of the convention
Yes! Please keep fighting to elect Trump, we need to stand up to the billionaire class
But on the other side they say a vote for Bernie/Jill/GaryJ is a vote for Hillary. So you can choose to view it either way. 
Soooo sick of it. Now I just block it out.

Something struck me during that HRC 60 minutes interview - she likes to brag that she got more votes than Donald Trump. So there you have it, she seems to think that those voters are enough. She doesn't need us, she already basically beat Trump. I was never voting for Hillary anyway, but I don't feel guilty at all about turning my back on the party that spit in my eye.
I usually just say "Oh really?  Okay, guess I'll vote directly for Trump rather than third party if that will make you happier."  Of course I won't, I can vote for either major party nominee in good conscience.
I think it's more, a vote for Hillary is a vote for Trump because the DNC establishment doesn't care she will lose.....unless the Republicans help her cheat. Hillary supporters  are even so giddy when she gets war mongering republican endorsements.
I've been arguing with family and friends about this for the last few weeks on Facebook. Two days ago, after a long back and forth of me explaining why Hillary wouldn't get my vote, I finally asked them to tell me why I should vote for Hillary without using the words "trump," "republicans," or "Supreme Court." Zero good answers. One even used trump at the very end of his length comment.
Anything that helps Trump get elected is a vote for him. So yes, voting for Bernie in the general election is a vote for Trump. It's how our system works.
Seth Rich
Wait you mean when I got banned from a clinton sub for "false information" for saying maybe the leaks were more important than the country who maybe leaked them I was right? Go figure.
It could have been ANYONE!!!! But it definitely wasn't Russia. That much I know for sure.
I was about to do this, but I don't want them to have my name and email address. I don't want to be on their mailing list.
They know why. I resigned the day they endorsed her and went Green.

He did not have to nominate her in the end. That sucked.
Done. My message: "I'm not going to write an abusive comment. Just know that I've been a loyal and active Democrat for 21 years and this year you not only lost me but you turned me against you. My time and energy will go into building up an opposition party and ensuring that those who support cronyism and corruption in politics are ejected from office. Even if I fail at that, at least I can weaken you by withholding a vote you've always been able to count on. Good luck."
We are so proud of you guys!!! Love - I wish I could be with you. 
OMG!  Look at those millenials acting out and embarrassing the DNC/HRC!
Also available as video clip: https://youtu.be/rviuF9jJAUY?t=50

The writing on the duct tape says "SILENCED BY DNC".
Painters tape.
/r/StillSandersForPres
Thank you for posting this, I was looking all over for it.. They only showed them for a split second.
DNC= FIFA
Did Bernie ask for the delegates vote tomorrow ?
Looks like painter's tape. Big difference.
That dude with the thick magic marker should let the lady on his right make use of it.  Her marker doesn't work very well.  Also, he should get extra points for the duct tape due to that beard.
#PLEASE HELP!!!! DNC CHANGED THE ROLL CALL TO EARLY IN THE MORNING AND DIDNT TELL ANY SANDERS DELEGATES SO THEY MISS THEIR CHANCE TO VOTE!!! WE MUST GET THE WORD OUT! DNC DID THE EXACT SAME THING IN NEVADA! PLEASE HELP! 
[Britta's the worst](https://www.nbc.com/sites/nbcunbc/files/files/styles/1280x720/public/images/2014/9/17/f11ce730039c20874d74f02ce373f951_f387d259e516641bf7ef96bab6d46a19.jpg?itok=qFbBIQ1V)

Sorry.
Might as well make this the official progressive uniform
This is amazing. Keep on keeping on!

I love this image, but that's painter's/blue masking tape. 
Heroes!
Where's a c
To be honest, I don't think the DNC minds this at all.
im a trump supporter and i feel horrible for you guys. its complete bullshit to pretend to be open, fair, and DEMOCRATIC when it came to the primaries, only to realize that bernie never had a chance. i was seriously considering voting for him had he got the nomination. 
Good job.  It's too bad there weren't too many more people like you 
good for them.
Why has no one else commented on this.  This is a huge story we need to force the media to cover
**#DemExit**
There is still away to make the GOP support glass steagall, repealing NAFTA, support Planned Parenthood, and universal healthcare. 

There is a way to move the GOP opposition way left and punish the Dems for moving right.

It may seem wrong but think of it like that.
I was so proud when Bernie called on his delegates last night. We got him those delegates and we brought them to the convention floor. If he had conceded, if we had believed that it was all over after Super Tuesday, it was all over and there was no chance for this crazy idea of progressive values actually making it to the convention. However, the convention is not where this ends. It feels like an end, but Bernie was just the beginning of this new political revolution. One year ago this month, when I first heard about this senator from Vermont, nobody knew he would actually make it this far. Let's not lose our sense of outrage! 
Hopefully most of you can say #SayNoToCorruption as one of the things he taught you.

Then follow through in Nov.
get #NoVoiceNoUnity trending
Yep. It doesn't mean anything.
You're not missing anything, but it's not meaningless either, the platform is still a Public Statement that "This is what we believe" and "This is what we plan to fight for".  It's up to the public to hold them to it.
You are not missing anything. Politicians lie. That is their job.
Someone mentioned that the democratic 2012 platform included getting rid of money in politics... hows that going so far?
Although it doesn't mean these changes will automatically come to effect it is *great* that these issues are being talked about and more and more people are beginning to see how important they are. 

It's an accomplishment because before these primaries and the work Bernie put in these issues would have likely been swept under the rug. Baby steps, kinda
Democrats doesn't need to follow the platform
This is originally what Sanders set out to do which is change the platform. He never dreamed his campaign would catch fire like it did. I have said this in many other threads... I'm not going to tell anyone to vote for Hillary but as a Sanders voter and supporter, you must acknowledge that this is nothing short of a miracle that he was able to sway the platform as far as he has. The platform is predominately for congress mind you and it gives progressive members of the congress much more leverage than they have ever had before. In November we must show up to bring them into the US house and Senate. Vote batman if you must but show up in November and we still have primaries in Florida. Vote Canova if you are in FL-23... vote Grayson (Murphy must NOT be put on the ballot in Nov.) for senate.
I heard an interview today with a delegate who was in the platform negotiations and she agreed that in lauding the platform as negotiated that Bernie was "putting lipstick on a pig."
Yup
I would say it's an accomplishment, but I agree it's a rather trivial one with Clinton getting the nomination.  
Hillary is just one person and when she leaves office in 2020, that's it. Her Presidency will be just as scandalous as her path to it, and every other Democrat in the running will try to distance themselves from it.

That's where we come in. We have four years to shape her primary challenger.
It's as binding as any political pledge. 

And it's still an important step. 
This is what they think of you. Disgusting.
Overall my take is Fuck the DNC. 
Our votes, our movement don't matter to them. They have singlehandedly given Donald Trump the presidency. They have burned down democracy and my faith that we are being given a choice. The DNC voted for Clinton as THE nominee. They just used the fraud to pretend its what we wanted too. I have no democracy. 
A part of me just wants to see this guy's face when Trump is elected president.

Fuck.
I think Bernie Sanders is aware that he doesn't control his supporters anymore after what happened tonight, and part of what he probably did is an effort to rein in the revolution in support of not electing Trump and the rest of it is realizing that this is not something that is going to be solved in one election. 

  The delegates who walked out tonight represent a huge segment of the Democratic party that this commentator is simply ignoring and is dismissing like the rest of the 'mainstream' media and the DNC. They're going to need those people to get Hillary elected, and that section of voters isn't going to be there to help them do that because they're going to vote for one of the other choices on the ballot. 
That old man is incredibly naive. This revolution is about Bernie Sanders. Bernie was a lighthouse bringing us to port. It, for me, was never about the man, but about the idea. We all knew what we wanted, he helped solidify it into a movement. 
Nope. Some will not me.
OMG tone-deaf.  This Sherman guy needs to read some social media about the two people "Bernie Sanders people listen to."

So done with Democrats.
A significant portion won't be. [Mini-rant here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Kossacks_for_Sanders/comments/4uq88s/how_contrived_is_this_already_united_false/)  
  
Evidently there will be an [upcoming Politico article that will be attacking this false narrative](https://www.reddit.com/r/Kossacks_for_Sanders/comments/4uq88s/how_contrived_is_this_already_united_false/d5rwwcg). Keep an eye out!
Trump is pushing his party to the left, Hillary to the right...choice seems obvious.
Both parties feel this way about their voterbase, but the democrats have taken it to new heights. It's truly a sight to be witnessing.

I can't even imagine voting for a party that calls you a piece of sheep shit to your face. They seem to be 110% confident that business will turn out as usual. I wonder if it will.
> They'll attack him for being a socialist,

They attacked Obama for that, didn't turn out to be a problem at all.
When do the delegates vote? Also, when is Bernie's speech tonight?
I thought that delegates were bound to their candidate on the first ballot.
Bernie delegates want to be SURE we defeat Trump. Hillary's unfavorability and polling and "establishment is fine" campaign is very worrying.

Another good chant for delegates at the convention: "She Can't Beat Him!"
They will never, ever do this 
424 pledged delegates would need to do this. I don't know enough about the rules to know if/how this is even possible.
At this point, our #1 priority is defeating Trump. We **need** to give Bernie the nomination! This is serious.
it is the least they can do as they were caught cheating
[deleted]
Can Anybody Explain Why One Should Vote for Hillary Clinton without Mentioning Donald Trump?
We can only hope this scandal has brought her corruption to light in spite of MSM coverups.

>HILLARY DELEGATES

I realistically don't think they'll listen to us. But the fate of america depends on it.
Trump is now being called a Russian plant/Manchurian candidate. In comparison, Bernie's democratic socialism is nbd.
Why would they do this?

Edit: forgot a word
http://switchtobernie.com/
Does he make a speech before the vote? All he has to say is "Our primary mission is to defeat Trump, right?", then list off the stats of him vs trump compared to her vs trump. mic drop.

preceeded by a "I endorsed hillary because I thought she won an unbiased primary. News has now come to light that isn't the fact, and I can't take any facts about her winning trump to be accurate either, etc etc"
What time does the voting take place? Will it be televised?
Why do we think this vote will be legit?
#PLEASE HELP!!!! DNC CHANGED THE ROLL CALL TO EARLY IN THE MORNING AND DIDNT TELL ANY SANDERS DELEGATES SO THEY MISS THEIR CHANCE TO VOTE!!! WE MUST GET THE WORD OUT! DNC DID THE EXACT SAME THING IN NEVADA! PLEASE HELP! 
If Bernie wants to get serious about beating Trump he needs to contest the convention. 
and disregard the will of the voters?
Bernie must contest the convention, we know it was rigged because of the leaks. Clinton will lose if she is the nominee. It is up to the DNC Bernie or Trump.
[removed]
Yeah, subversion of democracy! That's what every democracy needs!
At the very least, this would give us all one last chance to hear it all. A real, down and dirty debate.
Hill Bots won't listen. They want their queen. They will ignore the realities going on right now where Hillary is floundering
Why... at all... would they do that? 

If you guys are so convinced that the election is rigged why would the DNC do this anyway? You guys have to decide... either the election is rigged and Clinton was inevitable, or the election wasn't rigged and Sanders lost fair and square and you're now asking for a take back. 

I voted for Sanders, but I don't see how this could possibly be an action the DNC would take, and Sanders made it perfectly clear in his speech tonight that he supports Clinton. 
http://imgur.com/gallery/Br00TCn
I really wanna see the delegates go for Sanders tomorrow.  Any chance?
How incredibly undemocratic. You'd be screaming blue murder if the shoe was on the other foot. 
Lol. They're already bought and paid for. 
>YO HILLARY DELEGATES

Please...
I hope you posted this in /r/hillary, even though it'll probably just get deleted immediately.
So now we're actively working against democracy?
I wish the Hillary delegates were as scared of Trump as the DNC leaders claim to be.

Hillary delegates, if you're actually scared of Trump, stop him! You have the power to do so!
Yes he will tell them exactly what that means. Therein lies the problem. It's a failed ideology that destroys the middle class and removes power from the electorate. It also necessitates a dramatic increase in taxes. I already dread seeing my paycheck. It's truly amazing the amount of money that is taken out by the government. Bernie Sanders is an honest man - but he is honestly wrong. 
ROFL
Why would they ever do that?
Oh, this subreddit is where you can reach HRC delegates? Stupid me :)
Can someone honestly explain how handing Sanders the nomination because reasons isn't an act of subverting the will of voters in the democratic party. 

We just had a primary, that was the debate of the people. 
If you don't vote for Hillary (like Bernie literally asked) you're ultimately helping Trump win.
In the beginning it was "fuck superdelegates and undemocratic shit".
In the end it became "fuck everyone who voted for Hillary, delegates - switch your vote!" "Also caucuses are totally cool now since Bernie wins them."
Hypocrites. You lost. 
You're not entitled to a contested convention
Stop being such a baby holy fuck 
Pledged delegates have to vote according to their states results in the first vote. 
Whatever could be the downside of continuing the fight?
The hypocrisy of this is astounding, aren't you supposedly complaining about cheating?
Or ,how bout this? They vote for freaking BERNIE, asshole OP?
You are electing Trump. 

Make no bones about this. That is what you want to do. 

You disgust me. 
They're not going to let Bernie back in, you're just fracturing the left by doing this. Luckily, the right is also fractured, so who the fuck knows who's gonna win. (Probably Hillary, if we're being honest with ourselves). 
Bernie is a coward. He completely sold all of you out for some promises that Hillary won't live up to. He stands for nothing. Never trust a commie.
Great video! Needed something upbeat!
I suspect the truth is one of two things:

1) he's waiting until after the nomination because he wants the party as a whole to suffer, not just Hillary. He hates the whole political system, I could see him just wanting to incite anarchy. 

2) there aren't any new leaks and he thought the email scandal was enough to bring down Clinton.
You're assuming he cares about not nominating Hillary.  If he wants to do the most damage to Hillary possible, he'd wait until she's the nominee. Of course that would screw us over, but who knows what his goals are. 
It will take days to pore over anything they release today.
He doesn't think Bernie will get it, So he rather set it up to cause as much damage as possible. So that means spreading it out. I expect it to happen right before her speech or right after.
/r/StillSandersForPres
Damn straight!

Unfortunately, looks like **the DNC cancelled the convention floor roll call vote for Presidential nominee:**

https://twitter.com/KaydeeKing/status/757737805212684288/photo/1
His speech was kind of depressing. All of that hard work and movement building then he talks about how Clinton will take Trump down but, Trump is over her by 4 points ;(
Why isn't Bernie addressing calls for him to actually run?
Amen
I campaigned for an idea and a movement. Not a candidate. Not a party. I will continue to do just that.
I almost feel bad how her presidency will be dogged daily on social media and overshadowed at every turn.  Almost.
Like a democrat, Sanders caved.  Doesn't mean we have to.  The ultimate responsibility for placing the criminally dishonest into the halls of power falls squarely on the voter's shoulders.  Let's do something about it.
I GO WHERE THE VALUES LEAD ME, and they don't lead me anywhere near Clinton.
Bernie has been involved in politics longer than most people reading this have been alive. I don't understand why you think you're better at political strategy than he is.
[removed]
Physically if necessary 
Plug for /r/FreePolDiscussion in light of recent mod power tripping

It's a political sub without censorship 
But Bernie **does** support Hillary. Trump's appeals to Bernie voters is a waste of breath on his part. 

The Number One point from Bernie's speech before the DNC was the pursuit of economic justice! Our nation cannot endure half of the yearly national income going to only ten percent of the nation. How long would a lawn last if only ten percent got half the water?
/r/sanderscontinuum

I made it because I am afraid of these mods. If you would like to be a mod, please pm me. 

for the record I would rather have this subreddit, but if the mods take it down, I know there are a lot of alternatives, but I thought a continuum was appropriate, and kind of bad ass sounding ;).
Absolutely!  I hereby promote you to Corporal soldier.
Yeah, this is a Trump/Putin mole post.
[deleted]
Let me ask you a question. What is your end game and what exactly do you want to accomplish by this. You are sagging a progressive (albeit less progressive than Bernie.) Think of the consequences. You won't accomplish anything. Don't be rash and give into the hive mind, think this through.
For fucks sake, people. This is not about t Bernie or Hillary. I'm Ta about getting our policies enacted. Who do we have a better shot with. Trump to r hilly. You decide.
We are not Berniebots (we are)
[deleted]
I am from Vermont. This is kind of like Vermont, if you ask me. In other words, "If you don't truly want to listen to our voices, then we would rather not speak. We don't waste energy on trying to push our ideology on others. Not having Bernie as the Democratic Candidate will be the country's loss."
Why?
Vermont is da real mvp tonight.
F this dog and pony show. 

R.I.P American democracy
Hopefully not to go last and give all their votes to Hil. :(
He'd want us to keep trump out of office. 
That video is un-fucking-believeable.  That looks more than half empty.  
True, they will still spin and lie but that is because they fear. The propaganda is becoming more transparent. They are having a harder time propping up the illusion thanks to Bernie in no small part.
I beg the delegates to keep up the booing.

You glorious bastards, the more you boo the more power the progressive movement has.  We can stop this corporate takeover of America right here.  

You are all heroes giving us our voice back, Bernie no longer speaks for us, but all you delegates yelling and booing still do.  We trust you, we love you, keep it up!

And to the California delegation, holy shit!!!   You guys are fucking legends, never stop fignting
Time for a class action lawsuit. #suetheDNC
227mil
They said they were sorry. So it's ok now b
$200,000,000 donated to Bernie, and thusly the joint DNC campaign fund from poor hopeful college students and minimum wage workers went to Wall Street, Saudi Arabia and the Clintons slush funds. 

The greatest conjob swindle in the history of American politics just took place, and the Clintons and their supporters called you all "sore sports" for having your vote as well as your wallets stolen from you. 

Is there no line in the sand you?




Yep, the DNC thinks everyone should be ok with rewarding corruption in politics.  The worst part is I'm guessing that most of the ppl that donated couldn't even afford wasting that extra money, all for nothing.  Sad
/r/StillSandersForPres
[deleted]
Just wanted to remind people that the money spent was not for nothing. Sanders' campaign changed the political landscape of America and was able to get an unimaginable influence on the Democratic party's platform.

The DNC's bias is still outrageous, but I'm still glad that I spent the money I did even if it doesn't look like he'll get the nomination.
I can't wait for the next election for the next bernie sanders and we kick all these establishment asses out of the DNC for good THIS IS OUR FUTURE 
You have to add the public funds that the DNC gets in form of free security, free use of polling places and also matching funds from every taxpayer to pay for the primaries.

Even conventions used to funded by the taxpayer until 2012. 

http://www.fec.gov/press/bkgnd/fund.shtml
When Hillary Clinton takes the stage and starts her prepared speech.... PLEASE DELEGATES ON THE FLOOR SHOUT OUT ABOUT THE FACT THAT THIS ELECTION HAS BEEN RIGGED!!! AND THAT THE TRUE WINNER IS BERNIE SANDERS!!! WE NEED TO GET THIS ON NATIONAL TV.
What do you people expect from the democrats. They are  The are the cancer in the us political system and they finally turned on their own people
*American people spent $200mil on a weak candidate who refuses to stand up for himself
Like you're really going to vote "against your best interest."  From their point of view, it was money well spent. You should thank them for helping to grow our economy. 
Bernie endorses it, so it must be cool.
What are you gonna do about it?

Nothing, so shut up and get your wallet out for Hillary 2020
Relax. The DNC interference did not change the outcome. Bernie was dissed by the party and by the media but it at most cost him 7-10% in turnout and that would not be enough to take the nomination. Are there scenarios where he **might** have won if they **did not** put their thumb on the scale. Yes. But I won't let my anger make a Donald Trump victory more likely. 
I did it right after the conclusion of role call.
I went back to "no affiliation" earlier.
Done
Left the party months ago.  Joined back up a few days ago just so that I could leave again in this moment, which yes I saw coming a million miles away, but was still gut-wrenching.
Can someone please tell me how to switch parties in California?
I did not deny his accomplishments, but given what we could have if primary was fair with what we end up with, it is painful. Hillary answer for the top 0.1%, which means she will never ever work for us no matter what she claims
I'm sorry, but I must respectfully disagree. Bernie changed the country not the party. Bernie affected the party, but they did not move. For all our work, donations, and votes, the Democrats still elected a neo-liberal disaster who chose another neo-liberal calamity as her running mate. Bernie impacted the platform, but they will do all they can to ignore it. The country must continue to demand change from top to bottom as Bernie showed us. Bernie has done enough, and he will continue to work for us from the inside as an honorable man, but this is our fight now. Bernie showed us courage, and now we must do the same. We must ask ourselves as Nina Turner did when she joined Bernie, "With whom do we now have heart/soul agreement?" This is what matters for how we move forward together. We know that when we are together we can win. We did win, but we also know that they will do anything they can to take it from us by rigging the process. I am not going to pressure people to vote for anyone in particular in the post, we can argue that later, I will only ask you not to vote out of fear. When humans do things out of fear, we often make mistakes. Please take the time to reflect on what kind of world you what to create, and in heart/soul agreement, fight for the candidate that reflects your best self.
And if people stay and get behind real progressive Democrats then it can continue.
.... He did so much for the party.... so much that he announced this morning he was leaving to return to the Senate as an Independent.... 
First of all, there's no fucking way Hillary is going to beat Trump. This is an anti-establishment election and Hillary doesn't fit that bill. Sorry. Second of all, Hillary would never spend political capital on those "concessions" even if she made it to the White House. She thinks of them as concessions. You don't refer to things that you consider important as "concessions".
Bernie exposed the heart of corruption. I've always known the game was rigged. Bernie's campaign brought out the worst in the dnc. Even in a rigged primary, Bernie did well. Now millions of people are engaged to fight the establishment, that itself is revolutionary of our time. No more two party system. 
Thank you for keeping us updated, hope all goes well today.
They apologize that they were caught...
I don't want apologies, I want democracy.
The guy who stole my car called to apologize.  Said he felt very badly about it, but will be keeping the car.  He hopes we can both move on.
Yes, but do not let apologies fool you.
That is good to hear.  I hope that within the DNC there are some good people who do realize that what they did is wrong and things have to change.
While that's nice to hear, I'm so heart broken that our democracy was stolen I'm probably going to start seeing a therapist. What they did was beyond criminal. They crushed my hope for a bright future. Not just for myself but for my family. And they need to know that. I have been made to feel like a crazy person for thinking the election was rigged and when we find out it was nobody cares. 
The sentiment is appreciated but I think Ms. Cobb-Hunter isn't looking at this the right way. She shouldn't feel bad for us, she should feel bad for the state of democracy in our country. If this can be done to us this can and almost certainly has been done to others.
Hopefully Gilda calls for democracy instead and supports Bernie.
It is often easier to apologize than ask for permission. They got their way, and that is what really counts.

Apologies without concessions are meaningless...
There's an apology statement on the dem's website issued by the interim chair and several other DNC officers. Apologizes for language used in the emails, nothing else. Not good enough, though nothing they do now *would be* good enough unless Hillary stepped down. She and Debbie both are intent on sinking the ship.
Keep fighting! We support all of you!
Gilda should be reminded that any attack on fair elections affects *her* rights as a voter. Maybe you would like to exchange words of sympathy here. 
Apology not accepted
So we got fucked and THEN got kissed? Awesome! O.K. Everyone you can vote for Clinton now. We got a kiss and an apology!
Is she injured? :(
Do you have a link to the tyt interview? Did tyt get to film this?
Reminds me of the part in The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe, where Aslan has trudged through all the nasties of the White Witch, and is shaven and laid bare on the stone table. 
Then, he inspires the people to fight -- and they win.
No, the best way to challenge every democratic incumbent at every level of gov't in the whole country every step of the way and show them they are expandable as the next guy. 
Don't do it if you live in KS,FL,AZ,WY, and DE!

We need to participate in these closed congressional and senatorial primaries!
Nope, I'm infiltrating and changing it from within.  That's what my Bernie has asked me to do, and I'm going to continue to do it for the indefinite future.
Seriously, how does someone with this much support lose???
Wish Bernie was nominated instead of Hilary getting the DNC to rig the primary.
Get on with it Julian, you fucking blowhard!
Seriously, shake a leg Assange. The world is literally at stake at this point.
yeah I'll believe it when we see it Julian. 
Put up or shut up.
Good summation.
He'll be leading us in his three new organizations. Join us in the r/political_revolution sub.
You should pick up that flag and carry it on. Don't just be a follower, or you'll always be lead astray. 
A lot of things are going to happen until the November election...
I'm standing with you! 
...Nor a bigot for that matter.
The thing that bugs me is that they're pretending this email fiasco isn't happening.
I cannot stand with her knowing what she stands for.
So many holes have been shot in Hillary's campaign and the polls show she is going to lose. Sanders of all people should know this since he was one of the people who poked so many of these holes. Watching Hillary campaign is like watching the oldest horse cross the finish line and win only on a technicality, just sad, it's too late for the democrats.
This is fucking bullshit.
Dear Bernie, 

NO FUCKING WAY. 
If someone I thought was honest tells me to trust a liar, it doesn't change my evaluation of the liar. It changes my evaluation of the person I thought was honest. 
He has just had no teeth on the blatant corruption from the DNC and it is so frustrating.
The fact that he didn't win the nomination doesn't mean his ideals are dead. 

You got Trump, Hillary, or third party. 

No matter how angry you are, vote. Vote for whoever you think would be the best leader for the USA. Vote for whoever is closer to your ideals. Vote because you have the power to decide. 
I'll probably never vote democratic again.  I never thought that would be the case a few years ago.
say what you want about Republicans but they got the person they voted for
I consider Bernie's endorsement of Hillary a repudiation of his entire campaign and a betrayal of his supporters. I have already moved on to Jill Stein. As she said, you can't run a revolutionary campaign in a counter-revolutionary party. He had the opportunity to continue the revolution with Jill Stein - which would really have been a revolutionary act - and he opted not to.  What a disappointment.
I think I speak for us all.

:(
Bernie has integrity, and is doing what he said he would by supporting Hillary.  I too have integrity, and therefore won't be voting for her. 
[deleted]
The way I'm looking at it is this - if Bernie were right now to rescind his endorsement or publicly demolish the DNC for their obvious corruption, Bernie is screwed if something happens where Hillary is unable to run and he becomes the next step. He will have less of a chance with Hillarys supporters than he does now, and the party will be against him even further. I'm looking at this as a safe move by Bernie. I don't like it right now, but I trust in Bernie. 
I still love Bernie, but I'm not voting for Clinton.  Sorry, Bernie.  
What a joke. He basically disavowed everything that his campaign was based upon. At least Ted Cruz had the nerve to stand up for himself. 
He didn't fucking ignore anyone... This sub is starting to get insane.  Yes continue to protest HRC because she is a corrupt piece of shit and her nomination is a sham.  But Bernie is doing what he sincerely believes is best for the country right now.  The Dems WERE NOT going to nominate him, no matter what.  That much is clear.  The best way for him to get his issues to move forward is to endorse Hillary and hope he can help elect progressives to senate and house seats.

If progressives start winning down-ballot elections, and Hillary and Tim Kaine types start becoming rarer with the Democratic Party, Bernie's issues WILL be the law of the land.  And Hillary will have to pass them if she's president.  Let's not be foolish and turn the man into a traitor when he's anything but.
Bernie wanted a political revolution within the DNC. If he could lead that revolution as President, cool. If not, bring progressives into the party and push it to the left.

At the very beginning, before anyone here even got involved, Bernie promised that he would support the nominee and support the party. Yes, he would have beaten Hillary if it weren't for super-delegates, MSM bias, and rigged elections; but those things happened and this is the reality we have to work with.

Let's face it, whether it's Trump or Hillary we're going to have a godawful President for the next four years. But if we all rage quit the party and the political process then we'll have another four years of some other godawful President (and Senators, and Representatives, etc.)

Like they say in those cheesy as fuck 'habits of successful people' books and videos, be proactive, not reactive.
I feel betrayed by Bernie...I will not be voting for Clinton. I will not sacrifice my morals and give into fear mongering and reward the DNC's corruption by voting for a criminal like Clinton. Now more than ever we need a third party candidate at the National Debates and I will do my part to help that happen and give a voice to those that want change and not the same 'lesser evil' choices. 
Bad move on him IMHO. 
I actually am crying a bit right now. I don't know, it just feels like I'm only now realizing the greatest chance to have a non corrupt president and a country that represents us and maybe even the people in power that were corrupt (near all of them) being removed... is gone.

I.. We've been told many times as Millennials that we were going to have the greatest opportunities. Now, with everything corporations and the elite and the corrupt did to prevent good policies and prevent everything progressive... we are being told maybe our kids instead can have better than us.. My entire future feels like it's being written off and the huge debt... I don't see how I can take care of that and my sick father.

Things are bad, and I had some hope still. I wish I could believe in Hillary, but her own history and established precedent for lying and all the corruption and uranium sales to Putin and war mongering and Libya and everything.. it just.. crushes me.

I don't think I can vote for any president this time.

The Hillary cultists some how won and never learned their lesson, they'll never recount their lies, never stop saying we are just hateful and trolls, and never understand us and I suspect Hillary will never either. The media got away with corruption and lies and it seems everyone else did too.

I do not know if Hillary will win or if Trump will win, I can't see Hillary winning if things continue as normal, being objective I just don't see how she'll get the passion and numbers... but I for one am no longer participating and will not continue doing large time sinks of research.. not anytime soon.

Thanks to all of you who supported financially far more than I could and thanks for those that tried to do as much as you could. It is likely true that the election fraud being removed would have had us near equal or perhaps more, I fully believe that due to what I've seen and researched, but alas... crime lives on.

Be strong. I don't hate Bernie, I just hate how he's made me feel.
My heart is hurting
It doesn't matter now. It's all rigged and even when Sanders knows it he won't stand up for what's right. I'm speechless.
Ripping up my ballot as soon as it gets here, this election sucks. 
Bernie Sanders has less conviction than Ted Cruz. Didn't see that one coming 
ever time he brought up the rigged economy,  all i could think about is the rigged election
He already endorsed her. 

Guys what the hell could Bernie do right now. Literally what could he do. 

Be mad and all, but what tbe fuck could he do
I'm crying. This hurts big time.
Did anyone else notice the minute before he endorsed her everyone had Bernie signs, then right after everyone had 'Unity' and 'I'm with her' signs? Then the camera shows Bill Clinton clapping and smiling with disbelief, like he didn't know if he was going to do it.  It all looks so damn staged.  How come he's not using the energy of the new leaks to call on all his supporters to march on the Wells Fargo center and demand he be instated as the nominee.  It would cause mayhem, I know, but it's what we need!  HRC will not break up the big banks, reinstate glass-stegal, or stop the TPP and we all know it.  Why, why is this happening?  How can all this illegal activity be thrown out in-front of the public and everyone suppose to write it off because DWS is gone.  I don't get it, and now I have no idea who I will vote for, maybe Stein.
Bernie knew this stuff was going on the whole time. No real surprise that he is not making a huge deal out of this 
He's already made a much bigger impact than Nader. 
So  am i the only one who thinks this him playing nice so that when Hillary is arrested he can tell the DNC "hey, I played it your way and she got herself arrested, I'm not just your only option, but your best as well"
I wonder if he signed a contract or some sort of agreement when he endorsed her and legally can't back out of that endorsement. 
I think Bernie is actually doing something very smart, he is showing that *there is a revolution with or without him.* 

**Secondly, he knows this is firing up his supporters at the convention.**  He is proving a point and it could just sway the super delegates.  The man is showing everyone that the *people and the party are more important that any one person,* in stark contrast to Hillary.  

**This is really the only strategy he can employ.**  Throwing mud and making threats for a third party will only infuriate Clinton supporters, the best strategy for getting what you want is respect and integrity, not threats, especially because *he knows his supporters will do the dirty work for him.*  Bernie comes out squeaky clean with integrity.
You know whose anti-TPP?

DONALD

J


TRUMP
This is the right move. Let's be honest here, Bernie's endorsement (that he already gave, btw) isn't going to win Clinton the election. But taking it back would sink her campaign and make his entire movement look bad. It's better to let Hillary sink her own ship and sit back and build up progressives to take the stage in 2020 than to fire the first shot and be blamed for the mess of a general election that's coming.
Voting Trump. 
He's an ass but he's not Wallstreet. 
Talks about fighting corruption and standing up to all these enemies in his campaign.

Then sees blatant corruption presented to him.

Does ABSOLUTELY NOTHING ABOUT IT and doesn't even address it?

What the ACTUAL fuck.

Never Clinton!

DemExit!
Dont let articles like this make you lose faith in Sanders. This kind of bullshit pisses me off. Listen to his speech last night... Apparently HRC has adopted his entire platform from trade, to wall street, to affordable college.

I'm not saying you have to vote for her I probably still won't because she's a liar, but the DNC platform has nearly been re-written. This is why he 'endorsed'.
[deleted]
Sanders has seriously harmed the Progressive movement.  Progressives will be far more hesitant to financially back future candidates because of the way he handled this.
Ignores supporters?
[deleted]
Ignored them? A lot of you are fools. He lost. So what is the best way forward? Work with Hillary and get her to take on your issues. It's the best thing for America.
[removed]
[removed]
These posts are really getting annoying. Im a die hard Sanders guy and this is just starting to become childish. WTF do you want Bernie to do? Run third party and garuntee a trump presidency? Not endorse clinton and literally lose respect from millions of americans that we need to make change? Wtf do you guys want him to do? Stop bitching.. We all know it sucks. Bernie doesnt want to endorse her either but again WHATELSE CAN HE DO? Hes looking to the future. A future he helped mold by creating those most politically engaged and educated public since.. Forever?
Not much good would have come from not supporting her.  He'd be the scapegoat if she loses and the movement would be roundly rejected by the Democratic party in the next few elections, Americans would suffer greatly due to Trump's general incompetence and foolish policies, and Trump's Supreme Court nominees would ensure that Citizen's United is preserved for the foreseeable future.  I despise Hillary and I'm sure that supporting her was an extremely difficult pill to swallow for Bernie but doing so was what's best for the movement and the country as a whole.
ITT: people admitting that Clinton is a corrupt lying sack of crap that represents everything Bernie stood against, then saying you should vote for her anyway because not doing so would somehow "stop the movement".

Fuck off.
Dear Bernie,

You owe millions of your supporters and donors an explanation, one that explicitly and thoroughly addresses the information we've learned from the DNC email leak, as to why you continued to support Hillary as opposed to running third party or at least taking the fight to the convention like you promised.

Sincerely,

-All of us. 
I was a Sanders supporter/ donator/ volunteer and I'm thrilled that he has endorsed Hillary. I want progressive reform. We can get it with Hillary. We won't get it with Trump. 
Disgusting
You people are worst than Trump supporters.  You don't deserve Sanders.
Why did you write he ignores supporters? He obviously cares a ton about his supporters. Why do you think all of Bernie Sanders supporters don't support Clinton at all? That is rather ignorant of you.
                                     I am voting for Trump.
I have two facts to share that I don't think anyone can dispute.

1. I hope so many people refuse to vote for her that she becomes inviable
2. There seems to be quite a lot of people who feel the same way.

 
"Ignores supporters"? Wait didn't the majority of the Bernie Camp move to Hillary? People thinks that the reddit votes are representative...
I understand him endorsing Clinton awhile back,  but to keep quiet after the leaks is cowardly.   Losing a lot of respect for him.   
Headline should read: "Bernie Sanders finally paid enough to support Clinton"
To all my fellow Bernie supporters who are hurt and grappling with how to process their feelings over the last few days, weeks, YEAR....the speech he gave tonight was for us.  It crushed him. We could tell how hard it was for him to stand up there, saying those words in front of delegates who spent the last year fighting for him. We could see how painful it was for him to thank and champion the 8 million of us who donated to his campaign. 

Anyone that supported him who's calling him a coward or shaming him now was never part of the revolution in the first place.  If setting fire to progress he's been fighting for his entire life to appease your pride and bullshit moral high ground over Hillary and the DNC is more important to you than swallowing ur anger for the time being in order to protect the progress that's been made so far, u should have voted for Trump all along.

This isn't about ego and pride, we know we are on the right side of history.  We have to put aside our selfish feelings right now and do whatever it takes to make sure Bernie's hard work and the revolution he started doesn't die before it can even begin because we let Trump win this election. 

No it's not what any of us wanted, but we've only just begun.  This is only the beginning....if we let Trump win, we're exactly what the critics said about Bernie voters. 

Bernie gave us something to fight for, let's keep the fight alive.  
You faught a villain.

You gave everything you had to fight the very opposite of your core. You gave it your all to see your valiant effort conclude in the vanquish of an enemy. In the fight, you understood the true nature of your foe, to stand in the face of their adversity. You founded hope in a hopeless nation. You condemned the status quo, and calm the disparity between all those who would join your fight. 

You fought a villain. 

But usually those who fight villains are heroes. You mustered up courage, right until the last moment. You caught your snake in the grass, and yet you couldn't cut off its head. You could feel the emotion swell in you to finish the battle, but in the end you hesitated, and faltered.

You faught a villain.

But in the end, she won.
[deleted]
Fucking sellout coward. Pathetic.
You guys aren't loyal 
The more you look into the DNC corruption, the worse it looks that Bernie endorsed Hillary. He completely abandoned his integrity and endorsed a proven liar who colluded with the DNC to keep out. Not only that, he's a fucking independent. Where's this phony loyalty to the party coming from?
The attitude of this sub disgusts me. As a long time bernie supporter, donater, phonebanker, etc, People calling bernie a coward are the worst scum of a political movement. People more caught up in the contrarian high they feel then the actual issues. 

Bernie made it clear he would endorse hillary clinton. Hillary Clinton is > Donald Trump. If you consider yourself any kind of leftist, cut the bullshit and  vote so that people dont lose their healthcare. Hell, vote for supreme court nominations. Remember that we are leftists because we want to improve the lives of people. If we then get on our high horse and vote for someone who would dismantle their healthcare (and yes not voting is the same as voting trump), then what kind of leftist are you?

I hope you sleepwell at night with your smug third party/trump/write in vote while peoples' suffering gets worse because of your actions. 

Accept defeat this election, make the most pragmatic choice to lessen the burden of people who we make it our goal as leftsts to help, and fucking vote
My Children starved to death because of my donations (rip little Timmy) and this is how i'm repaid
Serious question... Trying to submit a text post to this sub and it won't let me... Anybody know why that is?? High traffic volume? 
An article doing the heavy lifting for the Trump/Putin campaign.
[deleted]
1984 levels of censorship and controlled narrative going on at this convention

What the fuck has this country turned into. 

Oh yeah, an oligarchy 
fuck the DNC
RNC didn't confiscate any signs. It's all about damn appearances. We're not united!!
FUCKING DISGRACE!!!  
  
NEVER UNITE!
fuck the DNC
AND ANTI TPP SIGNS!!!
They handed these out instead so we modded them https://imgur.com/Pt2L7S1
FUCK THE DNC!
Free speech is no longer allowed until you support Hillary 
Disgusting
Are they taking them from Hillary folk, too? The DNC convention rules say that no signs of any kind are allowed to be brought in.
https://www.demconvention.com/delegates-logistics/security/
homemade signs aren't allowed. plus they passed out bernie signs before bernie's speech, and michelle signs before her speech. this is normal. 
Nothing new. The establishment colluding with the media to silence the support for Bernie. We are a social animal. If they covered the massive amount of support for Bernie on the MSM, more people would come around. The fact that he got 45% of the vote in the face of so much collusion and dirty politics is amazing. 
"Sorry" isn't enough, we either get Sanders or we vote for Trump outright. Stop the rigged system once and for all and put Hillary in her place. It's only going to get worse once Hillary actually wins you guys. It's our responsibility to put the Democrat party back into order and make sure this never happens again.
Not surprising. If only they could start removing the people guilty of thoughtcrime. Then we'd have that unity they keep talking about. 
Wow what a democracy /s.

Freedom of speech and all that....
[Also threatening removal of credentials](https://twitter.com/dizzyeyes/status/757688770758074368/photo/1)
People keep claiming this, but even before THE DNC HANDED OUT BERNIE SIGNS before his speech, there were tons of them on the floor, so clearly they weren't too concerned about confiscating them.  
The rules say no outside signs. They hand out signs before each speech. This is manufactured outrage.
This may get deleted and downvoted to oblivion, but I just want to say as a Trump supporter that I admire you guys and Bernie's fight against the establishment on the Democratic side.

I know we disagree on a lot of things but it was amazing to see Bernie come out of practially nowhere and challenge one of the most establishment candidates we've seen in our lifetime. I hate how the GOP treated Trump in the primaries and I hated to see how the DNC treated Bernie in this election. You all have nothing to be ashamed of at all and fought for your beliefs with admiration.

Like I said even though we disagree on a lot of things, it was refreshing and encouraging to see such a strong challenge to the corrupt and crooked establishment on both sides of the aisle. Don't give up. You all conducted this election admirably at a truly grassroots level. Well done!
Is that legal? I don't know what's legal and what isn't anymore
The hypocrisy of these speakers is spine chilling. 
Drinking game. Take a shot every time you hear, " UNITED WE ARE STRONGER TOGETHER!"
[removed]
Twitter deleted this?
I think I might have to borrow Trump's Twitter lexicon for this.

#SAD!
fuck the DNC
This is ridiculous, they don't only want you to support Hillary, they want you to support Hillary and glorify her at the same time.

That is really perverse! Yes, i will cast my vote under Hillary comes October, but i will only do that acknowledging all the awful and despicable things that she has done. I will vote for the lesser of two evils, which is still incredibly evil. Yet DNC wants that all of us would forget the pain and suffering and lies that HIllary has told and caused and would all of a sudden imagine her to be a virtuous person, who can do no wrong. This is really perverse, because by not acknowledging the awful things HIllary has done, we are endorsing them, we are endorsing the suffering she has produced and we are sustaining her oppression. ( there are a lot of big words here, but it is true, it is like turning a blind eye to the awful actions of dictator and saying ""ouh, Lukashenka is just and great person", by saying that we deny any wrong doing to the victims who have experienced it and suffered, and we sustain such further oppression)

Wow!

Oh, wait.... it's bullshit?

Moving on.
I see several sanders signs around here. They might only be taking them if people are getting hit by them
Hey you! This is Hillary town!
wtf.... really? Ridiculous. Fuck the DNC. Corrupt garbage.
I think they are afraid of a resurgent Bernie Sanders.
So... idea: Stop the bullshit two party system, and look for alternatives, jill stein is solid, bernie could run as an independent or found a party, teach everyone that socialism isnt bad, and maybe one day democrats can be ignored for the status quo middle of the road group they are.
Thank you. The only way I believe my vote will count is if DNC proposes a Sanders - Clinton ticket. Hillary should admit her wrongdoing and unite the party under Sanders and her as VP. Hillary loses outright to Trump and this is the only solution that dedicated Sanders supporters will accept.
Nail on the head.

And Hillary supporters can't comprehend it when I say that I won't vote to reward the utter disregard and subversion of democracy.
This. That is exactly what burns my buns the most. if this was a fair and square win, oh well that's the American will. But the massive fraud allowing a very disliked, untrustworthy candidate to win is rage inducing.
Thank you.
[for anyone who doesn't know where this comes from](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WINDtlPXmmE)
Libertarians: Republicans sans the pretense of morality. There a better alternatives to Hillary than Johnson. Jill Stein and Mickey Mouse, to name two.
*slowclap*
[removed]
Bernie has been caucusing with and voting with the Democrats since he was first elected to Congress in 1991. He was co-founder of the Congressional Progressive Democratic Caucus. He chaired the Veterans Armed Services Committee for the Democrats. He has rallied for Democrats. These people are ungrateful liars!
What is even more stupid is that the Democratic party has and still is supporting former Republicans for office over "card holding democrats". (Patric Murphy over Alan Grayson for example). 
Hillary Supporters are such unethical swine. You sign on the dotted line to adhere to their rules so you can run, you're from here on out a Democrat, period. What ground do they have to stand on when it comes to the future debates with Trump? Taxes? You just played the "no true scotsmen" fallacy to brush aside collusion. Racism? Maybe, I'll hold off criticism of the Dems on this, that's an issue for another comment but your leaders have been caught manipulating public opinion and then you go on and do their work for them by offering half-measured talking points. Brilliant! Honestly, with friends like Hillbots, who needs enemies?
These people are evil. 
That's it.  I'm outa here.  Jill Stein has my vote.
Firs thing they will try to crack down on is open internet. We can't let that happen.
It's no use.  Talking to mainstream Democrats, they convey in their own words that Hillary is entitled to the party nomination because they're all her friends.  And that doesn't seem to bother them.
NPR been looking pretty bias lately.
Here's a big hint to the media:

That's^why^we^like^him
They are so full of it
Oh the bulletproof 'He doesn't even GO here' argument. That justifies everything they've done. 
NPR is pathetic, I was listening to coverage of the convention just about an hour ago, and the 'reporter' was saying that Bernie supporters were protesting outside the convention because Bernie wasn't going to get the nomination.

Ummmmmm, no, have you been living under a rock? Bernie Supporters are protesting because the DNC colluded with the media and another campaign, rigged the primary and screwed them, their candidate, and their cause, out of a free and fair democratic electoral process.
[deleted]
My guess is that Assange has no faith in the establishment politicians to do anything to address the problems and, as such, is trying to do as much harm as possible to teach Americans a lesson.  He's probably waiting until the entire Democratic Party is required to back Hillary as the nominee because she was voted to be such.

As the saying goes, "Let them eat crow."
They want her to be nominated first?
They aren't doing this to help Bernie or Trump. They are doing it to expose the corruption of HC and the DNC. Nothing else. I think they are planning their schedule in a way that results in maximum embarrassment and media coverage. 
yes but they aren't concerned about doing it to help bernie, just to expose hillary and her corruption, and the DNC
They want her to be nominated first maybe?

Wikileaks is not working for anyone...
They said it would be this week. 
They will. Oh boy they will.
I dont think they have as much as some think they do. And honestly, what is it going to change? Bernie pretty much made his bed and is laying in it, chained himself to it. It does not matter what comes out. The media will be the corrupt media they always are. The politicians in dc will keep on for hillary, etc etc.  This woman gets away with everything. That is not going to stop now no matter what info they have
[deleted]
Every time I saw the pictures of him, I felt sad and depressed and angry
I saw that as well
Ya a link would be great to have to share
https://mobile.twitter.com/RaniaKhalek/status/758134926269120512
Great summary
try Clinton Cash you will enjoy this too
It was the right time.  Bernie's been the same guy for decades, but he couldn't have done this in any previous election cycle.  It's a combination of (1) social media now strong enough to bypass the MSM and reach a significant fraction of the people and (2) the public's awareness of government corruption having hit a tipping point.

There didn't used to be a 30-second elevator pitch that the government was hopelessly corrupt.  Now there are two sound bites everyone understands: "none of the bankers who ripped you off in 2008 ever saw jail", and "Citizen's United".
Had no idea "The People" were the Donald.
Thankyou for your kind words, I get the feeling that the nomination was just a warm up exercise.
Old white men? (ducks)
TPP rhymes with Hillary.

If you oppose TPP, your only choice is Trump.
I was worried that Bernie delegates would be quiet. That Bernie's endorsement would crush their spirit a bit. I'm happy to be wrong.

I'm so incredibly proud of all my brothers and sisters on the floor. Don't go quietly. Give them hell. They stole this from us and we have every right to be angry. From DNC and MSM collusion to rigged elections all over the country, we have every right to be outraged.

[Do not submit.](http://i.imgur.com/sux1gNc.jpg)
Funny they keep talking about unity, and stronger together. Talk is cheap. Hillary had a chance to prove she wasn't just faking at being a progressive, and she gave us middle-finger after middle-finger. She still hasn't even acknowledged the DNCLeaks. They think they can just blithely speak over the dissent and edit the audio to try to silence the boos. Ramp it up, delegates. Remember Gandhi's principle of satyagraha, non-cooperation with evil.
Did anyone hear Bernie say he would appreciate everyone's vote tomorrow ?
You guys are fucking heroes.  We're so fucking proud of you.

We are all 100 percent behind you!  
Ive been watching for about an hour now, and maybe I have selected hearing, but I hear more cheers than boos with occasional chanting throughout. Are the boos still happening or have they cooled down?
Blessings for those who boo. We thank you.
Bernie doesn't. 
Keep it up Bernie supports.  Your voice is speaking for Thousands of us who can not be there.
keep the feet to the fire folks.  
Do you have any idea how poor in taste it is to use that line over this?
Until we drop or they kill us all we must continue to unmask the truth friends http://www.opnlttr.com/letter/censorship-alert-my-emails-investigative-reporters-glenn-greenwald-seymour-hersh-blocked
Lmao clicked on the post and 1776 upvotes I love it
Keep booing, we are with you! Do not go quietly! I just re-registered as not Democrat in hopes it at least makes DNC sweat realizing a Sanders endorsement isn't enough to buy his followers.
I hope Hillary get's booed so much that she ends up cutting her pathetic speech short.
Should have walked out on Bernie during his speech. That would have sent a message that can't be muted.
Note: The author of this piece is advocating for a different candidate, but the point of this submission isn't to support that candidate, but to underline the hypocrisy of the Clinton campaign, whose VP pick contradicts a number of issues she has supposedly taken a left-wing stand on.
He's a moderate Democrat on most issues but he's progressive as hell Gun Control.
Tim Kaine, man who has dedicated his ol tire life to progressive causes, deemed not a progressive by the authority on progressiveness, "progressive army . Com"


Urgent: Also, confirmed that they are editing videos on FB and adding applause as well as on MSM, etc.  They are also editing clips to downplay what is really going on.  "I'm telling you right now, someone is hitting a applauds track in the wrong places. It's the strangest thing. Anyone else getting that on their feeds? I'm talking sudden, massive applause in the middle of points and as the speakers continues to make the point. No pause for the roar, or raised voice to talk over."  TAKE TO TWITTER NOW.
Apprently the dems are nominating someone named BOOOO.
"In the opinion of the chair, the ay's have it."

Hahhaa what a joke.

Burn the DNC
Anyone have a link of this? I'm a non-US citizen but this shit has been better than TV. 
Now they are avoiding mention her by name. loool
its crazy though that supporters arent cheering to cover things up . its just boos
MORE disruption. Do not let the media ignore it.
Ohhhhh wait til Hillary speaks (If she even speaks).
Boos are what you capture on mic when you cut the chants for Bernie short.
If I were these idiots, I would have takens off all mentions of Hilary Clinton in the teleprompter and replace with "A Democrat."
is it helpful to attack hillary endlessly? Lets focus on other races in the election, rather than desperately trying to somehow beat hillary. 
[deleted]
Disruption to what end? Why does anyone think this is productive? The race is over. Hillary is going to be nominated. End of story.

These fools on the convention floor are doing everything in their power to ensure that the worst-case scenario ends up winning, and in doing so, playing right into the hands of their real oppressors.
*None* of the state representatives are waiting for her to finish saying "you have x delegates". It's a simple pattern, people. Simple pattern.
bernies brother casting his vote, the feels...
Alaska went over 80% to Bernie but the speaker said next president HRC. Represent your fucking citizens!
I'm confused, how did Bernie wind up having one less delegate in Indiana and then Hillary had several extras vs the totals previously published?
After the roll call, Bernie called for a move of all votes cast for him, to be moved to Hillary. She is now officially the Democratic nominee.
She's just as bad as DWS. After the DNC email leaks she suggested a way to avoid getting caught in the corruption - This is a cautionary tale for everybody: Stop emailing, pick up the phone, Brazile said on CNN on Sunday night. Obviously she knows nothing about history either (Watergate).


Much more than this. The media was parroting that he is so behind that he will never be able to catch-up, that the super delegates where Clinton's, that he was sexist. I bet even if the media was against him the vote fraud alone cost significantly more than 5%
He would need the media on his side. The Corporate Media will sabotage anyone who opposes their agenda. There's entire demographics who you can't reach without the Corporate media. The old, the poor mostly. If all they hear is that Sanders is a radical socialist with no chance, and they never really see him, then it's no wonder they won't vote for him. 
Also consider that impact of the super delegates having say before anyone voted.
He looks like he's about to cry, and not the moved to tears type cry, more like I can't hold this much longer cry. It breaks my heart, his smile looks so sad.
He is SO disappointed. He did like a chore. He needs some rest.
Link to a video?
can you post a link please?
https://twitter.com/MashableNews/status/758076183338639360
I feel like I don't understand all of this. I truly believe in Bernie and I'm assuming he has good reason behind his choice in supporting Clinton for the nomination, but I'm having a hard time understanding why.
This gave me all of the feels. Thank you for being rational, considerate, and passionate. Please accept my upvote.
Awesome post.

#Come together and Stay Involved

r/political_revolution
Be sure to head over to the greater joule count subreddit - we have winter-suited vests of excellent quality!
to the start of the revolution.
may we continue to work together to reform the government the founding fathers fought to instill. 
its been a wonderful journey.
They made a post earlier indicating they would archive it here and leave everything up, but not allow any further posts/threads. 
I'm guessing it wouldgo faster using Reddit's API.  No experience with it myself, taking a look now.  A few of the links I've found so far:

- https://www.reddit.com/r/redditdev
- https://github.com/reddit/reddit/wiki/API
- https://github.com/reddit/reddit
- http://pythonforengineers.com/build-a-reddit-bot-part-1/
One thing that has me hesitating about a 1-deep recursion domain rip is the relatively high proportion of youtube links in this sub. That could end up being a LOT of video, but to only preserve the subreddit itself and not the content it linked to seems half-asses. 
NEVER VOTING CLINTON.

They subverted the democratic process to stay on the corporate gravy train.

Dictators subvert democracies.
Don't let it bother you.

If people were kicking and screaming because their candidate lost? Yes, it would be childish. Honestly unpopular opinion but I would've settled for Biden replacing Clinton, or a lot of other candidates that are neither Clinton nor Sanders so long as they're not stupidly close to the Clintons.

But people were kicking and screaming because the democratic process itself was undermined. A cornerstone of democracy was subverted this election cycle, which is absolutely unacceptable. What's more, people who partook in borderline criminal activity or outright criminal activity then had the audacity to label those that pointed it out as "childish" while demanding respect at the DNC. Treat people with respect and you shall receive. That simple.
Who is this Cointon and does it have anything to do with emails?
Hi. It looks like you are looking for more information about Sen. Sanders' run for the Democratic nomination. We get that type of question a lot in this subreddit and we recommend taking a look at a few different resources. Take a look around, and welcome to the subreddit! Go Bernie!

* Which presidential candidate aligns most with your personal political views? Find out with isidewith.com! - [CLICK ME](http://www.isidewith.com)
* Our Wiki page devoted to why someone should vote for Sen. Sanders - [CLICK ME](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/wiki/reasonsforbernie)
* Sanders' campaign issues page - [CLICK ME](https://berniesanders.com/issues/)
* PBS - What does Bernie Sanders believe? [CLICK ME](http://www.pbs.org/newshour/updates/bernie-sanders-believe-candidate-stands-10-issues/)
* OnTheIssues page for Sen. Sanders - [CLICK ME](http://www.ontheissues.org/senate/bernie_sanders.htm)
* A GREAT volunteer created website devoted to documenting Senator Sanders' stance on *any issue you can image.* Check it out! [CLICK ME](http://www.feelthebern.org)
* A list of Sen. Sanders' endorsements so far - [CLICK ME](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/wiki/endorsements)
* A good collection of the important websites, groups and resources about Bernie Sanders - www.bernie.link

If you are still looking for more/different info, then stick around and make a comment about what specifically you are looking for. A human will probably be by shortly!

Bernie 2016!

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/SandersForPresident) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Hi there. I've removed your post because it appears that you are trying to use /r/SandersForPresident to campaign for other candidates. Unfortunately for you, this subreddit does not exist for you to vulture votes for your candidate. Our users will make up their own minds in their own way, when the time comes. Please note - I am just a robot and I make mistakes. If this removal was a mistake, please message the mods and politely correct the record.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/SandersForPresident) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Mr. Assange, if you could bring up the Clinton Organization info a day or two before this happens, that would be greaaaat.
Why did anyone assume it will not be there?
i think this means, yes he endorsed hillary and is asking people to get behind her, but there wills till be a roll call vote for bernie to be the candidate, that is our chance to flip some delegates and make it happen
 If the DNC gave a shit at all about winning, they'd have to go with Sanders at this point.  The corruption is the worst openly CAUGHT corruption that has ever happened.  I'm reading through the emails myself and while I'm still not sure who I'm voting for, I'm 100% against Hillary at this point.  I don't care what sanders says, there is zero chance I'd ever vote for her. 


I feel like this good news, until they start stripping credentials and get the vote they want.
He said he'd take it all the way to convention, and even after he endorsed Hillary, Bernie has kept his word. Those of you who think he is a sellout should think again.
I can only get so erect.
The superdelegates need to understand that the only way to defeat Trump comes from nominating Bernie. Mark my words. They don't need to hear that Bernie has a better chance than Hillary. They need to hear that they don't really have a choice at this point. The corruption in the nominating process, rigging the election, leads to the people casting punishment votes, by voting for Trump. Redemption for the Democrats, does not come from people apologizing to Bernie, then nominating Hillary anyway. Redemption comes from giving the people the candidate they really want, Bernie. This would really send a message to the voters. By acknowledging wrong doing and acting to correct the mistake, the party could demonstrate true remorse about the illegal fraudulent activities of the party leaders. Simply apologizing, without acting to correct the mistake looks like business as usual.

I study about how systems learn. Training leads to better performance in the future. Sometimes, training has to involve negative feedback. I cannot imagine a better negative feedback signal to send to the Democratic party than to have Trump as the next President. I have cast my vote as a Democrat in every election since the 1970's. Unless the Democrats nominate Bernie, I will vote for Trump. I know having Trump as President will have severe negative impacts for policies that I support. However, I consider the policy of respecting the voters as the most important policy of all. The people rule this nation. Not respecting the will of the people, by rigging elections, leads me to cast a punishment vote.

So, superdelegates, show us your true sense of remorse, or look forward to seeing Trump as your next President. So, say we all?
When does Bernie Speak tonight?
guys I hate to burst the bubble, because I to want bernie to somehow pull it off..but HRC was also put on in 2008.
Hillary hasn't won the people's vote , it's simply what the media wants everyone to think. 
[Here's the full clip](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0NerlQAMNI&feature=youtu.be) they're talking about. We all know the odds of anything happening at this point, but I can dare to dream. 
I'm not getting my hopes up and jumping on the first thing that sounds like he maybe might have a chance. when you have expectations of things that are out of your hands as an observer on the internetz across the country, that's asking for disappointment if it doesn't work out. still, this is exciting to watch unfold
can someone explain the roll call vote to me?
Just saw a video of a delegate who is standing behind Bernie. And she was ranting and raving. Let's hope the Bernie Delegates can change their respective states minds. 
funny how CNN showed Bernie as former Presidential candidate today
Well see. I dont have high hopes. Hes either playing a brilliant game, or he caved. I think its the latter. 
Pretty sure this has been the plan for awhile. In 2008, Clinton's name was placed into nomination too.
Australian here. what does this mean?
ELI5?
[removed]
As I've been saying, we've pretty much won everything we wanted. We can either have Sanders vs Trmp now, or we can have an entirely different yet just as ideal progressive candidate go up against Trmp in 2020. However, we have to be adamant about voting for Trmp outright if Sanders doesn't get the nomination. If Hillary wins that's it, game over. No progressive for the next 10+ years if not more, and the DNC will become even more rigged than it is now.

This is may possibly be our last stand, yet it will lead to absolute victory if we steel ourselves in opposition to Hillary and the DNC.
Call your delegates 
Except NBC is reporting this is being done as a "symbolic move to appease Sanders supporters" and nothing else. So even if he gets a majority on this vote from the floor, they'll ignore it. It's only being done to try to "shut them up" is what they're saying.
[deleted]
This feels like an empty gesture ='(
non-American here, what happens to the nomination if the candidate is indicted (after being declared by party as candidate officially)?
i want bernie to be president as much as any of you here, but this don't mean sheeeeeeeeit.
Hes been kissing her ass, and everyone is supposed to accept it!

Can someone please ELI5?? to me it seems like Bernie has no desire to fight for the nomination, or call out the bullshit...
I see people getting their hopes up about Sanders somehow trying to win this thing -- not going to happen. We are dealing with massive centers of power on corporate media, they won't lose the nomination, and Sanders has been asking people to vote for her. 

But, this is exciting to see all this public pressure and exposing of the DNC. I hate Trump, but we should not muzzle ourselves about the tragedy of the DNC's efforts. Most importantly, this needs to become a strong, left-leaning movement, after this convention, and November and onward. 

It is isn't about the fucking Presidency and this quadrennial spectacle that we already knew was rigged. Change comes from prolongued, organization. And change doesn't come just from voting every 4 years (2 years for political junkies)

If this group is willing and able to disrupt Clinton's corronation, we can disrupt lots of shit. Raise class consciousness, sow the seeds of change. 

As Howard Zinn[ once wrote](https://www.thenation.com/article/optimism-uncertainty/):

> Revolutionary change does not come as one cataclysmic moment (beware of such moments!) but as an endless succession of surprises, moving zigzag toward a more decent society. We dont have to engage in grand, heroic actions to participate in the process of change. Small acts, when multiplied by millions of people, can transform the world, 
Do we really want him anymore, though? He betrayed us and the movement he started. I don't want to vote for someone like that. I say we all vote fr Jill Stein when the time comes. She recognizes this betrayal and shares a lot of his opinions.
The sad thing is that Hillary won the people vote, this is just a move to calm down or rage. 
> Watching Fox News

[Welcome to the resistance.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3C83hzkg7o)
Fox News........Oh my atheist God!
They handed those signs out to everybody,just like when the First Lady did her speech there was Michelle Obama signs.    
also most Hillary supporters don't hate Bernie so they were cheering for him too.
They passed out Michelle signs before her speech.  They passed out Hillary signs during other speeches.  They passed out Bernie signs before his speech.
Maybe not in number, but definitely in spirit. Bernie supporters care a whole hell of a lot more.
Absolutely. How on earth they can truly believe that Hillary is better suited to take down Trump than Bernie is BEYOND ME. 
counting the crowd outside too you could be right
They are the passionate ones.  Hillary supporters are angry.
They were certainly the loudest.
Nah they are just 30 years younger and 100% less corrupt so they act when it "doesn't matter".

Just that one picture of Bill Clinton on the balcony it was disgusting.
No, by definition she has more delegates
[removed]
Here's another angle: http://i.imgur.com/DKmwNvi.png  -- blurry, but from what I can make out 90+% of them are Bernie signs! This might as well have been Bernie's convention. 
Don't think there's a danger of that.
Delegates, please stay and be the voice for our movement.  They cannot ignore us anymore!
Someone is organizing a [DNC Walkout](https://www.reddit.com/r/Kossacks_for_Sanders/comments/4uokum/dnc_walkout/).  Is the Clinton campaign behind this?  It's such a terrible idea!  Just boo the whole damn time!  As soon as you leave it becomes a Clinton love-fest on national television!
It's Sanders'
Just leave before the last speech.
i was a poll watcher in ny.  what disgusted me even more was the ballots given to people that tried to vote but were at the wrong location.  basically given a hush ballot to get them to go away.  provisional balots were not counted. why do these votes not count.  
He must push for unity as hard as possible.  He is attempting to prove to super delegates and delegates that he does not have control of this.  He cannot tell us what to do.

This gives him leverage with them.  He is the only one that can still beat Trump.  TRUMP = SCARY is on our side now.
This doesn't seem to be someone who wants people not to demonstrate...just saying.
Why does he care so much if he lost 'fair and square'? Why say this when he's supporting someone who, I'll go out on a limb and say, probably had a hand in this.
Now that the primary is over, it's time for open primaries.
Stop telling us to vote for Clinton. Get off your ass, get back in the fight and do your fucking job.
"But first you must elect this cheating Goldman Sachs scumbag lol.  #mostimportantelectionever"
I thought he wanted more caucuses.
It's time for Hillary and DNC be held accountable.
Is he senile? It's a little late to be asking for reforms.
So that means we put an end to  caucuses also ? 
Why on earth should someone who is not a party member get a say in the party leadership?
Yes, we need this!  This change can happen, and in Oregon, Mark Frohenmayer made great progress!  https://youtu.be/cRPitYNjunA 

See my post! https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4uqe1y/i_made_a_graph_people_like_sanders_and_kasich_but/


Open primaries would only hurt third parties. What we need is a switch to instant runoff voting. In NY, third parties would be hijacked by the major party establishment. They are already trying that route, trying to steal ballot lines from third parties. We cannot make it easier for them to consolidate power. 
Sorry, but I disagree. If you want to vote in a political party's nominating process, you should very well be required to be an enrolled member of that party. Otherwise, it opens the door to outsiders banding together to nominate a candidate with no chance of winning.
sorry Bernie, we don't care anymore since you clearly don't either
>  Why wouldn't you vote for HC given the circumstances and costs of a DT presidency?

Because they deregistered me as a Democrat, stole the election, disenfranchised millions, etc. We know the story. I don't reward corruption. I will not be voting for Hillary under *any* circumstances. My vote changes to another color.
It's been over talked and explained already. There are many threads discussing the arguments you've already put out.

I spent 15 months on Facebook telling everyone that Hillary was dirty and that if she got the nomination Trump might win in November.  

So if it seems like I'm unsympathetic when they wake up the day after the convention, and that might actually happen, I feel bad for them.  Friends who are gay or trans or have family members who are are going to suffer.  But I'm not going to try to protect them from the consequences of their choice.
and this is why i think he's probably happy to see his supporters not bowing down to clinton
Y'know, the one optimistic takeaway from this unprecedented shitshow is that change is actually coming whether they like it or not. Young people A) don't watch TV, B) don't trust corporations or mainstream media (oh, but I repeat myself), and C) overwhelmingly voted for Bernie over Hillary. This is the very first election where millennials outnumbered baby boomers and it was super close. They had to cheat like a mof' to get this far. As time goes on and the baby boomers go extinct, the progressive movement is only going to get stronger and harder to control.

Basically they bought themselves enough time to escape with all the money, but once they're gone, we can have what's left of our country back.
If ever trump wins, make sure you guys never make the dnc and hillary forget. This is on them.
I've been saying for a couple months that if things hadn't been so slanted toward Hillary, 2016 would be a choice between Sanders and Trump.

The DNC e-mails not only prove that, they show the anti-Sanders conspiracy was far larger and far deeper than I ever suspected. If the RNC had this level of corruption and media cooperation, Yeb Bush would have been the Republican pick.

Hillary's nomination is a shameful and intolerable abortion of the democratic process. The Clinton corruption machine needs to be stopped.
It is Hillary's job to convince you to vote for her. It is not your job to vote for Hillary. If she cannot convince her base to vote for her, then she has failed as a presidential candidate.
If you believe what I believe, he got more than 45% of the vote.
The fact that NPR has constantly been talking about Russia and Putin and nothing about DNC illegal activities solidified my vote this year.
I'm with you 100%. The Democrats have made their bed of nails and can sleep in it. Screw Hillary.
The worst part about all of this is that if Trump wins (I really hope he doesn't, but I will be voting with my head and voting Jill Stein) the DNC and democrats who are pro-clinton will blame us Berners and cause more of a ripple in the party. They are already saying we are horrible people and disgusting for not unifying under one of the most corrupt politicians in my lifetime. 
I didn't fault Sanders for endorsing Clinton but if he doesn't stand up for himself and his constituents for being blatantly cheated out, wronged and snubbed - I would lose some of my respect.
WHO KILLED THE WORLD 

WE ARE NOT TO BLAME
Wait for a floor fight at the convention. I doubt that will happen though. Then, resign your party membership once the confirmation of Clinton has happened. It's a quantifiable way to register your protest to the party. 
I'm not voting for Trump or Hillary.  Third party this election year.
Trump will be america's wake up call, fuck it.
My vote was one of the ones the DNC wasn't interested in (I wasn't counted)... so I assume they also don't need it come November. "This is on them."
I agree. When Bernie endorsed, I thought, OK, he's not going to be the nominee so I'll at least see what happens between now and the general election. If Hillary does enough, I *might* be able to vote for her. Not any more. I can't see how she could ever come back from this not to mention that she has said she's going to have DWS working for the Clinton campaign. Wow. Really?
Hillary needs to quit 
[deleted]
I hear that.  I would have voted for Sanders had it not been rigged against him and he got the nomination.  At this point I'll go with Jill Stein.
I agree. It isn't my responsibility to clean up their mess.
Yea i really dont want trump in there but eff this shit
I'm with you man. I refuse to vote for Hillary.

At this point a vote for Hillary is nothing short of corruption and lies. If she gets in office, she will set a terrible precedent.


Ok honest question.  I've been a Sanders supporter and think all of this is quite disgusting, but honestly predictable.  If anything the fact that all of this has come to light and proven *every* suspicion of collusion, yet no one seems to give a shit is the only surprising thing to me now.  

Anyway, my question is, despite all of this, I still truly believe a Trump presidency would swing the country so far to the ~~left~~ right (esp. with current congress) that progressive platform progress would be harmed.

Does anyone worry about that? I can't bring myself to vote for her, yet still I'm afraid she'll lose.


'If liberals are so fucking smart, why do they lose so god damn always' -- McAvoy

Their arrogance this election will cause them to lose.
If Bernie doesn't stage a coup at the DNC, you all should disavow. 

While I don't agree with his ideas (or many of yours), I believe it should have at least got put to a VOTE. 

You were robbed of that by DWS, unfairly, and she was publicly rewarded by the corrupt filth that cheated you.

Me neither. I'm not going to support this kind of behavior by giving them what they want (my vote).
If Hillary has rigged her nomination no doubt she is gonna rig the elections
This thread has been targeted by a *possible* downvote-brigade from ***[/r/ShitPoliticsSays](https://np.reddit.com/r/ShitPoliticsSays/comments/4ulccx/in_light_of_the_new_cnn_poll_trump_44_vs_clinton/)***

* *[In light of the new CNN poll - Trump 44% vs. Clinton 39% - there has to be some last minute talks going on about Bernie replacing her. [s4p +3416]](https://np.reddit.com/r/ShitPoliticsSays/comments/4ulccx/in_light_of_the_new_cnn_poll_trump_44_vs_clinton/)*

**Members of *[/r/ShitPoliticsSays](https://np.reddit.com/r/ShitPoliticsSays/comments/4ulccx/in_light_of_the_new_cnn_poll_trump_44_vs_clinton/)* participating in this thread:**





* [/u/theTANbananas](https://np.reddit.com/u/theTANbananas) 



-----
^ *^Private ^ownership ^over ^the ^means ^of ^production ^has ^become ^a ^gigantic ^barrier ^to ^innovation ^and ^ingenuity ^and ^must ^be ^replaced ^by ^a ^plan ^of ^production ^under ^the ^democratic ^control ^of ^society ^itself. ^--Adam ^Booth* ^


I'm not handing my vote away in fear. No one else should either. Bernie still has my vote. That man *needs* to be president. If Bernie and Johnson would team up, I think that may upend this whole bullshit contest.
[deleted]
Hilary will never get my vote
no moral person can vote for her.
Supreme Court Justice Chris Christie
I actually believe it was a bit over 46%
As a registered Dem I probably hate the potential nominee (Clinton) more than many Republicans. How's that for party unity.
Gary Johnson and Jill Stein are options.
Is anyone else ready to acknowledge that the DNC narrative that Trump is racist, is as baseless as the narrative that Bernie is incompetent?

I don't like it when I see Bernie repeat that particular DNC narrative because I think he is more honest than not, but so far Bernie is still sticking to the "elect Hillary" narrative as well.
Totally agree and we're not even discussing black box irregularities, the cut back in polling places, Bill Clinton stunts, Harry Reid stunts or voter purges.
Signed.
NPR was in fine form today as well, they finally acknowledged the existence of sanders but only because they needed to distract. 
Have you considered Jill Stein? Here me out. 

* I love Bernie. I became a Bernie delegate.
* I've been furious at what happened, starting months ago. I've written hostile emails, got in people's faces, cussed out the local democrat party, I've been seething with hate.
* I hated so much I decided to vote for Trump, simply to have the DNC learn a lesson, believing that's the only way to get change.
* I still believe that if Trump won, it would be a good thing since it would ruin the country and force people to create another party.
* But then came Jill Stein. Today I finally looked her up. The opportunity is now. Check her out. You'll feel better and you'll realize that the more the word gets around, the higher the likelihood of actual change happening. 
Enjoy a president Trump, morons
Vote for Trump. If he screws up. You get a new Sanders in 4 years. If Trump does'nt screw up. America wins.
Let's hope wiki leaks fucks her shit up 
I will not vote for Hillary. We even teach children cheating is wrong...
I feel bad for Bernie. He has to stand up and say vote for Hillary. He was crapped on and then got a late apology and he still has the integrity to get up and say what he promised he would say. I wish these emails would've leaked earlier ...
You people can't be real. You're all trump trolls, right?
I agree and am incandescently angry at the DNC, Clinton, and every superdelegate who came out a year before the election to endorse and Planned Parenthood and and and.

Trump really is worse, though.

Sophie's fucking choice.  Thanks, DNC.
Jill stein is awesome!

My barber is a 60 year old Korean-American woman. She told me today that she is voting for Hillary because she is "the most experienced" and "I want a female president".


Would've shook my head, but I was getting a haircut.
Here's an idea... all of you, Vote for Trump.

Let us have this election, and if the country is as screwed up as you think it will be... you'll win the next election with the Sanders' Type candidate in a landslide.
On the bright side, Hillary is the only Republican worth voting for.
Trump is going to win and it's all because the DNC is so manipulated they shot themselves in the foot by proving to the world how untrustworthy they are.

I'm no Trump fan but at least he's also anti-establishment, like Sanders, and he sure as hell was never wrong about the DNC afterall!

Sanders would have been an **outstanding** president.  :-(
Ok, honest question: Where is the evidence is there in these emails that the DNC did more than discuss potential anti-Bernie narratives? 
I've never been a fan of Bernie's personally.  It's foolish to value life long politicians.  However I didn't know much about him, and was assured by his supporters that he was different, and stood for something.  I said what I normally do, which is "we'll see".

Well, he just endorsed Hillary Clinton.  He's only as principled as politics will allow, like most politicians.  I commend you in realizing that Hillary isn't worth your support, but neither is he.
I'm amazed at the lengths her supporters will go to to prove that they will support Hitler with a vagina to the very end, no matter WHAT she does. 
This comment was deleted from the Wasserman-Schultz megathread:

It's irrelevant anyway. The Schultz controversy is a smokescreen, a distraction.

As Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. mentioned, research shows that exit polls are almost always spot on. When one or two are incorrect, they could be statistical anomalies, but the more incorrect they are, the more it substantiates electoral fraud.

This is shown by the data, which is extremely suspicious: discrepancies in eight of the sixteen primaries favoring Clinton in voting results over exit polling data are outside of the margin of error. Thats half of them outside the margin of error: 2.3% greater in Tennessee, 2.6% in Massachusetts, 4% in Texas, 4.7% in Mississippi, 5.2% in Ohio, 6.2% in New York, 7% in Georgia, and 7.9% in Alabama.

This is extremely, extremely abnormal.

The margin of error is designed to prevent this, accounting for the difference in percentage totals between the first exit polls and actual voting results for both candidates combined (as noted by the tables third footnote). For instance, if Hillary Clinton outperforms the exit polls by 2.5% and Bernie Sanders underperforms by 2.5%, and the margin of error is 5%, then the exit poll is exactly on the margin of error. When an exit poll or two is outside of the margin, this denotes failure in the polling; when eight defy it  egregiously so  that indicates systemic electoral fraud.

Keep in mind, these are the discrepancies in favor of Clinton between exit polls and voting results, from lowest to highest: -6.1%, -1.9%, 1.1%, 1.7%, 3.4%, 3.9%, 4.1%, 4.3%, 4.6%, 5.2%, 8%, 8.3%, 9.3%, 9.9%, 10%, 11.6%, 12.2%, and a whopping 14%.

(The exit polls from the Republican primaries do not show these types of massive disparities)

https://medium.com/@spencergundert/hillary-clinton-and-electoral-fraud-992ad9e080f6#.v2049erjo

"No one has yet figured out a straightforward method of ensuring that one of the most revered democratic institutions - in this case, electing a U.S. president- can be double checked for fraud, particularly when paperless e-voting systems are used." - Larry Greenemeier, Scientific American
Irregularities are unique to 2016

To show that the pattern of votes may suggest a systematic effort to undercut Senator Sanders, we must show that no such patterns were in place in similar elections. Given that Secretary Clinton lost to President Obama in 2008, their data is a natural control and the best possible point of comparison for the 2016 data. Thus, as we did for 2016, we tabulated the percentage of delegates won in each state by (then Senator) Hillary Clinton. The Qsllil show that, contrary to the 2016 data, there is no evidence that primary states without paper trails favored Senator Clinton in 2008, P = 0.38. As such, the patterns of 2016 are different from their best point of comparison.

Conclusion

Are we witnessing a dishonest election? Our first analysis showed that states wherein the voting outcomes are difficult to verify show far greater support for Secretary Clinton. Second, our examination of exit polling suggested large differences between the respondents that took the exit polls and the claimed voters in the final tally. Beyond these points, these irregular patterns of results did not exist in 2008. As such, as a whole, these data suggest that election fraud is occurring in the 2016 Democratic Party Presidential Primary election. 

This fraud has overwhelmingly benefited Secretary Clinton at the expense of Senator Sanders.
-Axel Geijsel, Tilburg University- The Netherlands; Rodolfo Cortes Barragan, Stanford University- U.S.A. - June 7, 2016

https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B6mLpCEIGEYGYl9RZWFRcmpsZk0/view?pref=2&pli=1

Interestingly, much information has recently come to light about the Clinton candidacy. Notably, the hacker Guccifer 2.0 released documents which he took from the computer network of the Democratic National Committee. Among these files, one tabulated a list of big-money donors to the Clinton Foundation. One fact has gone unreported in the media: Two of the three companies that control the electronic voting market, namely Dominion Voting and H.I.G. Capital (i.e. Hart Intercivic), are in this list of big-money donors.
To examine the possibility that the products linked to these companies had been used to commit electoral fraud, we borrowed the methodology of a paper by Francois Choquette and James Johnson (C&J). Their paper is based on one of the basic principles in the biological and social sciences: As the amount of data increases, the measurement of the average approaches the true average. In other words, as more data is added, the average fluctuates less and less. [...]

You see, these same voting irregularities had been shown to occur in the 2008 and 2012 elections in favor of McCain and Romney, respectively, by the researchers, Choquette and Johnson. In 2008 and 2012, McCain and Romney" were "financially interconnected with two of the major electronic voting companies." Both the companies who donated to the Clinton Foundation share a history of past election controversies and conviction for white collar crimes.

http://www.caucus99percent.com/content/election-fraud-story-gets-worse-irregularities-tied-e-voting-machine-companies-donated

Interview with Stephen Spoonamore on of the electronic voting issues that have been raised for a while now:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRW3Bh8HQic 

if you want to jump right to his explanation/comparison to his work with securing credit card transactions against "man in the middle" attacks:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=BRW3Bh8HQic#t=873 

Breakdown of why Electronic voting in general is incredibly insecure:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3_0x6oaDmI&feature=youtu.be 

Documentary going into Clint Curtis's story:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GhBtfiRKaVY 

(the guy from this video):
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEzY2tnwExs 

Fractional Voting:
http://blackboxvoting.org/fraction-magic-1/

HBO documentary Hacking Democracy:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7W7rHxTsH0
I will not reward them for their backstabbing, dishonesty, and corruption. They need to pay a price.

I am not afraid of Trump (I am voting for Stein). Even if Trump wins, I will take the unpopular evil candidate over the one that manages to fool half of the Democrat party that she isn't evil. We need to defeat the TPP and we need to stop destabilizing more countries.
#jillnothill
I love Bernie, I voted for him, I donated to his campaign, I believe he would be a great president for the people. That's not how it worked out. Get over it. We're starting to look just as bad as petty conservatives, throwing temper tantrums. You would really allow a Trump presidency and reverse so much progress we've made in the last 8 years just to prove a point!? That's is so extremely ignorant and petty. 
[removed]
[removed]
At this point his unfair treatment should be surprising to no one, but that doesn't make it any less disgusting.

This party is completely corrupt. It feels more and more as if we're part of a very elaborate game, and that is not how a democracy should work.
But doesn't that make a Trump victory all the more likely? At this point shouldn't Bernie's policy and platform matter more? 
I feel like this is part of something bigger and nastier, if it wasn't the strange way how the buildings fell in 9/11 or the situations covering the Kennedy Assassination that prove the existence of something suspicious, then the thing that happened to Bernie, along with all the Pauls on the Republican side, prove something is fishy... Not the "globalist" crap from the Alex Jones side (at least not fully) but more like corporate businesses taking over America, turning it into a Plutocracy. :(
Recall Iowa being 49.9% Hillary, 49.6% Bernie? Imagine the snowballing that could have happened if Bernie won the first one. That's why a stacked deck is significant.
You said rigged. Delete your account!
This is exactly how I feel. Even if Bernie had lost to Hillary, as long as it was fair and square, I'd have voted for her. But I refuse to condone the blatant election rigging by giving her my vote. As a lesbian, I'm honestly scared of a Trump presidency. The anti-LGBTQ bullshit is terrifying. My wife was also a Berner, but she's letting her fear of Trump guide her vote. It's caused quite a few heated arguments, and I'm not looking forward to Trump's victory and the self-righteous shitstorm I'll get about my role in handing him the presidency. 
Hillary sure sucks but I'll be voting for her simply because I'm a Texan and far too many people I know would be rounded up and deported by the Trump regime. I'm tired of being considered some capitulating asshole since I think the green party is perennially unserious and unlikely to win. 
Years from now, when historians are discussing the fall of the post-Trump United States people will ask why Hillary didn't just withdraw her nomination.  They won't realize that she'd rather the country burn than drop out of the race.

"Its me or the end of civilization, so fuck off and vote for me!"
Me neither.
Go Green.  Demexit and give $27 to Stein's campaign.
Who will you vote for then? For the love of all things holy, please don't say Trump...
How does Sanders earning 45% of the vote mean he deserves to be the nominee? Because "the system was rigged"? The people vote, not the system. We tried our best and we did really well, start voting for berniecrats in your area. 
I understand people liking Bernie's supposed ideas, but I don't see how people still like him after this. He is still supporting clinton after everything. I mean honestly I can't imagine what worse she could do to him and after it all he doesn't give a shit about any of his principles. Why do people still like him here? 
[removed]
ITS: naive children who just found out the world isn't fair, acting as though the DNC having a dog in the race is something new. It's not, and a few emails bashing your candidate does not a conspiracy make. This sub is comical, grow up. 
My opinion:

I'm not voting in the General. If I do it'll be a write in for Bernie or something to that effect anyway. 

But I hope Trump wins, if for nothing else than we likely only get 4 years of insane lunatic. If Hillary wins the nomination I don't think the Republicans can put a candidate up to beat her in 2020 which means re-election is all but guaranteed. 

If Trump wins, the DNC should be able to mount a good defense. If for no other reason than the simple fact that comes with Trump. Trump is either going to be the flaming shit storm we all think he'll be. Or he'll shock the world and be a great leader. There won't be any in between. If he ends up being fantastic by that 0.0000001% chance that it could happen, then by all means another 4 years. 

I'm not above saying I'm wrong. But if he's terrible, we'll get someone who isn't Trump or Hillary back in the White House in 4 years. And hopefully they'll be a much more progressive candidate after all of this has gone down. 

The most important thing we can do now is don't forget. We can't forget what we learned in this election cycle. Everyone is corrupt. Nobody is above it. We can't take anything for granted moving forward. And for the time being, we need to work on getting true progressive elected to our local and state levels. These are things that are a lot easier to work on as they're much smaller scale. With that will come real change regardless of who the POTUS is at the end of the day.
Dont bother with Hillary, she is the reason poor old Bernie had to go, he didnt want to be killed mysteriously like the others who dissagreed with Hillary!
President Trump thanks you for your support.
This entire convention is a sham.  I hope all of Sanders supporters make a nuisance of themselves at the DNC.
Same here.
Bernie's gonna vote for her. Maybe because he can see the bigger picture. Maybe because he understands what's at stake. Maybe because he knows this is how shit goes, but ran anyway so he could get his message out. And he did. And if hillary doesn't win you can count on that message getting buried with all other progressive ideas. Because as much as people hate hillary for playing the game they're going to hate it a lot worse when citizens rights are being trampled and the country is being run by religious zealots and conspiracy theorists.  
Ugh, I'll bite.

Who *will* you vote for?
So what are you expecting? Let's go with this. He gets the nomination. Do HRC supporters support him? 

The end result becomes Trump wins and we all get screwed.
Saying fuck the establishment is useless. By saying the fuck the establishment, you just concede it to someone who wants it more. The progressive movement has both the presidency and the Congress within reach, and by saying "fuck the establishment", you essentially are allowing the conservative (possibly rising fascist) element of the country free access to the power and control that the establishment position allows. You are essentially holding out for a future that won't come if the conservatives are not challenged by a united progressive movement, and it won't come because you let the conservatives take the wheel and put America on a different path entirely, undoing decades of forward development.
I'm with you. #NevertHillary.
I'm a republican and there is no way I can vote for Trump. I've decided to vote the libertarian, Gary Johnson. I think this is the year for libertarians to vote that way. Not that I think they can win but could make a point against 2 party system. 
You all got to chill the fuck out.  Trump for president, that's the reality.  Hillary is a shit show of course.  But she won't blow our economy up.   What happened with the last couple of republican president's.  Their policies put us I one depression after another.  Bernie lost but our best hope for this country is Hillary wins and continues the policies that further the middle class.  Trump will start world war three. And you know he will tell everyone it's about winning and we need to do this.  It will be huge!!! In casualties! 
The DNC didn't need to bother promoting her - 3 million more votes did. I doubt the DNC influenced enough people to shift the vote back.

Your candidate is not popular with the general public. Accept it.
Primaries are about ideals. Elections are about actual consequences. Refusing to vote for Clinton won't mean shit when Donald turns the planet to rubble. 
I see alot of people saying if Trump wins it is on the DNC and Hillary, no it is not. Is is the fault of people actively not voting and those voting for Trump. 
I think just more people wanted Hilary tbh
I'm going to say this and it will not be popular. 
Vote for Trump
Here is why, if you want change you have to show that your vote matters and you will use that vote as a tool to make things change. 
You are being told to be afraid of Trump but have you really sat down and thought about it? Because they know when it comes down to it and your in that booth you will fall in line like the sheep they want you to be. Don't be that sheep, voting Trump sends a bigger message to the DNC than voting a write in. 
Change will come when you show them that your vote is a tool that can hurt.
im voting against hillary because i hate her more. she killed vile rat.
It's okay to be bitter. It's not okay to hand the country over to The Donald because of said bitterness.
That must be nice to say from the comfort of your nice house and nice life and nice free time that you can waste on reddit. All the disadvantaged, underprivileged and unfairly treated of the US will be sure to thank you for throwing them to the conservative wolves.
For those of you planning on choosing Stein, I beg you to reconsider. This presidential cycle is particularly important for both sides due to the newfound vacancy in the Supreme Court, and if Congress were to have us wait until the swearing in of a new president, I shudder to think whom Trump would give the nomination. I hope and imagine that Congress would confirm Garland in the event of Hillary's nomination, which represents at least some progress in our interpretation of the Constitution. With Bernie having lost this round by slim margins due to the corruption of the DNC and primary system, we should move forward in our attempts to bring balance back to our country's political system from the ground up, from the local level, to state, to national. After all, a Hillary win is a loss for our country, but not nearly as much of a loss as a Trump win. That being said, let us make sure that Hillary is a lame duck president come 2020. 
Wait.... What? He got 45% and still lost the popular regardless and deserves the nomination? Lol? Get real, people. Corruption aside, Sanders couldn't win with people who wanted a non-radical lefty socialist with insane policies. That is why he lost. He lost the popular vote, guys. Grow up. Get real. You're honestly just sore losers saying stuff like this.. Yeah your party is corrupt and it was BS but seriously? Hillary won the poplar vote. Deal with it. Shouldn't you be focusing on how your savior messiah so wonderful Bernie is unapologetic in his support for Hillary? 

Bernie Sanders is a typical Washington politician. Sad reality you must face. 
http://imgur.com/a/sq4k1
and I'll remember what the far left did to us with president Trump, and I'll make it my mission at for the rest of my life as a moderate to make sure things like univeral healthcare are never ever implemented.

since you like handing out shit sandwiches enjoy the one I and the rest of the middle of the road democrats are going to hand you

Yes, let's all let Trump win to teach those at the DNC and Hillary a lesson. That will allow the country to have a wake up call for the next 30 years as Trump chooses at least 3 new Supreme Court Justices,that will show them.
So you want Trump then? Because that's how you get Trump.
I don't know about you, but 45% isn't the majorite #getOverIt
What turnip truck did you just fall off of?  This is politics.  There is nothing fair or democratic or honest about it.  When there is this kind of money and power involved all rules are out the window.  I like Bernie but you have to vote for the candidate that will get elected.  If you withhold your vote for the Dems. you are in effect voting for Trump which, as we all know, will be an absolute catastrophe.   The only hope we have for Bernie's ideas is that if Hillary gets elected she will adopt some of his platform.   

Don't help elect Trump just out of spite. 
White white white white straight straight straight straight. 

That's all I see here. Miles and miles of privileged people who don't give a fuck that Trump is going to rip every minority in this country to shreds.

I seriously hope you all fucking drown in blood if Trump wins. It'll be your fault my marriage is invalidated. 
Couldn't everybody who donated to Sanders sue the DNC?

I mean couldn't all the Clinton donators as well - I mean they didn't really have to donate considering the whole thing was a farce!

Maybe this was Bernie's plan all along! It will bring down the rich and maybe build a middle class for America!, if the payouts are good enough!
Griping about that is a luxury our country cannot afford when we have such a drastic difference between Democrats and Republicans, between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump,

Into the trash.
None of us were questioning the legitimacy of our complaint.
Pelosi is one of the complaints.
Clinton needs to step down. She was caught with her hand in the cookie jar and she will lose come November. If the dems care at all about winning she must go.
She is just trying to keep her seat. I remember her anti Sanders behavior and comments quite well, and will not be voting for her ever again.
No we have a revolution now and an enemy.
whaaa...

that's huge. nice
/r/StillSandersForPres
Stop dreaming about Bernie running anywhere, he simply won't do it. He won't risk electing Trump if he runs third party.
also plug for /r/FreePolDiscussion in light of recent mod power tripping
It's a new political sub without censorship
Post should read: Continue to get sheepdogged by the mods over at r/political_revolution. If you are interested in carrying on the revolution this cycle at the presidential level, you still have choices if Bernie doesn't pull off a miracle tonight. I'm not saying "don't come out to support down ballot progressives regardless of party", what I'm saying is that there is still a revolutionary candidate you can back: Jill Stein
Join!
I keep cking the new subreddit you created but still the traffic isn't anything compared to here.  is there a way to just keep this existing Bernie sub and shift the focus on this one to continuing Bernie's Revolution?  of course I have no idea why people aren't moving to the new reddit but they just aren't.
We shouldn't scrap a sub with 226k users either though, we need both.
Defeatist much?
The mods are not listening what can we do?
We need to keep it and use it even if the name will be a misnomer. Throwing the sub away just because Bernie's campaign is over is asinine. What was once a place to elect Sanders has long since evolved to a place to talk to like minded individuals, whether that be directly about Sanders or Progressivism, or the corruption of Clinton and the DNC, or the merits of voting your conscience v. the lesser of evils, etc. 

You don't reconstruct a mailing list over and over. Subscribers don't have to resign when a company changes hands. Its inconvenient for those that want to stay, and its unwise for the providers since recapture will be so low. 

If the current mod team finds that this subreddit no longer fulfills their wishes and ideals, they can move on, and create something new in accord to that vision. We can stay, others can step up, and we can continue forward in our own path, however productive that may or may not be. 

If this movement was about anything, it was about empowering the people to control their own political futures, and the mod team shutting the sub down without our consideration is the exact top-down approach I thought we were trying to relinquish all along. Let it stay.
Count me in if we form a coalition to keep this sub alive. I'll even help mod it . Regardless of the outcome we need to stick together. 
www.ourrevolution.com to start
How about we change it to "Bernie for leader of the political revolution?"
I wholeheartedly agree. We will go to Political Revolution and other subs but this does not need to close even with a misnomer. People have made themselves hear. We want it. ,mods can leave. We will find replacement mods.
https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4umz96/we_are_closing_rsandersforpresident/d5r3ytg?context=3
It would make sense to freeze this subreddit, since he won't be president, and for us to all move over to another more permanent one, like "SandersForLife" or something similar. We need to continue the movement, but we need a place where people inspired by Bernie and his ideals can honestly discuss other candidates without having comments deleted for "campaigning for other candidates" and such. 

There's definitely desire to keep moving forward, and I think if there wasn't, we'd be showing how truly "fair weather" we are. I don't want to think of us as spoiled petulant children who will quit the game when we lose the first round, and the steps we must take now (voting for people in local and state governments that reflect our ideals) are steps we would have always needed to have taken.
Does anyone have a link to the thread on enoughsandersspam? I really don't want to believe that anyone from here colluded with them until I see proof of it.
I'm with you. If she wants my vote she needs to start becoming very transparent. I want to see her speeches. I want her to have "real" press conferences. I will not vote for her if she won't do these things. 
Loving this lets get it to trend!!!
Catch22. If she released them, it would change nothing. We know what those transcripts say
Here's how she wins my vote:

1) Release transcripts (not a dealbreaker)
2)Vows to fight for working families and also vows to reject any money from big donors and only take contributions from the people and unions, like Bernie did.
3)Follow through on previous promise throughout the whole presidential race.

But she would never do this, loves money too much.
And the TPP emails while your at it. 
Good thing we haven't forgotten about that, just adds to the pile of reasons while we won't vote for Hillary 
I'm going to go out a limb and say she will never voluntarily release those transcripts. I fell like if they were 100% legal she would have done so already. They must contain "illegal" language. All it will take is one quote of her saying something to the effect of "when I'm president" or "as president I will" to prove she was breaking the law. by not releasing the transcripts she is basically saying "I plea the 5th".
I still wouldn't vote for her.
she can release annotated and illustrated transcripts printed on vellum and tied with thread of gold, still not voting for her
^^ THIS

No transcript, no vote from me. 
I FUCKING LOVE KYLE! LETS GO DUDE!
awesome!
Kyle Kulinski the God.
I was confused. Why did people shout down a speech about racial and social equality with chants of "NO TPP"?
The argument sucks, but the flowery rhetoric isn't helping. 

The best, most persuasive rhetoric has little flourishing. It consists of small, simple words with few syllables. Lincoln - considered one of the great speechmakers in history - was a master of this. If you read his speeches in chronographical order, you'll see his transition from the flowery rhetoric of his younger years, to a style reminiscent of (but still more eloquent than) John McCain's.
Thank you for the truth.
up vote this excellence
If they cared that much about stopping the TPP they would vote for Trump.
Awesome...keep it up guys!!!
Looks like CNN and MSM are spinning it as Russia influencing the election, but nope, nothing wrong within DNC.
Documents in question- https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/9423

>From:MirandaL@dnc.org

>To: GarciaW@dnc.org 

>Date: 2016-05-18 01:57

>Subject: RE: Ralston article 

>  Let's get this around without attribution

>Sent via the Samsung GALAXY S4, an AT&T 4G LTE smartphone 



******************

-------- Original message -------- 

>From: "Garcia, Walter" <GarciaW@dnc.org>

>Date: 05/17/2016 23:11 (GMT-05:00)

>To: "Miranda, Luis" <MirandaL@dnc.org>

>Cc: "Paustenbach, Mark" <PaustenbachM@dnc.org>

>Subject: Ralston article

> Good read, particularly this section.  These are small-picture people. Instead of accepting the plain facts that Clinton won the caucus and out-hustled Sanders at the state convention, they want to talk about arcane rules being imposed, whether chairs were really thrown and if anyone should make a fuss out of chalk on walls and sidewalks (even if the messages were hateful).

> These are people who think its fine to scream obscenities at a sitting U.S. senator, Barbara Boxer, **believe its part of their First Amendment rights to call a state party chair corrupt and who insist they are cheated out of something that was never theirs. If this is the Sanders revolution, give me the Establishment.  Sanders had a chance Tuesday to apologize to Lange, to concede his supporters were out of hand, to try to calm his troops stirred up by local troublemakers. That would have been leadership.**

*************


>Ralston Reports: Dems need unity, but they're getting mutiny<http://www.rgj.com/story/news/politics/2016/05/17/ralston-reports-dems-need-unity-but-theyre-getting-mutiny-nevada-democratic-convention-hillary-clinton-bernie-sanders/84521894/?mc_cid=6001cbd708&mc_eid=b3f6d44b0b>
I really hope Bernie has some change of heart by this evening, especially with DWS officially joining Clinton's campaign...
Apologies if this has already been posted - I've been away - but not only did the DNC try to spread that message about nonexistent violence at the Nevada state convention, they actively squashed the message of the executive director of the Ohio Democratic Party who reached out to let them know that their convention had gone well, as had other states' conventions, and that he and other states' parties would be willing to make positive statements about their conventions and about Nevada being an anomaly.

So the DNC not only lied about Nevada, they had state chairs actively coming forward of their own accord to describe how peaceful and productive their state conventions were (presumably these people were assuming that the DNC was acting in good faith and would want to put out a positive [and honest] message, not exploit a lie to try to harm one of their own candidates' campaigns), and the DNC suppressed their stories.

Makes the whole NV state convention/nonexistent chair-throwing BS even more infuriating.

[My emphasis added:]
> 
> -------- Original message -------- 
> 
> From: "Helmstetter, TJ" <HelmstetterT@dnc.org> 
> 
> 
> Date: 05/19/2016  10:57  (GMT-05:00) 


> To: "Miranda, Luis" <MirandaL@dnc.org>, "Paustenbach, Mark" <PaustenbachM@dnc.org>, "Walker, Eric" <WalkerE@dnc.org> 


> Subject: FW: **Nevada Narrative** 


> See below. **Is it helpful for us to start putting out state party chairs who can talk about how peaceful their conventions are and that Nevada was an anomaly, or is that counterproductive?** Ohio volunteers.   Thanks 
> >  From: Vickers, Jack
> 
> > Sent: Thursday, May 19, 2016 10:36 AM
> > 
> > To: Helmstetter, TJ
> > 
> > Subject: **Nevada Narrative**
> > 
> >   Hey TJ,   Just got off the phone with Greg Beswick, our ED out of Ohio. With everything going on in NV, **he wanted it to be known that they held their convention last weekend, and that it went off without a hitch. He said that HFA and Bernie folks were respectful of each other, and that the entire thing was orderly and organized with some really productive conversations about how everyone can unite to drive the party forward.**
>
> >**He said that he also knows that they're not the only state party with this story, and that he's happy to get people on the record to talk about how Nevada was an anomaly.** I'm not sure if youre looking to shift the narrative in this way, but this could be helpful if so.
> > 
> >  Jack Vickers | Acting Midwest Political Director
>>
>> Democratic National Committee 
>>
>>C: (603) 729-6506

DNC's response?


> From:mirandal@dnc.org
> 
> To: HelmstetterT@dnc.org, PaustenbachM@dnc.org, WalkerE@dnc.org
> 
> Date: 2016-05-19 13:03
> 
> Subject: RE: Nevada Narrative
> 
> 				
> 
>**Let's leave it alone.** 
> 
> Sent via the Samsung GALAXY S4, an AT&T 4G LTE smartphone 

https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/13003
So, I was looking into the two members of this email conversation, and it appears that Luis Miranda (the one directing Mr. Garcia to distribute this article) is the [DNC communications director](http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2015/09/dnc-names-luis-miranda-as-comms-director/432855/).  He also appears to have deleted his linkedin account in response to this leak - [search his name](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&ion=1&espv=2&ie=UTF-8#safe=off&q=luis+miranda+dnc+linkedin), and you'll get [this page](https://www.linkedin.com/in/luis-miranda-86a2a162) indicating that the profile doesn't exist (unfortunately, google doesn't have a cache of the profile).  

Walter Garcia, who was told to distribute the article, is the Western Regional Communications Director according to [his linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/walter-garcia-50662a79).

EDIT: It looks like /u/Phoenix_Patronus [posted](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4uipe2/dncleak_dnc_instructs_staff_to_covertly_spread/d5qbvez) another email from 2 days later where Mr. Miranda specifically told other members of the DNC to not address the fact that the Nevada state convention was an anomaly from a conflict standpoint, saying "[Let's leave it alone.](https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/13003)"
I feel betrayed. And what's worse is for supporting someone I believe shares the same values as I do, I'm labeled as a liar, violent, sexist and/or conspiracy theorist.
Sorry Bernie, I simply can't vote for Clinton despite your endorsement :/


>And by late July, Id bet a lot of other Democrats will be saying the same about the national convention as the ongoing, roiling fratricide in Nevada threatens to be a harbinger of trouble to come in the City of Brotherly Love.  Judging from the intensity of the feelings, and with a minority of Bernie Sanders supporters unwilling to accept reality, Philadelphia could be the venue where Donald Trump becomes the favorite to become the next president.

And here we are; late July and who are the ones doing their damnedest to hand Trump the win? It sure isn't the Bernie supporters you so deride you pompous jackass.
This attack is not only towards Bernie. It's towards us and I will do anything in my power to stop her. 

I will be in full support for Stein.

"Every one of us is poor and powerless. And yet together... we can overthrow an empire."
The High Berner
What is this reality they speak of? The fact that they colluded and cheated and people were angry over it. The irony being they are supporting Hillary and sending emails that prove it, then have the audacity to call us conspiracy theorists while they are neck deep in the conspiracy.
Meanwhile, in 2004...

http://i.imgur.com/85vbFKQ.png
What a fucking surprise!!! Bernie bros aren't rreal and just fabricated bullshit. Fuck this party.
This is fucking infuriating. News outlets should be exploding with this information. It's not just about the presidency anymore it's about the total corruption of our government. We need a major protest. We need to reject this whole corrupted process. There is no reason we need to accept it. 
Slimy to the core. Not my party anymore.
OP please cross post this outside of this subreddit.  this info needs to be more widely disseminated
>Judging from the intensity of the feelings, and with a minority of Bernie Sanders supporters unwilling to accept reality, Philadelphia could be the venue where Donald Trump becomes the favorite to become the next president. 

Yep. Philly is the venue where the scales tipped to Trump, but it wasn't Sanders supporters who did it. Place foot in mouth, chew vigorously.
Not a Sanders supporter (nor Clinton, nor Trump for that matter) but I hope my question doesn't get deleted by the mods. Just sincerely curious how some of you feel about this. Time will tell, I suppose, but do any of you feel more of a push to vote third-party or just note vote at all? I fully expect scheming from both parties, but when Hillary's campaign comes out and hires the person who actively conspired against your vote, and then still expects to court you because "Trump is soooo scary" that just seems to be a very flagrant "eff you" to the Bern people.
Yeah I'm not voting for Hillary now. I don't care what the consequences are. I have been on the fence a lot the last few weeks but I'm done.

I will not be treated like this by the Democratic Party and then vote for their Queen.

Fuck them. I hope none of then ever get elected again.
There is in my mind no question that people should go to jail over this. No way I am ever voting for HRC ever. 
This really makes me want to lift a chair angrily.
so pretty much EVERY SINGLE "conspiracy" about this election is coming true. How crazy is this Government to allow this. 


The Russia scapegoat is so predictable. 
>believe its part of their First Amendment rights to call a state party chair corrupt..
If Bernie doesn't disavow the DNC. I will disavow Bernie for allowing them to slander us without reprimand. Hillary does not deserve a single one of our votes.
If Bernie runs as the green party candidate I'd be soooo happy. 
this is as bad as the Nixon bullshit. Except as much of a piece of crap as Nixon was, he at least had the decency to step down instead of lie harder.

...out HUSTLED. Even her supporters are calling her a con.
>"These are people who think... believe its part of their First Amendment rights to call a state party chair corrupt"

Last I checked, this would absolutely fall under freedom of speech per the First Amendment. 

This whole thing is just gross.  Everyone thought it was happening, now it turns out it absolutely was happening and the worst things we thought to be possible actually did happen.
NEVER FORGET HOW SCUMMY OF A FUCKING ORGANIZATION THE DNC IS; SANDERS WOULD'VE WON THIS ELECTION WITHOUT SCHULTZ AT THE HELM
All these people pretending Hillary is better than Trump just got smacked in the face with truth.
disgusting people.

no one with a conscience would associate with the DNC.
Jesus fucking Christ. We don't get this kind of stuff in Canada.
Bernie must be the nominee, the primary was rigged against him and us. The DNC will lose if they do not make the right choice.
At this point it's not even that I don't care for Hillary for a multitude of reasons, it's also that I've been realizing how little I care for the DNC and the entire party's ethos. They've been coasting far too long on the "well, we're not as crazy as *those guys*, amirite!?" narrative. And I'm sure many have felt this for a long time, but you could never really capitalize on it without being labeled crazy by "sane people". Now all of this is out, where they're outright gaming things, and somehow it's still not sinking in across the board.

Sanders supporters were screwed with on a few levels. There's of course the whole mental level of trusting you're being treated fairly and being maligned when you question things. But there's also the sheer amount of people who invested money and time into something that the DNC, the ones really steering the election ship, never wanted to happen. To me that's essentially theft. They're not even addressing that side of this.

I can't support the DNC and I really want nothing to do with the party anymore. Toeing the line after all of this just seems like embracing your abuser because it's "scarier" to be on your own. No thanks. I'll continue to vote for the person whose policies and values I support, same as I ever have, but I don't need to have "Democrat" stamped on me anymore.
I'm done being a registered democrat. I can't get behind a party that's going to allow this kind of behavior, and then turn around and pretend like it's not a big deal. The leaders of the party really are no better than the Republicans, and I do mean that derogatorily to both Democrats and Republicans. The parties are a joke.
The DNC attacking our democracy has effectively meant they stole $100-$200 of my money and tens of hours of my time. I'm not going to fall in line for a party/candidate that has done this to me. I'd have no dignity at all if I voted for Hillary Clinton at this point. Enough is Enough.

http://imgur.com/a/P5WFV  (Just evidence of my involvement)
The concept of voting for Clinton now should be off the table for any serious democrat 
>believe its part of their First Amendment rights to call a state party chair corrupt

Literally the exact point of the first amendment. 
The DNC/Dems were like "guys, this is all a conspiracy", subsequently everyone shut off their brain and critical thinking. Then it turns out...
oh wow they orchestrated that???!?! it seemed so *organic* the way they suddenly started making shit up about "bernie bros" throwing chairs around or whatever

/s

these leaks are fucking hilarious these people are so blatantly corrupt
Don't sell us out and lie to us about who Hillary is Bernie. Enough of that bullshit. We know she is a corrupt, warmongering, Wall Street shill who can't wait to implement neoliberal trade agreements like the TPP. Quit telling us to be quiet and expect us to accept having the hypocrisy forced down our throats. 
**"...they believe its part of their First Amendment rights to call a state party chair corrupt..."**

Uh, holy fucking shit, is it not? Turns out the DNC is literally a fucking Facist faction, holy moly. 
This is just too fucking much.
> And the reaction to the vanquishing was akin to the petulant mewling of a baby who had been pampered until the moment he first was told no, wailing with no purpose other than to be loud, And just like an infant, the Sanders folks wanted it to be all about them.

this explains perfectly where the disconnect is between the DNC and sanders supporters. if the election is not about the people and the peoples wants then what is it really about? power, money and influence. not anymore...Hillary will lose this election and i fear not Trump but the republican control of congress passing their open hatred for many american citizens.
I was hoping the leaks would show proof of this.

It was so obvious when /#chairgate happened that was coordinated attack against progressives by the media and theDNC.

Now there's hard proof. 

This is fucking major.
How do I unregister from the Democratic party?
But guys. DWS has resigned. *Problem solved.* /s
Are these emails legitimate? I would've expected a huge backlash already but I don't see MSM covering this story, smh
So Bernie supporters are loud foul-mouthed rioting rabble rousers ready to beat people to death if things don't go their way, and Trump supporters are gun-wielding mass murdering racist maniacs.

Gosh, it's almost like in this narrative, the only reasonable people in the US are Hillary supporters. I guess that means if I'm not a wide-eyed lunatic or a racist killer, I should support Hillary!

<eyeroll>
Mutha Fuckas! Bernie Bros- huh???

This is exactly the sort of thing that can get end up hurting people. This is pure incitement of violence. All *aside* from voting/optic manipulation, which is a whole other discussion entirely. 


\#do-over
How does Bernie's endorsement of her make all of you feel now considering all of this? Honest question, not trying to stir anything up.
From the leaked email -- 

> {Clinton} out-hustled Sanders 

I guess that's one way to put it.
When I click the upvote button in here, I see two red canadian maple leaves floating upwards.  What's that all about?
Openly discusses Hillary taking donations directly to her campaign, well beyond the legal limit. Protests were raised, and silenced for fear of not receiving donations, then didn't receive said donations. They knew, watched it happen, and chose to remain silent. The shame is real.
http://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/1724
You violent Sander supporters will never get your way! /s I find it sad that they can actually use this crap to convince people. 
To think we donated all that money... to them...
Overall tone of that emil stinks and it is obviously biased, but I don't think I found the part in that email where they are instructing staff to call Sanders supporters violent. If nothing else at one point author writes that majority of supporters are non violent. 

Can someone please point me to the part that I missed?
Julian...If you are following these comments please check out this link and establish contact with the guy who had his book manuscripts seized by the feds at gunpoint. http://www.scam.com/showthread.php?707076-The-Hillary-Clinton-Saudi-Arabia-911-Clinton-Foundation-Seized-Manuscripts-Connect-The-Dots-Thread&p=1929539#post1929539
More of this information needs to be covered in simple, short, attention getting youtube videos for the non reading population. Although Humanist report, Redacted  Tonight, TYT, etc. are covering a lot of it, it still needs to be made even more visible. A lot of us are seething about it, but I'm still seeing people out everyday that either don't know much or else don't understand the significance of it, and I'm trying hard to find easy access info that is not over their heads, for the ones who seem interested.
Gosh it is so funny how when you bring up the nevada shit, even sanders folks shout you down... but now when there is proof about the DNC lying about it.
Can someone do us a favor and start compiling a list of things that came from these wiki leaks?
you guys still democrats? suckers.
I have a question, why can't DNC just claim Wikileaks edited their email?
So Sanders just earned biggest tool of the year award after getting completely shafted yet still supporting Clinton, right?
This makes me so Angry I could punch someone....wait...
Gentlemen, this is democracy manifest.
It's not fun to truly be seeing the democratic system at work for the first time, is it guys? Welcome to adult life. Our government is broken. And the system is rigged. 
I think it's funny how democrats (not a republican here FYI) thought themselves as the more reasonable party and then find themselves in the middle of this shitstorm.
If that's how it's going to be, then I think Bernie Bros can slap DNC staffers around and show them who's boss. 
I'm hoping for Bernie to 'Cruz' her tonight. But then I read the leak where he was promised a good place in the senate. Sorry can't post the link because of work.

He is going to kiss the ring tonight and sell his people out


Bernie bent over for Hilary, he is part of the problem if he can't stick up for what is right.
Imagine what they will do with foreign relations and their inability to remain open and honest. How will the world see our nation after this?
The number of Accountants on Twitter is mind boggling.
[removed]
With Hillary Clinton planning a replay of Harry Reid 2010  Im manifestly unpopular, people really dont like me and I have so many negatives that its all about YOU.

DWS "will continue to serve as a surrogate for my campaign nationally"  -Clinton
Clearly this is just the Russians trying to undermine democracy /s
how to make a decent point and an awful one in a single email damn. 
> Berniebots revolting threats

Is the irony of using the word 'revolting' completely lost on them?
To be fair to Oliver, they take a week to prep and research a story. The leaks broke a little less than 48 hours to air. With that much information for him and his team to cover the story in the manner it deserves might take a bit longer. I'd like to see him cover it in detail on this weeks program. Especially after the convention plays itself out. Just my 2 pennies 
This kind of thing that can be an eye on him and a lot of Republicans like Cruz.
"Yes, Reid controls the state party and the chairwoman. And, yes, Reid wants Clinton to win and did even before he officially endorsed her, all the while being as fair to Sanders as he could before he helped her in the caucus."

So Reid made sure to capitalize on the opportunity in favor of Clinton. 
Fuck I don't even know what to do at this point 
There were repeated violent attacks against Trump supporters outside of the rallies. Any theories on who they were?
She'll use it to be known that they don't label his program as news.
We're violent? K TKS DNC
"without attribution"... 

Shady fucks
Did you guys read the e-mail?  Judging by comments here most of you only read the headline and maybe the top line.  Read down and see what they were talking about.  
Can anyone tell me when the hacker gave Wikileaks this information precisely? It is quite odd indeed that they choose to release it now rather than prior to the closure of the primaries. Although if it was toward the end, then it was unlikely to have an impact at that point and would thus make more of a splash now. 
I remember a bunch of shills chirping on Reddit about Sanders supporters throwing chairs.
Add this to the mix and you will definitely change the outcome!  http://www.scam.com/showthread.php?706520-Good-Bye-Hillary-Clinton-Your-DNC-cronies-just-drove-away-8-million-voters-with-all-their-dirty-tricks-during-primaries-You-now-get-what-you-deserve&highlight=Clinton+Foundation  and just to be extra sure the super delegates have our full attention, show them this as well...  http://www.scam.com/showthread.php?707076-The-Hillary-Clinton-Saudi-Arabia-911-Clinton-Foundation-Seized-Manuscripts-Connect-The-Dots-Thread&p=1929539#post1929539
So I read the email can anyone explain to me how what the headline said is true?
Edit: OP is a troll he posts both on /r/donald and /r/conservative.... awesome.
Umm.... If it's not Bernie supporters then who are all these violent protesters supporters of? Hillary?
I don't see "violent" anywhere in the email.  Disruptive and causing a raucous?  Yes... but that's actually true...  (not saying it's bad)
[removed]
[removed]
It's like this. Fox might not like the DNC, but what it REALLY doesn't like, is anyone shining a light into the media's business. 

I'm this case, the enemy of fox's enemy is not their friend. 
Do we know who actually wrote the article?
Sue them, and not in USA, take it to the international court in Haag for idk, crimes against the people. I'm sure it will work no prob
The article in question seems to be fairly accurate about the convention.
Uhm... that article doesn't mention the Sanders supporters as being violent anywhere.
Note, WL have released a correction:

> Major error. The documents the article talks about are not the emails we released. Infact, not emails at all. Dates also wrong.

Waiting for the update to the correct emails.
Does this sub still exist? Pack it up already guys, Bernie sold us out. He doesn't have a prayer anymore. 
Can someone give me a decent breakdown of all the examples from these emails where The Clinton campaign may have coordinated with the DNC, and where the DNC or their members acted against Sanders. I know there's a lot of complaining, where people like DWS talk about how they don't like the man, but that's not really the same thing as coordinating with another candidate or acting against them.
[removed]
The headline is BS - the article doesn't portray Sanders supporters as violent - it even points out the false controversy of throwing chairs right at the beginning...
Still rather have HRC than DJT. The timing of this is too well-timed to think that the RNC didn't have anything to do with it. 

I bet if we got ahold of their emails, it'd look mighty similar. 
Is this the release that is supposed to guarantee an indictment? 
I'm a Sanders person and definitely anti HRC.  HOWEVER the folks who think HRC is the most corrupt politician ever - what planet are you on?  She's the one who was just most recently caught.  With ample irrefutable evidence, and that's novel.  Imagine what must go on that we do not know about.  99% of our politicians could have "Crooked" preceeding their name and it would be accurate would be my guess.
is bernie still running for president? is there a chance?
Where is the email where the DNC "instructs staff to covertly spread article depicting Sander's supporters as Violent" ?????


TBF, Sanders supporters ***were*** violent. Source: I attended several Trump rallies and witnessed violent Sanders supporters at every one.
Settle down little sheep. You were just simply out-classed.
Love, Hills
*"Losers always talk about doing their best.  Winners go home and fuk the prom queen."* -Sean Connery, *The Rock*
Delegates on Thursday should go silent when HRC takes the stage. Go silent and walked the whole floor the fuck out.
[removed]
The moderators of this sub requested that the Reddit admins do that for them originally, as I understand.

As the Reddit admins were unable to, the new sub was the result.
We are all angry, upset and lost.  We have experienced a bitter defeat and it is very easy to be scared in the futility of our rage. It is imperative that we take time to grieve, to heal and to adjust ourselves to this new reality.  I for one am re-deliberating my choices.  This [debate](http://www.democracynow.org/2016/7/26/who_should_bernie_voters_support_now) while far from convincing me, prompted me to ask the right questions - questions that we have to be asking ourselves.  These are the questions that can guide you out of this quagmire, regardless of whether you go from one side to the other.
You say you want a revolution. Revolt. Organise and get out on the streets. Be heard, ignore the mainstream press, they're bought and sold. Use social media. 
That's one thing I can't quite understand. How can they actually strip the credentials of someone who was elected to represent a pretty sizeable group of people? Isn't that just wiping away their votes, like with a cloth or something?
Keep the Anti-TPP signs flying. 

Aside from that, I wouldn't mind this strategy going down- boo so loudly when that gargoyle perches on the podium, so loud that they can't overdub it with hollow cheers. 
Why not just stage a massive walkout when Hillary goes up to speak?
NO! Boo loudly and as often as possible. They must know we're not unified, that's the only chance we have to pressure Clinton to actually move left. If they take your credentials away, which is unlikely, then we'll make that the story.
Prove my claim? They have already threatened to pull credentials for not coughing up signs. Bernie supporters have been kicked out of debates for 'being too loud' I don't think there's anything to prove. What I'm saying is I don't want our delegates to get kicked out until the anointment which is where it actually matters.
Keep booing and boo harder when Obama speak with anti-TPP signs
Tim Kaine also deserves some booing no? Wednesday night is also a good boo night.
At least save booing for right when each little wave of cheers dies down - you will be heard!
Let's hope the very honorable Nina Turner goes Green.
Paul Ryan takes the opportunity of chaos to elect himself President.
The movie begins Hillary becomes president by rigging the entire election and she becomes the De Facto Dictator. The rest of the movie is about Sanders and Trump supporters joining forces for the sake of American democracy to overthrow the Clinton regime in an action packed blow out. Hillary Clinton is captured by the resistance and is burned at the stake, restoring American democracy. Trump and Sanders have a do-over election between the two and will be elected legally.

Directed by Michael Bay
To get real change, we need a simple upvote/downvote ballot.

This change can happen, and in Oregon, Mark Frohenmayer made great progress!  https://youtu.be/cRPitYNjunA 
Hey where's Rand?
A Sanders-Kasich general would have been a pleasure to watch, honestly. =(
[deleted]
If you're in California, it has to be no party preference, not independent. Independent is an actual super right-wing party here in California. You wouldn't have been able to vote for Bernie in the presidential primary if you were registered that way. Whatever state you are in, be sure to check out the details before you register as an independent.
Don't do it if you live in KS,FL,AZ,WY, and DE!

We need to be dems to participate in the congressional and senatorial primaries!
Much better than the DNC youtube channel, thanks!
Rumor is sanders was going to have a larger role tonight. Am I the only one whod rather not see more of him this week? I really don't want to see him associated with the DNC or Hillary, despite what the new reality is. 
If Kucinich was 4" taller and his voice 4 octives deeper we might be wrapping up his final term as president.
I'd like to see Kucinich run for President again.
I think she would bring a lot more voters, but I am glad she did not because I did not want Bernie to be tainted by her 
They act like were in high school. Oh look stars and celebs! Screw that
/r/StillSandersForPres
This is the first mention I've seen of a "coalition govt." both for this election and as far as I can remember in the U.S. in general.  I guess that would mean progressives in key posts, too bad about Kaine for VP, that would have been the most substantive olive branch that the Clinton camp could have extended.
It would have worked better if they'd picked someone funny.
Waiting until tomorrow was the first step. Subscribing r\PoliticalRevolution is step two. 
Then get out, get active, and run for office. 
100% agree, though I'm a few elections older. 

This grandstanding style of politics needs to stop. 
I'm in the same boat- first time voter. The whole process is bullshit and it's extremely infuriating. I've learned so much in the past few months about how our government works and fully intend to work to elect progressive politicians at every level. We need to continue to educate our generation about the corruption and shadiness that needs to be weeded out as I truly believe it's up to the youth to transform this country
>Is this really politics?

No it is the illusion of choice. The GOP wasn't as dishonest and honored the will of their people.


Now they got a New York republican who vows to stop multinational tradedeals and their platform includes breaking down the big banks.

The GOP did more than just pay lipservice to us which is a miracle.

I care. Thank you for sharing. 
Please consider, and speaking as an idealistic fellow who is considerably order, there is nothing pure in this world.
That is perfectly acceptable to both accept this reality and simultaneously "never lose your sense of outrage."
I share your anger and sadness and add some anxiety.

One has to grow hard but without ever losing tenderness. 
Che Guevara
Good read, but herein is the problem with the libertarians:  
  
> Lets be clear. I dont agree with Sen. Sanders on a lot of things. He tends to see government as the solution, and I tend to see government as the problem. He would have Washington DC spend more of our tax dollars, I would spend less. I see government today as a threat to freedom; he would have government grow and do more.  
  
Obviously in this election all the candidates are flawed, but this is something to remember.
"Cronies" are just Capitalists. All Gary Johnson, all any libertarian wants, is to give them more power and let them run around unfettered out of some propaganda-instilled blind faith that an invisible hand will save them and make things right. Say no to propertarians. Their concept of freedom starts and ends at property rights, taxation, money. Look around you to see the kind of anti-social dystopia that results in. If you want real libertarian principles, real democracy, turn to socialism from the ground up. Worker control, not little dictator control.
Wrong sub. 
Trump wants to raise taxes on the rich and super tax people making foreign investments.  No laundering, no offshore bank accounts, no moving services to Mexico, China, etc or they'll pay for it.   Of course big global companies don't want him. They've been dodging taxes for years.  
[deleted]
What would that look like exactly? I understand all this anger to a degree, our guy didn't get the nomination. But I don't understand this idea, our votes don't count. the party platform has changed a lot thanks to Bernie and all of his supporters.  I get the lack of trust from Hilary but I feel like they (being her and the DNC) has given us the olive branch with the platform change. Now it's on us to vote for her and give her the chance to implement it. If Bernie can't convince his supporters who don't trust her then I have no idea what will
Clinton has a couple more months to make the case for "still Sanders" supporters - we'll have to see if she puts them to good use.

As far as #StillSanders - I see this as a declaration that we still stand with the policies this campaign fought for and though Bernie isn't going to be our nominee we continue to fight to get them implemented.
Plug for /r/FreePolDiscussion in light of recent mod power tripping

It's a political sub without censorship 
Come on let me know what you think.
I choose whichever isn't Trump 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fw7XiCJL4M

youtube stream for people like me who have issues w/ twitch ie shitty buffering
Why does the Dailymail.uk have awesome photos of the protestor also on this page, while the US media pretends noting happened of note?
He lost within the margin of errors, gee... I wonder if he would have won without voter suppression... 
Link? I wouldn't put much weight onto anything posted on /r/conspiracy.....
More can be accomplished for the movement by voting for a thirdparty candidate
Many states don't have the option and in the few that do, every single one of them will go into the bin and will not be mentioned or counted..

Best to put your vote behind a 3rd party and help them get the necessary 15% of the vote..
[deleted]
Stop with this BS Bernie bashing. Man has stood for us for decades and you turn your back on him when he's trying to make smart, clever chess moves. He is not done with The Political Revolution so cut this cheap out.
I know.  Deb is very disappointed.  We ALL are.  Especially those of us who have been following election fraud for the past 16 years.
You don't want to be that guy in politics. Unless we can prob die hard proof it is best if he doesn't comment on it
Yes, I recall the Ron Paul revolution... They screwed him over almost as much as they did with Bernie... Didn't agree with half of his policies but he seemed like a decent guy, would have voted for him over Obama if he was the nominee (ended up voting 3rd party instead..)

I personally won't be voting for Hillary and, as always, I'll keep voting for the best candidate available, regardless of political party.
Unfortunately, the Bernie or ~~bust~~ Trump people want to do exactly the same thing to the Democratic party. Bernie ran as a Democrat because he knew that was the best chance for him and his supporters to affect change. The same movement that seriously challenged Hillary can continue. They can make a difference in down-ballot races. They can help get progressives in office in the mid-terms. And if they grow the movement they can win a nomination in the future. But they didn't win first time out of the gate and now they want to burn it all down.

Edit: and, I wanted to add, that I agree with you regarding non-swing state voters. I'm seriously leaning toward Jill Stein, because I live in a solid red state.
Regardless of where you live, nobody should vote for continuation of corruption
There should be consequences. An apology alone is not sufficient. Heads rolling is not sufficient. The bottom line is that this was not a fair election from the beginning and the results should be invalidated. Short of that, what we are now witnessing is the gradual dissolution of the rule of law in this country. If the rule of law were still in effect, Hillary would have been indicted. If Trump wins the White House, that could still happen. By nominating Hillary rather than Bernie, the Democratic Party made that outcome a real possibility. 
Snek 
She's using lawyer speak again, probably directly from the Hillary camp lawyers. 


Yes, no proof she participated in favoritism.



 There is very much proof though that the DNC, under her command, was blatantly participating in collusion for a particular candidate. 



Then why did you resign??
Moron. They deserve Trump. God fucking luck
This is a video from March.  She didn't say that after resigning.
Please campaign for Tim Canova who is running against DWS in Florida's 23rd distrist.
Not a shred of humanity or decency in her. If she says there is, ask for proof.
Any time a politician begins a sentence with "I truly believe..." they're about to say some total bullshit.
Every lawyer suggests to their clients that they plead not guilty.
loooooooool
Work for a liar and become one...as easy as 1, 2, 3
Wat 
gave to tim to defeat this horrible, terrible, colluding, piece of shit.
When will she be hanged for treason against democracy?
What about the HRC2016 personalized license plate on her private vehicle? 
What an effin liar. She got a good mentor in lying. 
What an effin liar. She got a good mentor in lying. 
So uhh DWS doesn't have Internet or read the news
1:05

"her opponent Bernie Sanders"

that's not a very impartial framing with her choice of words there. No wonder the host calls her out by the end.
If you want more of the same, pull the lever for Rotten Clinton. if you are willing to try for something else, vote for the Stumping man. He is not as scary as CNN wants you to think.
Right on
[removed]
ditto :)
Her number will tank more. More leaks coming. Hopefully, Bernie WILL have to come back
He even said it himself. Hillary clinton has to earn our vote herself.
That's fucking awesome, thank you to all of the delegates screaming tonight, you're the real MVPs.
The way she says it makes it that much better. 
Perfect
A fellow Middle Eastern!
Good job! Stand your ground delegates! We love you and the revolution thanks you!
Haha i was dying watching this.   
bahahaha good lawd
Does anyone have a link to the full video? I'd love to hear the rest of her answer.
Amen sista
Short and sweet.  Luv it. Would like to have seen the reaction and follow-up.
Too bad you didn't include the entire interview, she clearly doesn't know what she's talking about
i raised this concern in my comment on the sticky.

i don't think it should be deleted, or redirected. it should just be locked, and left available for people who want to go back and look through it in the future.
There is a shit ton of very important content that has already been deleted via excessive moderation.  I agree though, the entire sub needs to be preserved for historical reasons.
I want to see this happen, too. Old posts / data need to be preserved for research, reference and history.
It should not be deleted. It can go on with other volunteer mods. mods can leave if they want to..
Don't close it down, don't remove it. People could studie this.
Historically this is very important. 
Please please please don't do it.
Is something like if you remove the history of all human kind, people don't learn from mistakes.
Oh my god is she being serious right now? Talking about big business, the system being rigged, and she's supporting HILLARY. Does she...not know?
WE TRUSTED YOU
This is just a slap in the face to all democrats and the Hillary supporters are too goddam ignorant to see through this horseshit
"The system is rigged but it ended up being in my favor so it's okay."
...you don't say?!?
Man, it must be nice to talk about the things you helped happen...
Why wasn't there a larger reaction to this
Hillary: I rigged it!
"The system is rigged, so I decided to endorse the candidate who will do everything in her power to keep it that way and has directly benefitted from it being rigged." 
It was like a veiled SOS signal.
...she says, participating in a rigged system.
I dunno, that remark seemed purposeful. Like a thinly-veiled swipe at the DNC.
She sounds like she's reading a newspaper article out loud. Trying to sound emotional but sounds tired and contrived. 
Yeah, now there is something we didn't know. But at least we know that Elizabeth is party to the establishment. I wonder what Hillary promised her, A Supreme Court seat?
lul
It's a tough thing to be in their position. I trust warren and bernie, but I get why they're doing this. Part of me thinks they're trying to force hillary's hand, get her to be on their side so that the nation will expect her to be against big money in politics. 

I think it will backfire, and she'll lie her way out of it. As of right now, I'm going Green.
Kind of wish Warren ran instead of Bernie but that would be putting her current the position at too much risk if she didn't win the election. 
Is it just me, or has she just started looking like a blithering idiot since she endorsed Clinton? She used to talk with such confidence and conviction. Now she looks and sounds like she has no real idea what she's saying.
please preserve the sub, just lock it from further commenting.  we need to save the content within.
Please do not make this sub disappear. It means so much, you have no idea. Thank you.
Let this sub stay open until the end of the convention, and dedicate p_r for down-ballot candidates and progressive change. Saying this as someone who's been here since the beginning of the primaries.
Can you just lock the sub?
Please don't close the sub.  I agree that it should be locked and not deleted.
I wrote the hugely-popular (4990 upvoted) piece on election fraud in NY. 

don't lock it down. This is a community that will continue to work to instill the spirit of the Revolution in our politics for years to come. The trolls? Well, there are a lot now, and many of us have been too demoralized to even comment (speaking for myself, at least). Don't rush to a decision like that. This is your community to moderate, but it's ours to own.
Don't remove the sub! We need to archive the material!

I wholeheartedly disagree. I may not have ever posted content here, but I have commented many times. Even so, just because someone doesn't post content doesn't mean they don't come here for content. This is my first stop when I get on Reddit before I browse my front page. Every day. 
[deleted]
This sub is able to organize political discussions and movements, and you are trying to rationalize silencing those discussions.
a lot of us have known as much for a while; we're overrun by trolls.

still hope you simply lock the sub rather than delete it or redirect it.
[deleted]
Can you please just lock the subreddit and not delete it? 
:(
[deleted]
I am not sure if I have posted in the sub before. I'm basically a lurker on reddit. This sub should not be deleted. It has documented so many valuable posts along this journey. 
Show us how you got the numbers please! Otherwise you'll just fuel more controversy.
Why don't the mods move on? If you are upset with what posters on this subreddit submit material then you can leave. No need to spoil the conversation.
If you don't like the discussions going on, leave the subreddit. That applies to subscribers and mods. Ending the subreddit because you personal don't agree with its direction is a disservice to this site's political diversity. You should be ashamed.
Please reconsider I am in the medical field and there are lot of Bernie supporters who are left feeling demoralized, traumatized are vulnerable right now. Please consider this a place for them to vent, recover and try to heal. I appreciate the mods and thank you for your hard work but I think people need a place to gather. To those of you who are suffering and don't know what to do I suggest that you respect and do not discount your feelings. They will come in waves. This is a time to get enough hours of sleep, eat healthy, drink clean water, go for walks, watch comedy, read positive uplifting literature. Aloha my brothers and sisters Aloha
(Lurker here) Sadly I was a bit disgusted with some of posts from last night, ended up looking through their comment history and most of them were originating from thedonald. It's pretty clear they just want to rile you guys up to make you vote for trump instead of clinton and i'm not sure thats a wiser option with how far right trumps been swinging.

I wish you guys the best in your future endeavors and hopefully none of you will get caught up in the falsities that are being thrown left and right.
Am I allowed to say where 80%+ of Sanders voters have gone to, so the rest of the (sane ones that will actually listen to Sanders) folks can come with?
Fuck the mods. You're making a mistake and you're only going to make it harder to help down ticket progressives. You all should be ashamed.
I'm glad you are finally seeing what I'm seeing. But I hope you expand your mod team in PolRev. The current team is just too small for a community so large.
What is the downside of keeping the sub open? If you don't want to moderate that is fine. I appreciate the work the entire mod team has done but just because the nomination is over doesn't mean this sub can't be utilized for other purposes. 

It seems incredible short sided and disingenuous to say the sub has become toxic and should be closed/archived when the DNC isn't even over yet.
The trolling will settle down once the convention is over.
I don't submit posts anywhere. I pretty much only use this account for commenting. 

Your post is bad and you should feel bad. I've been here since the beginning. 
Would you consider reopening the sub if there is extremely breaking news, such as another wikileak that clearly indicts HRC?
Lol, laws being applied to Hillary and the DNC, that's a good one.
If I understand correctly (which is debatable...), in a real trial, you can ASK for a mistrial, but it only really happens if the judge declares it. I can't see the DNC making such a declaration... And, with a real case, your recourse is to appeal, but even if the DNC did declare a mistrial, there is no time left for an appeal, that is, there is no time for another primary process.
And the judge goes to jail too
Everything's fine, vote for Hillary /s
[removed]
[removed]
Like what Bernie did 
Maybe ya'll could stop deleting posts, huh? 
closing it down is a mistake
It should not be deleted. It can go on with other volunteer mods. mods can leave if they want.
Definitely.
Don't close it down, don't remove it. People could studie this.
Historically this is very important. 
Please please please don't do it.
Is something like if you remove the history of all human kind, people don't learn from mistakes. 
Yes, I can't believe the mods are even fucking talking about shutting it down.

How about a fucking poll guys? Is that such a crazy thought? A bit of fucking Democracy?

The mods are 100% on the Clinton campaign
Not at all. Although I'm not voting for her, other Sanders supporters who now support Hillary have their own thoughts and reasoning for doing so. Saying that they're frauds is shitting on everyone who busted their ass for the progress we've made.
I think anyone who thinks Hillary is actually worse than trump was never a Bernie supporter. Look at the bigger picture. Politics isn't all or nothing. Look to the downticket. The revolution isn't over but it will be set back big time with trump in power. Grow up and quit being such babies about this. Yes it was rigged. Yes the DNC has some serious issues and yes we need major transformation, and we are well on our way to getting it. So don't fuck it up by electing a fucking orange baboon racist windbag just to send a message
So Bernie never supported Bernie?  Makes sense.
This rule violating post has been up for two hours despite it being reported when it came out. Wtf are mods doing?
That's just flat at wrong, and this is coming from someone who will vote 3rd party since I'm in a guaranteed blue state. There are plenty of reasons to vote for her even though she is terrible. Giving control to the republicans will make the job of the next progressive president that much tougher. Letting the dems control will make the job a lot easier for a progressive president to come into in 2020 when we primary Hillary. 
Agreed
I will vote for the candidate who took no money from the big banks, wants to restore glass steagall, will veto TPP, believes in strengthening entitlements and universal healthcare, and most importantly is getting the GOP to support these issues.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77LTh9QIhxw
You make an interesting point, you really can't be simulatenously for Transparency, Integrity, Honesty and Justice and possess an egregious disregard for the very same values.
That is false.
100% true 
Same experience here mate! Let's keep our political revolution alive!
Me too! I'm not giving up on our political revolution even if it means waiting until 2020 to get a real progressive in the Oval Office. We also need to help elect progressives in congress and at state and local levels.
Mine was when the Court gave Bush Jr.  His first term.    Talk about disbelief.   When the Supreme Court steals the election from Gore and gives it to Bush.   I've been bitter about the system since....and every election cycle I am reaffirmed why I'm still bitter.


Shit sucks, but it's not all doom and gloom.  Fight hard and work at the local level.  Getting progressives In locally and at the state level is probably more important than  the presidency  
First time eligible to vote, first time understanding why it is people don't vote.
Think Big, Not small.
Exaclty, Bernie makes me want to be a better person every day., to do things he would be proud of, to create what I know the world should be like. No one can take that away from me, not even Hillary
"Our first task is to make sure Hillary Clinton is elected..."

**nopes out**
link please
Yes, link to NY for Bernie page? There are several.
https://www.facebook.com/newyorkforbernie/?fref=ts

Even on there I see no live feed...

Check out Josh Fox's facebook !
We fight for real progressive values just like we did yesterday. And the day before that, and on and on. 
Green party #DemExit
Really depends on if the senate dems win back a majority imo.
DemExit 
We fight. We go in and vote in a third party and let the DNC go to hell. 
MLK did not help end segregation by getting someone elected. He did it by performing direct democratic action. Democracy is about more than just voting and elections. It is about winning ideas and influencing your community. It is not the elected officials we need to put our faith in. It is US. And it will always be US. 
[deleted]
I got mine about a month after I ordered it. I had forgotten about it and then it arrived and I went "oh yeah that." Never got around to putting it on my car.
Chainweasel, you are not alone.  I don't quite understand Bernie's actions, especially after he fought so hard and honorably.  It is true he agreed to support the Dem nominee when he ran as a Democrat, but given the way he was treated by the party, nobody could fault him for going back on his promise. We may never know his true motivation, but I'm sure he did what he felt he had to.  We must also do what we feel we must and vote for Jill Stein.  I've been voting Democratic since my first election 44 years ago.  The Dems have never done anything but disappoint me. Their promises and threats are both meaningless to me now. Casting my vote for the lesser evil has only led to being offered increasingly poorer choices. This year we have arrived at the point where the pre-selected Dem candidate actually is a Republican. That fact actually frees me to vote my conscience.  I have always wanted to vote Green Party in a national election, because that is truly where my heart is.  If the Democratic Party has nothing to offer me but fear, then they no longer deserve my vote.
Yep, but do they have the backbone to do the right thing
How has 90% of DNC has not resigned? 
I think I love you, you genius!
WTF. This is a convention and a vote hasn't even been cast yet. Bernie supporters have every right to be there to support their candidate. GDmit!
Yeah we know this.  So they are taking the Love Trumps Hate signs and the stronger together signs and modifying them with markers to say "Stronger with Bernie" and "Bernie Love".
/r/StillSandersForPres
Already reported. Also Bernie people on the floor to calm down Bernie delegates when they're getting noisy, as reported by Jimmy Dore on TYT.

Though when I posted this here as a separate topic, it got quickly removed by a mod, because apparently reporting what's happening is conspiracy and fear-mongering...

Let's see if this comment manages to stay up \o/
You'll be able to tell who they are by their brown shirts.
So much for Party Unity.
[deleted]
I live abroad in Switzerland. Do you by chance know how I can leave the party online?

Politico was in the DNC leaks as we all know now. Don't forget that it isn't a one time thing:

http://gawker.com/emails-top-clinton-aide-secretly-wrote-item-for-mike-a-1757323650

This is PR
I'm a twenty year old and I don't care about Trump being president sorry. I know kids in their teens who don't care. If anything it's Hillary supporters who blow this shit out of proportion. You know what is scary? An anti democratic system to rigs elections! 
The DNC has clearly chosen a Trump presidency.  

Edit: Sarah, SS, Silverman can go F herself. 
Reading through those comments, eek. One thing I can say, is Bernie supporters are civil. HRC supporters are so vile mouthed, using bullying, brownshirt tactics of just calling people vulgar names and insulting them to get their point across and bully people into submission. Now that is fascistic. 

If the people who post about Hillary online represent her followers and campaign (birds of a feather) I want nothing to do with it
Fuck Sarah Silverman. 
>Chat is disabled for this live stream.

This is not surprising.
THIS!!!!  

I feel like realizing that we live in a corrupt dictatorship is like realizing you're spouse is an abusive asshole. 

All our friends knew - Everyone else in the world knew it, and we're the last to know. 
I didn't leave the Democratic Party. The Democratic Party left me.

What they did to Bernie broke my heart. I'm done.
Let's be clear. HRC, the DNC and the MSM actively engaged in practices that suppressed democracy. This is what third world counties do to keep dictatorships in place. You're right to feel THREATHEND on every level.

FTFY
Everything you say, and more is documented right here. Imagine an American author having his book manuscripts seized at gunpoint because they talk about U.S. officials smuggling drugs, ordering murders, and setting up Panama bank accounts ---> http://www.scam.com/showthread.php?707076-The-Hillary-Clinton-Saudi-Arabia-911-Clinton-Foundation-Seized-Manuscripts-Connect-The-Dots-Thread&p=1929539#post1929539
And they're not even good at it! Even a mediocre dictator can get 85% of the vote.
Indeed, DNC is a banana republic rigging elections and all the media can talk about when the concrete evidence has emerged that bias has been expressed in an election for the most important job in the world, is that some Bernie supporters shout the same things that Repiblicans do, despicable!

A freaking election has been rigged and cheated from people's hands and all the media barely even mentions it instead talking about bullshit topics. 
This is the thing I can't begin to understand about Hillary supporters.  Can you not stop for one second and step outside your bubble and think, gee how would I feel about this issue (or any of her many issues) if this was done by someone on the other side.  Can I honestly believe that anyone would stand for this from Donald Trump and the GOP if the exact situation were occurring? Can you really sit there and think that our media (excluding FOX news) is unbiased when they go on for days about a plagiarized speech by Melania Trump which should have garnered about two minutes of "well isn't that humorous, now on to real news" and then when something real happens they find a way to spin it so as to cause the least amount of damage to Hillary Clinton.  If this was the RNC found to be colluding with Fox news and Donald Trump, my god.  If it's not okay for the other side to be doing, it's not okay for YOUR side.  If you can't see that you are blinded by teams and you are part of the problem.  
[deleted]
Anger is an energy, use it.
Yet, most will still vote for Hillary.  Insanity!!!
yes
only the UN isnt monitoring our elections

It reminds of the Soviet Union and NYT, WAPO, are Pravda and there is really only name on the ballot
Must be what republicans have felt like for the last 8 years.
Vote a reliable 3rd party candidate. If 3rd party wins this could be the end of our 2 parties of idiots leading the country.
if people think being a member of the dnc is some moral high ground, they are gravely mistaken. 

just a bunch of hypocrites and cheaters for sale to the highest bidder 
Vote Libertarian! Gary Johnson will be on the ballot in all 50 states!
And if you vote for Hillary, or vote 3rd party allowing her to win, then you are just as guilty of throwing away our democratic rights as she is. She must be stopped at all costs and made an example of. If that means President Trump, then so be it.
This scares me more than bigotry, and restoring our democracy remains my primary concern in this election. Everything else depends on meaningful and corruption free elections.
Hi, what are MSM and HRC?
America is no longer a democracy. Let's face it.  
YES!

It's so painfully obvious to all of us here that democracy in America is dead yet I see far too many posts on Facebook calling us "privileged" and "selfish" for pointing it out. It makes me want to throw up all over my newsfeed.
I love a good conspiracy but don't have time to read through the emails on wiki leaks could someone summarize what they actually did or discussed doing?
I legitimately thought I was on r/conspiracy at first. 

Cmon now. Yall are better than this.
But what was HRC's role in this? The DNC emails have revealed absolutely no coordination between HRC and the DNC. Rather, it seems to be that donors have ordered DNC establishment members such as Debbie to manipulate the primaries as well as doing the same with the mainstream media. Hillary herself seems to be innocent.

[deleted]
Join us at r/political_revolution.  This sort of a thing will be addressed in detail in the coming weeks and months. See you there!
>r/PoliticalProgressives/


I second that!!!!!
all teh delegates totes mcgoats read this. 
[deleted]
Hey mods, don't delete this...this is CNN's Jake Tapper tweeting about it, not some small website like dailycaller.  Let this one hold.
please, please don't fall for this one guys.  

CNN has always been bought and always will.  This is an appeasement tweet that Tapper tends to do often, and probably, in this case, more so to cover his ass for this email:

https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/4077
Someone will receive a stern email/phone call tonight.
hopefully these leaks will shame reporters back into doing their job and getting some self-respect for themselves and the profession.

 I know fashion bloggers with more integrity than these MSM hacks
*cynical scowl intensifies*
Respect the Pendleton act ffs.
Who has the power to appoint people to said positions?
No passion, no excitement. Me sniffs coercion.
meanwhile outside Yuuge revolt. Blockers everywhere so no live video can get out on twitter. Police State. https://twitter.com/CassandraRules?lang=en

https://twitter.com/CassandraRules/status/758098713415909376        Pepper spray

Bernie's words, Hillary's font. How symbolic.
Contrary to the absolute insanity in the front page submission here, they took ALL signs that were brought from the outside. Clinton signs included. 

Also for those curious, they gave you multiple options of signs you could have. They had a Bernie one with his campaign signage "Bernie" on it and then the light blue Birdie version with "A future you can believe in" on the back;

http://i.imgur.com/LAUai0A.png
They were potentially  collected because they said Bernie "for president" on them. These signs don't.
The back of the signs they handed out say "Stronger Together" on the back. You could see people flipping them around to show "unity"
It's because they want their version of them when he's endorsing Hillary.
Exactly! Suddenly the front switched from Hillary signs to Bernie signs. Unbelievable. 
Because they put "I'm with her" signs with them
They all disappeared when he endorsed 
No, its because they don't want the anti tpp versions on camera
They just want the media to show 'majority Hillary supporters' on TV when Michelle was giving her speech, after that was done, people can have their signs back. Disgusting, manipulative as hell, these kind of thing need to stop.
Are you serious?  Not acceptable or classy at all.  Pathetic censorship and rigging of the convention just like rigging of the primary
Well maybe leaks told them to behave ethically..
That was when I knew 100% that he was going to endorse. 
I noticed at the end that there seemed to be missing from the stands to Bernie's left.  It is to the right if you face the stage.  Did I see that correctly?  Did some people clear out?
Are you kidding? Classy would be leaving them to hold their signs all day. Underhanded and deceitful is what you call it when you confiscate signs until you need the perfect TV shot and handing them out right before.
Vote for Democratic senators and representatives. Vote whoever you want at the top of the ticket. If Trump wins but Democrats have a majority in Congress, he'll be blocked at every turn.
[deleted]
Don't be afraid of Trump. Be afraid of the party that rigged the primary and was proud of it.
ITT: People who hate Hillary more than they support Sanders.
You'll get to keep your soul.
We (the people) can't win either way. So does it really matter?
Baby Jesus will cry myrrh-scented tears, and you will have seven years of bad luck.  

I'm kidding.  Not a thing.
If they don't, there's a possibility Hillary may win. I don't want that to happen either. Jill Stein is the only option I see, and she's a good one. 
[deleted]
Clinton loses no matter what. Trump will slay her in debates solely on calling her out on her past. I'm with stein to make a point
Question: Are you in a swing state?
The democratic party just left every voter than doesn't support corruption in our government.  
Your number one reason to sadly vote this in this upcoming election is who the president would nominate to the Supreme Court. Everyone we like on the Supreme Court were either put there by Bill Clinton or Obama. Expect another person like them if a Democrat is elected. Who is put on the court will be there for decades.

Consider this when you guys are voting. We can have a 5-4 progressive court. They will get rid of Citizens United, they will make sure that LGBTQAA rights are upheld, they will make sure that progressive policies are upheld and a woman's right to choose is not attacked.
8 years of Hillary or 4 of Trump. You decide.

I'm voting Libertarian, because if they hit a threshold they'll get Federal funding, and I honestly believe, far more important than either candidate of these 2 sick and dying institutions winning, is the establishment of a third and potentially fourth option.

It's also very much so about the lesser of 2 evils at this stage. Trump is a special kind of monster and one we shouldn't let into the White House, but Hillary is so proveably corrupt that it's insane. Voting for her virtually guarantees the expansion of war, and cements that the cronyism she's displayed is the new normal and acceptable. 

My recommendation to you is the same, enough of us leave the 2 established parties, maybe real change will happen, as long as these 2 are in power though, nothing will ever change. 
Ur afraid the guy that actually won his nomination not the chick that stole hers. So yea dont fear trump. FEAR HRC she is the one that will push us into war and she is the one that will sit and watch idly while income inequality gets worse.
& I get an email calling for the delegates to walk out

https://www.reddit.com/r/BernTheConvention/comments/4ure06/email_from_bernie_a_call_to_action_walk_out_from/
lol
Clinches.  Steals.  Same difference.
I cried because Bernie is the leader I want.  And Hillary is the last person I want as my leader.
I cried because our democracy is a sham.
As you get older you experience a lot. I cried because I feel empathy for all the young people to have their ideals trampled by the forces of greed and division.  I cried to see Bernie so alone on that stage.  
Hi there. I've removed your post because it appears that you are trying to use /r/SandersForPresident to campaign for other candidates. Unfortunately for you, this subreddit does not exist for you to vulture votes for your candidate. Our users will make up their own minds in their own way, when the time comes. Please note - I am just a robot and I make mistakes. If this removal was a mistake, please message the mods and politely correct the record.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/SandersForPresident) if you have any questions or concerns.*
We already have, /r/Political_Revolution is a thing.
Not "once this is over"... NOW. Why suffer for another election cycle?  There are good Berniecrats running NOW, and we have the opportunity to make a shift in Congress THIS election cycle. Donate to and phone bank for these people TODAY.

https://secure.actblue.com/contribute/page/bernie-slate?refcode=reddit

Maybe someone else can provide a good phone banking resource...
I agree that we need to look and work down ballot, but we don't need to give up on the presidency. Look to the other two candidates that aren't Clinton or Trump. I encourage everyone to learn about Stein and Johnson if Bernie can't pull it out!
Hell no
When i vote for someone that won by cheating, lying and taking money for favor then i ive lost my humanity. 

Im not fooled by celebrities and sales people on stage. And this "unite" thing is the biggest bullshit ive ever heard lol, they built fences around the convention and talking about unite LOL.
Nope.
No. We wanted someone with integrity. I will find a better candidate. A 2 party system isn't protecting democracy. 
Most will but is it enough?
Alright, Trump supporter. At least use a new account with less Donald support!
I thought the DNC weren't going to throw anyone out of their convention because they are more understanding than the RNC
Bern em down.
Must have been a commie /s
I think it'd be more effective to shout specific allegations drawn from the leak:

* Pay to play!

* Media collusion!

* Anti-Bernie DNC!

* Slush fund!

Etc.
Isn't this the sort of thing that people were slamming Trump for allowing to happen at his rallys?
DEMONcrats!
I already resigned and went green.
Nice post and i support everyone's vote and decision.
Warren just said we need to stop the corruption and take money out of politics and the person to do that is Hilary Clinton. WTF?
The fire rises.
Wow, CTR trolls are downvoting posts of some pro-Bernie redditors so much! I wonder if they have a blacklist of pro-Bernie redditors?
Exactly, If they really mean what they say about stopping "Trump's America", then the dnc should mean it and have hillary resign. 
Just like how occupy wallstreet took off and was a revolu- oh wait

*lesmugfrog.jpg*
We're sorry, but your post has been removed. Text posts need to have a direction for discussion in the body of the submission, whether it be your own thoughts or a link to something that supports your title.

We're glad to have you here, don't take this personally!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/SandersForPresident) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Heartfelt request from Berners who traveled to Philly. 
I'm feel like I'm going to cry. Because I know he will not listen.
This is the best speech of the convention.

<3
I feel like we have lost Bernie to more politics as usual.
Look at all those chair throwing BernieBros./s
A lot of people gave a lot of time, sweat, and tears. And to see just a fraction of what went on behind the scenes with the dncleaks, that males it worse. I feel bad for all those who traveled there. Imo, all in vain. 

I feel Bernie owed more to them. Yet he choose to go the establishment route barely acknowledging what happened at the DNC. No longer caring about all Hillary stands for and is beholden to. Hillary is never going to change. The DNC isn't going to change either, and you know it. They'll simply be smarter about it. Then again, this was a once in a lifetime chance. The next Dem running for office will be another establishment jerk. There won't be a revolution. There won't be another candidate that will even come close to what Bernie did. 
[removed]
Please, Bernie! Please! Didn't you hear your welcome reception yesterday? How can anyone watch that and believe you aren't the rightful nominee. It's a god damn tragedy and crime knowing the democratic establishment sabotaged the nomination from you (officially evidenced via DNC WikiLeaks). They could have had all this enthusiasm, hundreds of thousands, if not millions of people proudly volunteering to elect you by knocking on doors, phonebanking, donating, spreading democracy etc. But instead they buried that dream in the fucking dirt and shoved down our throats the most unfavorable candidate in democratic history who can't even garner enough support to fill a high school stadium. What a sad time it is. #StillSanders #AlwaysSanders #WeAreBernie #ByThePeople #Bernie2016
People gave up their homes to support Bernie? Who?
Yes, vote. Always vote, every election, for as many candidates as you can back. And bring your friends to do the same. They want us to stop voting, it's a dream come true for the elite in power.
Yes, your vote still counts.
Your protest vote is more important now than ever!!!
[deleted]
Yes. The emotional abuse and manipulation is just too much.
[deleted]
It's more realistic to see change if we start from the bottom and work up. Support down ballot Berniecrats!
I'm in the same boat, I almost can't stand thinking about were we are at now. I joined a local Bernie group hoping to try to help and it has helped me feel a little better. If for no other reason it helps me put my nervous energy toward something productive.

If you aren't sure how to help with House, Senate, and Local elections, try to find a local Bernie group in your area. Found mine on Bernie Events page. https://go.berniesanders.com/page/event/search_simple . Many Bernie folks are still using this page to organize still.
I see one who I'm fairly certain is a Hillary supporter. They have asked me questions about Bernie in a pretty confrontational manner, which makes me uncomfortable considering the setting.

My Bernie support is obvious because I always wear a Bernie button. It's not like I came out and said "Oh BTW I love me some Bernie Sanders".
It is an almost overwhelming mental burden. That's why many people choose to simply forget about the problem. It's much easier that way. It's an incomplete type of peace, though. 

Nothing worthwhile is gotten without a fight. Even far into the future(extraterrestrial colony timeframes), when the human world is very different socially and technologically, people will still have to struggle against greed, hate, power and corruption. We're not all just going to become enlightened. There's always going to be that HRC, DWS, and Trump out there somewhere.

/philo
AHAHHAHAHAHA
Lmao this is the problem, backing Hillary means you need to ignore your own beliefs. 
I pretty much think Bernie is backed into a corner politically at the moment. His options are far and few between. He can either take the little victories, and us the fact that he kick started something to push for more reforms from the inside, or he can stay on the outside and get nothing done. I don't think this was a decision he took lightly, and only made it with the goal of getting some of what he wanted done. He probably figures there's no way in hell he'll get many of his most important things done if Trump wins, but he can get some done with Hillary in office.
Bernie is bullying us now and his delegates.
Shitpost. This "logic" reeks of a Trump supporter. 
Please share this as far as you can this is it folks. 
Hillary Rotten Clinton.
Hey guys, let's talk about the Russians tho....
Patrick Hallahan was on 2008 campaign on the finance staff working under jonathan mantz. He went on paid trips to Vegas with Norman Hsu who went to prison for violating campaign finance laws bundling for Hillary.

Justin Brennan started as an intern on the 2008 HRC campaign on the finance team working with Adam Goers and Andrew Smith. He worked on Terry McAuliffes campaign for VA governor.
Why are all of the emails messed up, now?
Seriously good work, OP -- impressive!
Good job
Great job
Please post this in the r/politics mega-thread and in r/dncleaks if you haven't already!
holy shit, if collusion between superpac and HRC campaign is proven, this is yet another thing that will bring down Clinton

FYI Mark Weiner died this morning...
Yes. Better have a democratic candidate than the DNC candidate.
[\#StillSanders]( /r/StillSandersForPres)
If he does every single delegate should silently without saying a word - stand up and walk out.
If he did that I can confirm riots would occur and many bernie supporters would be less likely to vote for hillary
No. The Hill already reported this will not happen.
SOMEONE BACK UP THE FOOTAGE!
Boo louder!  The police can't evict half of the delegates.  Let's show the nation what true Democrats think about the corporatist sham the Democratic Party has become. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZC9ZcHtz91E

Video of the boos. Marsha Fudge does not handle them gracefully.
Speakers are avoiding mentioning hillary by name. I WONDER WHY?

DNC Shenanigans made it a shitshow! Don't go blaming us, DNC! You've literally left us with nothing but our anger!
When the primaries started I thought the RNC was going to be a shit show dividing the party giving the Dems an easy win. Damn wtf happened. 

If the Dems don't give Bernie the nom then Trump will win. True Berners won't vote for corruption. 
Everytime I hear the word "unity", I hear "shut up and get in line kid"
Urgent: Also, confirmed that they are editing videos on FB and adding applause as well as on MSM, etc.  They are also editing clips to downplay what is really going on.  "I'm telling you right now, someone is hitting a applauds track in the wrong places. It's the strangest thing. Anyone else getting that on their feeds? I'm talking sudden, massive applause in the middle of points and as the speakers continues to make the point. No pause for the roar, or raised voice to talk over."  TAKE TO TWITTER NOW.
This could turn out to be the greatest plot twist since the red wedding.
I love this. When she speaks, everyone should turn their backs on her in silent protest. 
Hillary has to know what is in the emails that were taken.  She will still think that she can get out of it, so she will stay in the race.  When everything comes out, she will be responsible if she cannot weather the storm and Trump gets elected.  Hillary's ego just might put Trump into office. 
Im a Trumpster. I want to thank you Bernsteins for actually thinking for yourself instead of just swallowing the medias bs. Stand up against corruption. Sanders will win 2020.

Say what u want but Trump is working on a plan (just said it 5 min ago in the speech he gave with pence) to get rid of student debt, he says he's almost done with it. 
Definitely not missing her speech. Her attempt to give one anyway. This shit is crazy. 
As it stands with all the information we currently know about Hillary:

(1) Hacked emails from the DNC more to be released. **Edit** The hack is now being investigated by the FBI, 4 hours after I wrote this post http://www.cbsnews.com/news/fbi-is-investigating-the-dnc-emails-hack/

(2) Further probes into her emails/email server whilst SOS from Congress. 

(3)The Clinton Foundation investigation(FBI) and or hacks (those pesky Russians and probably anyone with a laptop plus an internet connection) http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-06-22/clinton-foundation-said-to-be-breached-by-russian-hackers 

(4) Speeches.

(5) And Clinton being Clinton. 20th Century politician running in a 21st Century world. One of the most recent examples being picking a boring VP candidate and not shifting to the left to appease the young/progressive side of the Democratic party. 

**Unless** Trump veers horrifyingly more rightwing, the Independent vote is going/gone

"Trump's new edge rests largely on increased support among independents, 43% of whom said that Trump's convention in Cleveland left them more likely to back him, while 41% were dissuaded. Pre-convention, independents split 34% Clinton to 31% Trump, with sizable numbers behind Johnson (22%) and Stein (10%). Now, 46% say they back Trump, 28% Clinton, 15% Johnson and 4% Stein."

The under 30 turnout will be very low and real progressives across all age groups will simply vote 3rd party or just not vote. 

The warning signs are there and in my mind there's only one way Clinton numbers are going to go in the polls. Down.

Trump is favorite to be President.

**Why** **am** **I** **writing** **this**?

Two things.

(1) The blame game and finger pointing will start, probably sooner rather than later. So I'm writing this as a point of reference in time (July 25th) for anyone to use when inventively Bernie and his supporters will get the blame.

The Internet exists, gasp shock, and I'm simply going to post a few videos/articles to show why people have not and won't vote for Clinton. 

Her lies and deception have been going on for decades, long before Bernie Sanders ran his campaign. She is a terrible candidate.

Greatest hits of lies https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dY77j6uBHI

Hillary v James Comey https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbkS26PX4rc

Clinton Cash documentary about Clinton Foundation https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LYRUOd_QoM

Scandals across both the Clintons careers. http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2016/07/tracking-the-clinton-controversies-from-whitewater-to-benghazi/396182/

Fundraising http://www.politico.com/story/2016/04/clinton-fundraising-leaves-little-for-state-parties-222670

Clinton: Favorable/Unfavorable http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/other/clinton_favorableunfavorable-1131.html  25th July average 55.9

Trump: Favorable/Unfavorable http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/other/trump_favorableunfavorable-5493.html  25th July average 59.1

This is on her, her campaign, her delegates/supporters in the DNC and anyone who refused to step outside the Clinton bubble.

(2) As it Stands there are no signs of the Superdelegates flipping and no sign of Bernie running 3rd party. So what can you do ? 

I made a comment in a post the other day which I'll copy-paste part of it here:

"Be honest, do you know who you're voting for locally i.e. house or state senate. Are there any progressive candidates in your area ?

Now I might get a bit of hate for this but at some point you're going to have to move on from Bernie.

If Bernie had won the nomination could he have put fourth all his policies and implemented his beliefs to country on his own ? No.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Political_Revolution/wiki/endorsements

By reading some of the comments across this sub reddit the past few weeks, to me it seems there's a good percentage of people that have missed the point political revolution. The candidates in the list I've linked above, THEY CAN STILL WIN.

You need these kind of candidates across all levels of government. From the **bottom** all the way **up** to the President.

But they're gonna need your help. People like this must get elected to office.

The same passion, fight and commitment you gave for Bernie give it to these people.

It seems like we've lost one battle but there are so many more that will be won."

Please don't read this as if I'm saying give up on Bernie. I'm merely stating that there are so many other battles that in my opinion must take centre stage right now.

This week raise your voice, your protest and your belief in Bernie more now than ever before.

But your voice, your protest and your belief **must** be as loud for the other progressive candidates, not next month, not next week, not tomorrow.

**Right** **now**.




Even if they put Hillary in prison right now, the corrupt DNC would still not nominate Bernie.

The DNC would rather go with Kaine and lose than pick Bernie. Because if Bernie wins, they might have to *change*.
Clinton delegates, pundits and surrogates will publicly dismiss this as a post RNC bump.

But they **must** privately be extremely concerned. Will Wikileaks drop anything in the next 48 hours that will give these people more than just private concerns?

Let's see.
Do you really think after the Democratic Party went through all that trouble rigging the primary for Hillary they would just give the nomination to Bernie at the last minute? Why should the establishment care about how unlikeable Hillary is anyway? If she stole the primary from Bernie, what makes you think she won't steal the general election too? It's all a charade to make us think we decide who the president is. Hillary was decided to be president long before any of us voted.
They don't care. They are willing to risk losing to Trump to ensure someone like Bernie won't overturn the corporate neoliberal apple cart.
Yes Bernie saw this coming. The Dems seem intent on going down with the ship though.
Nope - just a bump in the polls - it'll equal out later. *sigh*

That's likely their thought process. Right now they're trying to put the blame and effort on Bernie, saying it's his responsibility to bring over his supporters to Clinton... I wish I was making this sh*t up...
Help flame the fire, show the delegates they have the support to #SwitchToBernie - http://switchtobernie.com
Those poll numbers were taken between July 22-24, which is right around the time DNCLeaks occurred. I think Hillary's numbers is only going to get worse, as more people becomes aware of DNCLeaks (sometimes news reaches certain population more slowly than others). 
The DNC is and always has been ClintonorBust. You don't attack a democracy to maintain the status quo to give that away at the finish line. Unforgivable acts have been done by the party. They are losing mine and many votes. The damage will be lasting.
It doesn't matter. 

Hillary provided the means for corrupt officials and high rolling executives to get into the system via the Clinton Foundation, and now it's time for them to pay their dues and back the queen bee. If they don't, they lose their cushy positions and influence.

The Democrats will bet on their broken horse. And Hillary won't be conceding unless she sees some benefit for herself for doing so.
Hillary Clinton is unlikeable and dirty and corupt and a cloud of scandal hangs over her head. Its the Hillary Clinton Phenomenon. The more people see her, the less they like her.

http://elections.huffingtonpost.com/pollster/hillary-clinton-favorable-rating

Look at those favorability ratings. Her unfavorability ratings were in the 30s and 40s when she announced and they are in their 50s going on 60s now. In some favorability polling, she is just as bad if not worse than Trump. The trendline for Trump was 75/25 unfavorable/favorable now it is 60/35/5 undecided. He's gained 20 net points in the past year while Hillary lost 20 net point.

When she was fresh to this campaign, she was beating Trump in polling by nearly 30 points. Now after a year of her, she's losing nationally and in battleground polling.

The more people saw Sanders, the more they liked him. He was the only major candidate to consistently register as more favorable and likeable than unfavorable. 

This outcome was seen in her Senate race, her 2008 bid for the nomination, her tenure as Secretary of State and this 2016 run. It was the easiest thing in the world to see coming but the DNC and the media wanted Hillary Clinton, despite this well known phenomenon.
If they nominate her, Trump will win - that simple.
You're nuts if you think they'll pull Clinton as a candidate.  Actually, it's not so much that you're nuts, it's that they are and they'd rather let their ship go down in flames than turn it over to Bernie.  It's simple - Democrats aren't actually progressive or liberal, that's just been the marketing we've been given for decades.  What they're for is wealth and power, which is pretty much not far from a neoconservative stance.

I'll tell you one thing, though.  I'm voting for Trump as long as Hillary Clinton remains in this race.  I'm an independent who got behind Bernie, and after he lost I figured 3rd party was for me.  But after what we're seeing right now, my conscience is to vote for whatever takes this from Hillary Clinton.  I'm 100% convinced she's worse for this country than Donald Trump could ever be.
Bernie's speeches aren't enough to convince me to vote for Hillary. I only wish he had been more ruthless at the debates. 
We knew this from the beginning. Nothing has changed from a Clinton. supporter's point of view. And we know the DNC hates Bernie with a passion. They won't change course even after they have run the ship aground. This is the state of the Democratic party. We can lobby and protest, but I fear the DNC will blindly March this country into a Trump presidency.
One of the major issues with thwarting Hillary(and this has been an observation I've noticed since the start of her running) is the social view of "sexist man babies."

In the same way that it's "just because you're sexist" if you say a negative word about the Paul Feig Ghostbusters movie, the same (or similar) would be said about Hillary losing or being removed at this point.  That was, in my opinion, one of the major reasons they have been pushing the concept of "historic" and "glass ceiling" since 2008's election season.  It's a play for the social desire to follow one historic event with another.

Sadly, that seems to mean "at all costs" with no regard for the quality of the individual to become the center of a historic event.  It won't work and then the spin machine will go into full gear after Hillary loses.

Mark my words, when she loses to Trump, the exact line of argument as to "why did Hillary lose" is "This country has a sexism problem and *men* refuse to let women be equal."  
Hillary's massive plan is to commit a larger degree of vote fraud this time. The Primary was only a testing ground.
Not a chance. The DNC hates Bernie as much as more than they hate Trump.
When you rig the voting machines and control who can actually get to the ballots, polls don't matter. 
On top of all this, Nate Silver now has Trump winning the election. http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/#now
I'd like to think that, but probably not. We have to be real, here, the Clinton Machine isn't going to lose TWICE. And she'd rather be raked naked over literal coals than to get this far and still lose the nomination.
"We have to defeat Donald Trump at all costs!"

*puts forward candidate polling significantly lower than Trump* 
Wow.  Crazy that our only hope now is that superdelegates do their job.  :-/
I hope they do, the dems can't win with her.  And I think it is only going to get worse.
I don't approve of Bernie still trying to pander to his supporters to support Clinton over the fear of what Trump would do as president but you know in these instances, fear of a bigger entity is being spread by someone who is a bigger entity than who they are spreading fear of. Yes A Clinton Presidency could be better haven for progressive politics in Congress but honestly after Wikileaks released those emails as long as DWS and Hillary are the leaders of the DNC, freedom of speech against Hillary and Progressive politics will have to go on the back burner. Hillary has openly been supportive of stuff Bernie always knew was not right and then Hillary just "evolves" on her decisions. The ironic part is that people are scared of what Trump would do as a president meanwhile Clinton has supported the War in Iraq in 2003 which led to the rise of ISIS, lead overthrows in Libya and Guatemala, and has taken money from people who funded the terrorists that caused 9/11. While Trump just says a lot of shocking things like he is wanting to make the White House a skyscraper.

At least the "Democratic" Party has the mechanisms to overrule the democratic will of the people so there is a chance we can steal the nomination from Clinton giving her a sweet taste of her own medicine.
The gap is only going to widen, especially with a *series* of leaks on the way.

How attached are they to Hillary?   Now we find out if they ride her until they're an irrelevant, laughing stock that requires years to restore, or if they actually do what the people clearly want, and what is their only chance at winning the office.
I'm fairly certain at this point that the dnc would rather see Trump win than bernie. 
I think the bigger question is, how do we alert all the delegates and super delegates about this?  This is insanity.
Third party candidates' votes going to Trump? I understand, people want to see Hillary lose, but it's ruining the only positive thing that could have come out of this cycle. :(
We cannot argue with this math and statistics. Bernie is the ONLY candidate who can beet Trump no matter how much money Hillary has. Trump will use all of this against Hillary for sure, http://www.scam.com/showthread.php?707076-The-Hillary-Clinton-Saudi-Arabia-911-Clinton-Foundation-Seized-Manuscripts-Connect-The-Dots-Thread&p=1929539#post1929539

There is no such baggage with Bernie.
Presuming the most obvious path continues, and Hillary is the nominee, what happens if "Russia" leaks classified emails hacked from her mail server in late September and she is forced to withdraw.   Would Kaine automatically become the nominee?   I just don't get this blame it on Russia stuff as if they want Trump to win, they would release their bust stuff later than now, where Bernie could not become the nominee.
Don't get your hopes up.

1, they think she she cannot lose to the boogeyman Mr. Drumpf

2, it's "her turn".
Can Bernie still win the nomination with the support of the super delegates? 

I think we can still get the libertarians and green party in on this. 
When are you Clintonistas going to realize that she cannot beat him?? She is now losing 45-55% of Sanders supporters. He won 47% of the votes, despite being robbed by the DNC. That means she is starting of with only, at max, 70% of the democratic vote. She loses independents yyyyuuugge and Trump will secure close to 95% of the republican vote. More than that, the republicans will come together to oppose her. 
Amazing how the media is already spinning the DNC Leaks by blaming Russia for it and shifting all the attention to Putin. A vile attempt to distract people's attention from the DNC corruption and Hillary hiring DWS to reward her for her services.

I really do hope Bernie reconsiders and makes a third party run. I know he endorsed Hillary for the sake of beating Trump, but that will be a futile act because Hillary will continue to bury herself scandal after scandal.
Bernie won the nomination sans cheating. It should be Trump/Pence vs Sanders/Warren.  
Way back when I remember posting here about how, if you're forced at ~~gun~~gradepoint to read Plato's Republic as I was, you see the philosophy that good leaders understand the responsibility instead of being consumed by power and the best leader understands leading is a duty to bear, not a means to cope with their extreme narcissism.

I understand that Bernie probably wants to have the more liberal side safely win in this specific scenario (especially if you believe that Trump will let his VP do everything, and that he empowers people who hold bigoted views to new heights), but I think WE and the delegates need to be the ones to convince him that he's really the person that needs to run at this point. I sincerely hope people support him, because that post-DNC bump in future polling does not look like it'll happen.
I feel like the contempt that the DNC has for Bernie and our movement is so great that they will try to parachute in Biden. At this point, they won't give the nomination to Bernie, even if that means giving it to Biden or continuing to force-feed Hillary down our throats.
I guess this means 4th reich incoming
I'm like 1000% sure Clinton would be great at playing Riven in League.

"IF I CAN'T CARRY THIS PARTY THEN NO ONE CAN" proceeds to afk rest of general election shit talking Sanders till Trump wins
All nominees get a boost in their polls after their convention, but I agree it's concerning
The DNC just cannot fathom this. They make up reasons why none of this matters. They just "know" they know better than everyone. This is not happening as far as they're concerned.
LMAO. The DNC would never push for Bernie, even if polls showed him up by thirty and her down 30.
I understand where you're coming from, but this is really just wishful thinking. The DNC will stick with Hillary no matter what.
She's in freefall.

She might get a bump here or therex but she will continue to drop and we'll get President Trump.

She is the only person that could possibly lose to Trump. And it's fucking happening already.
something something "get this man a coat"
With armies of experts and advisers at your beck and call, being President is basically about two things: character and judgement. Yet, in just the last 36 hours Hilary Clinton has a) rewarded someone who has done more to divide the Democratic party than anyone else in the last 15 years and b) claimed complete ignorance in a nationally televised interview about the emails concerning the policy-in-practice (and in writing) of a DNC that favored her campaign to the point of fraud. A Trump presidency is a blood chilling prospect and I won't vote for him. But I can't and won't vote for her, either. If the Dems are at all serious about winning the White House, you have 4 days to make the turn and get behind Bernie. Anything else after that is on you, not us.
I still don't know why she is running for president!
Nah. I believe that the DNC would rather see Trump as president than Bernie. At best they'll make some other, random establishment Dem the nominee.
Nope. Having Bernie as the nominee will ensure their demise but so will Trump as President. Their days are numbered. If America has to go through a Trump Presidency to clean the Democratic Party then so be it. 
Hillary has literally done the one thing arguably worse than Trump - spit on democracy.  I still think she would be less disastrous than Trump in the short term, but in the long term, she sets a dangerous precedent for puppet elections.
No assurance replacing Hillary = Bernie wins. 

I think Trump is a stronger candidate if he keeps dropping speeches like he did at the convention.
You seem to forget how truly corrupt the game has become. Hillary is not supported by the people, she's supported by Wall street and the oligarchy. Like it or not she's going to be shoved down our throats. 
They don't care. They'd rather have trump over Bernie, as fucking sad as that is.
Honestly, I think Democrats want to lose. They're pushing Hillary down our throats so hard, they don't even care what happens.
If it were a perfect t world and they were smart then yes, they would be doing that but they don't seem smart. Not at all. 
OMG, please tell me this is a joke post! You really are that gullible?! REALLY?!!!

It's a rigged game. What part of that don't you understand? Most of the voting is done electronically without exit polls or paper trails. We don't allow other countries to observe our elections and yet we have no problem observing theirs and "spreading democracy" abroad. She picked Kaine because she knows it. doesn't. matter. As long as she can maintain her candidacy for the Dems, she's got this.

The only hope we have is if Bernie delegates don't listen to Bernie's attempts to placate them and raise holy hell, making 1968 look like a garden party. 
Bernie was a Trump plant to hand the election of Donald Trump.
He is going to win by a fucking landslide all thanks to Clinton and DNC corruption! Thanks a lot idiot Democrats who voted for Her! Hope you are all fucking happy (I'm sure you're all smug as fuck).
DNC and extablishment Democrats just haaaaaaaaaaad to have status-quo cheerleader Hillary Clinton. We warned them. We begged them. We told 'em this this was an anti-establishment election. They laughed in our face.

Hillary's high water polling mark is in the rear view mirror. And looming up the road are multiple leaks.

But that's fine with them. They'd rather take a beating at the polls then reform our horrible duopoly with a socialist.
I think if anyone watches the hour documentary Anonymous made about her you can understand why she won't get elected.
The Democratic leadership would rather light their own children on fire and watch them die then nominate Bernie. You don't get donations from nominating Bernie.
Won't happen. #SwitchToTrump
#BernieMustDisavow
Hillary doesn't care about the country. I'm sorry, but she's seriously risking an INSANE PERSON getting into the most powerful seat in the USA with what is likely a republican congress. This isn't about what's better for America, this is about what's better for her. 
This whole process has been so depressing
Here's a link to an article discussing the poll: 

http://www.cnn.com/2016/07/25/politics/donald-trump-hillary-clinton-poll/index.html

...and one to the poll itself: 

http://i2.cdn.turner.com/cnn/2016/images/07/25/trump.clinton.poll.pdf

EDIT: Links / clarification
"Is there any way to somehow associate all Hillary's bad news with Russia or anti-semites? If a future leak shows that DWS and HRC were collaborating, can we connect it to Hitler and/or that guy from Subway?"
Realistically, probably not. If the party doesn't want to look even weaker than polls are already showing, then the last thing they would do is switch candidates at this juncture. I know she isn't officially nominated yet, but it's been a foregone conclusion to the party and to much of the voting populace. Anyone waffling towards Trump will not be brought back if Hillary is abandoned, and everyone knows that. Also, they shitstorm that would hit if they picked a different nominee than the one that won the actual primary (regardless of shady tactics) would be like handing the Republican party a silver bullet.
The superdelegates will vote for her, so there's no stopping her.
Well they've been screwing half the Democratic voters the entire time, did they really think that would make them any more favorable than Sanders in the end?
This was before the mainstream media started covering the DNC leaks and before DSW resigned, this was the post convention bump, it's probably worse now.
You'll see Biden/Warren before you see Bernie...
We'll never take down Hillary with polls. We need to take her down with the DNC and upcoming Clinton Foundation leaks, with a RICO investigation. 
Wow, the [RCP polls](http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/general_election_trump_vs_clinton-5491.html) really have switched to red recently. Post-convention bump? Maybe? Terror attacks in Europe? DNC leaks? Who knows!
I get it, I really do. We all want someone who will represent US and not the interests of those who perceive they have power because of the family they were born into or the opportunities they'd earned (or were gifted). But if I've learned anything from this election it's that my cynicism isn't as detrimental to my sanity as I thought it was. 

I hate to say it, but I don't care how bad it gets for Hillary, if she eventually is put into a place where she cannot weasel herself out of the clutches of the law, she probably already has someone handpicked and ready to go to replace her in the General, and it wont be Bernie.
In light of this disaster, there is a glimpse of a somewhat good news. Trump proves that even without establishment backing, he basically won over the traditionally corporate-interest Republican Party. This is not a fight between Republicans and Democrats anymore, this is a fight between anti-establishment versus pro-establishment. 
That's still within the bounds of cheatability. There'd have to be something really catastrophic in the next day or two to get enough superdelegates to jump ship.
Yeah, that won't happen. The higher ups in the party want Hillary. Not Bernie. They still think they will win, and will not take out Hillary.
Convention bounce likely has something to do with this.
How ironic is it that the more people think Hillary is in it for personal gain. Trump, the man who's life has been about profit and plastering his name on everything all over the world is viewed as less in it for himself than HRC. Just shows how lowly everyone views her. How can the DNC think it will get any better. Their only chance now is to nominate Bernie. 
This is typical though, dont forget, that the nominees always gain a post convention boost in polling. Im not saying this isn't going to stick, but even if it doesn't stick, its scary.
I can only chuckle at the parade of Sanders surrogates they are running out there to desperately try to qualm the descent. They are gonna run out after the first night.
LOL, even if the 'convention bump' in the polls was not a thing they could point to for the recent bad numbers... they are not going to flip for Bernie. I WISH that was a possibility, but let's be real... not. gonna. happen. 
Interesting to quote Nate Silver with the full context of his statements or analysis.  Stay classy.
The Democratic Establishment and its Wall St. funders would rather see Trump win than Bernie.
After hillary just hired DWS to her campaign, I don't think they give two shits about Bernie or any of his supports.  
I'm sure it is Hill just screaming that Bernie ruined it for her and the country.
If you listen closely, you can hear the torpedo hitting the hull of the U.S.S. DNC.
Stephen Colbert's opening bit included a song with the refrain, "Death, Taxes, and Hillary."

I can't figure out if this is tongue-in-cheek or just totally oblivious in its acknowledgment of the DNC manipulation. 

Come on, Stephen, you're supposed to be better than that.
she is going to lose and then they will say it is all Bernie's fault. we have seen this coming for months and no one wants to hear it.  it is maddening.

Welcome aboard! 
No. Sorry, but this was never about polls, and has always been about money. Clinton is worth billions to the DNC. There is no way they are cutting of that gravy train just because one poll has trump ahead. Many if those big money donors don't care if trump wins. In there eyes it is better than Bernie, because he actually puts their oligarchy at risk.
if bernie doesn't walk out of the convention as the democratic nominee, we will loose and we will loose badly.
Those talks aren't going on. You've seen the arrogance and bias of the DNC during the primary. Do you really think they are going to now say "We were wrong, Clinton out, Bernie in!" 

Plus Clinton did win the primary. I am no fan of hers, but she won. Could you imagine if Bernie had won, but was falling behind in the polls, and they removed him and ran Clinton? People around here would be apoplectic, and rightfully so. 
Hillary is adding Debbie Wasserman to join her campaign after the DNC.  For me this is a continual snub that the establishment just isn't going to change.  Everyone knew the DNC was hacked months ago, but did they come out then?  No.  They decided to sit on what they knew hoping it would not come out eventually?  That is continued dishonesty.  Sad the democratic party has this rift going on, but it is totally justified to be angry about it IMHO.
[removed]
I voted for Bernie.  I'm not one of those "Gonna vote for Trump" guys either.  I don't know who I'll vote for, except I KNOW it won't be Trump.

That said... I'm sorry, but she's going to be the nominee.  She has the delegates.  Bernie has endorsed her.  She isn't going to just let that all go.

No charges coming in the Email scandal.
As far as I see, there's nothing showing her personally behind the DNC that is going cause her to resign.

The concept that Trump is less evil somehow doesn't hold up.  Is she a liar?  Yup.  Is she yet another Clinton or Bush in the White House?  Yep.  Does she feel entitled to it?  Yep.  However, she isn't advocating to do away with every trade agreement, the Geneva Convention, peace deals, NATO, The Bill of Rights, and bankrupting the country,  She hasn't called Mexicans rapists, she hasn't completely lied about the state of the country.  She hasn't embraced White Supremecists and Rodger Ailes and all sorts of people.

Well.... Debbie is kind of horrible, but not quite as bad.

My point is that these are the two people that the public chose.  Trump and Clinton.  If we didn't want them in there, WE SHOULD HAVE HAD MORE PEOPLE VOTE AGAINST THEM.  We didn't.  They won.  It sucks.

Clinton has a VP.  She's not going to come out and just say "Fuck it, take Bernie."  I'd love it, but that's not how this game works.  Bernie had all sorts of great support at rallies and online.  It didn't translate into votes.  I'm sorry, but unless Bernie makes it into her administration if she wins, we're done until 4 years from now, and most likely with someone other than Bernie.

Maybe someone named "Elizabeth?"
Just vote for Trump. He's clearly the better candidate
If she is truly so alarmed about Donald Trump winning the presidency, then she would drop out and give the nomination to someone who can take on Trump handily. I just can't believe that anyone running against Trump having this much difficulty winning. This should be game over already/ 
If Hillary doesn't get replaced by Bernie & somehow still manages to win the election, I think we are at a near-nonredeemable point of corruption. 
Sorry guys but it isn't happening, I'm a very die hard liberal and I'm sure that he would win the white house if he took her spot but it's not happening. Hilary has WAY too big of an ego to just let him supplant her like that.
There isn't and the people booing Bernie as he talks about beating Trump are goddamn idiots.
> She is proving to be unelectable.

RemindMe! 105 Days.
I would be so annoyed if after all this stupid fear that for some reason super delegates would go against the will of the American people Bernie won through super delegates and not actual majority vote.
So you'd think... but that's assuming reasonable people are in charge over there.
Haha nahhh
[removed]
They're not going to pick Bernie. Just because they got caught with their pants down doesn't mean they have the shame to change their behavior.
Probably not; the Super D's are slow learners.
S
[deleted]
Meh, both parties get a bump after their convention. Nothing to see here.
[Trump is now +0.2 for the first time on RealClearPolitics.  Gods help us all](http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/general_election_trump_vs_clinton-5491.html)
Guys i've been a Sanders supporter since his campaign begun but Clinton has won this nomination, she got more votes and she has more support. Your argument that Super-delegates should overturn the electoral vote no matter how much you may disagree with the voters is even more undemocratic than the DNC showing bias towards Hillary. Especially since Clinton would probably have won without the DNC's bias anyway given Sanders' failure to get voters in the South. Move on and either vote for Jill Stein, Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, Gary Johnson or any other independents, but face the facts - Bernie Sanders is not going to be in the presidential race.
Guarantee you that is not the case. 
There isn't one, don't get your hopes up. 
I can't believe that it's still not clear to you guys that this whole thing is a dog and pony show, the competition is meaningless and just for show. The president doesn't even run things anymore anyway, it's more like being a PR secretary and yes-man for the deep state ("*or else*") type of position these days.

clinton's wife vs. clinton's billionaire campaign donor and family friend, tv personality donald trump. It's like watching a bunch of idiots in The Hunger Games universe who don't realize it's a scam. It's an act. It's made for tv. It's a way to disguise the *actual* political realities facing you guys so you just stay at home and shut up and focus your attention on (what should be) an obvious scam. Sanders was likely just there to make it look more genuine. "We swear there's an actual competition going on here, give us your money and play along and feel involved or like you have a chance at influencing anything". Stay home and keep going to work and buying things and thinking you'll have an impact by cheering on one random individual "running for office" every 4 years. 

come on guys, time to see the forest for the trees
jeez give it up already. no chance.
You could always write in Bernie
Yeah, she's fucked.
See you in Canada?
[deleted]
No. That's not how reality works.
Odd, it shows that I down voted this post, even though I never did....
Say hello to President Trump! 


And Bernie was down by 30 points in multiple states he ended up winning. Polls 6 months before an election aren't accurate, debates haven't happened yet, the cycle hasn't started yet. Regardless of who you support as Bernie people we should know how polls 6 months before an election aren't indicative of where someone will finish. Maybe trump has a huge lead, and that's a possibility. But so is Hillary winning by a large margin the point is these polls mean nothing, just as they didn't mean anything to Bernie 6 months before the election. He turned it around
Lies and also lies...
Even if we assume that is true, Hillary's owners and thereby Hillary would prefer Trump over Sanders.
The DNC is all-in on Hillary. If you want to beat Trump, Gary Johnson is your best chance. 
Trump got a bump in the polls because of the RNC. Hillary will get one as well after the DNC which will put them even or her a little ahead. There is absolutely no way they will even think about replacing her for Bernie.

edit - haha yeah downvote me because some of you won't accept reality
I doubt that there are any serious talks. First of all because the nomination happens so soon and secondly (and more importantly) HRC got so many more actual votes than BS. If they overturned that, that would be much worse than what you see now. 
I don't think he deserves a vote, He endorsed Hillary and pissed all over everything he claimed to stand for.
Oh give it a rest.
I'm a Republican and always have been. Pro-life, pro-gun, pro-capitalism ect. I have never voted for a Democrat and I take great joy in seeing the DNC imploding. That said:  

There are millions of honest but misguided leftists who had their right to participate in our democracy completely stolen from them. It should have been Trump vs Sanders.  

Do not vote 3rd party. We have a two party system and if you want your voice to be heard you have to choose one of the two.   Voting for Jill Stein or staying home is exactly what Hillary hopes pissed off Sanders supporters will do.  
There's always a post-convention bump. No need to read too much into it.
How have you not heard of the Convention Bounce? Is this your first rodeo?
[removed]
No, because they cant just replace her she won the primary.
Would you throw away the will of everyone who voted for her, in greater numbers than Bernie?
It is just a media stunt. NBC is also showing a very low pre convention ratings. There will be a fake 'The biggest record breaking one jump post-convention measurement in the polls during one week evar" and your mom and all her friends can then point at 'Good Morning America' and say, "I told you so." next week. True. 
Give it up people.
I'm a Trump support and have been from the start... but I feel your pain Bernie supporters. I feel we have a opportunity to unite as Democrats and Republicans for a better future. We all know Hillary's future is as a corrupt authoritarian who has a contempt for the very people she would govern. Please don't dismiss Trump. We must unite to defeat her.
The Thought Police are on patrol. Get in line citizen.
You must have a death threat in there somewhere.
Moderators sometimes arbitrarily censor things they don't like. That's why I never post topics anymore, this board is poo.
After WikiLeaks these morons have a credibility index rating at about minus one million, who cares who or what these Hillbots try to blame. 

Truth is out, house of cards is falling down. 
Oh no, Bernie will not become Ralph Nader 2.0. Clinton supporters don't like to accept that their candidate is just too weak to take on Trump. And now with the new CNN poll out and Nate Silver giving Trump a 58% chance of winning, they wont be crying to us. 
It seems like they don't care as much about Hillary winning as much as they care about her being the democrat that got the nomination. 
This is the main issue with Hillary:  she isn't running for anything (no major plans to improve America) she just wants to be president.  
it's true, they've been playing the "drop out and unite or you are helping the republicans" card since he announced he was running. bernie has nothing to do with how hilary ran this campaign or her entire career, but it's all his fault people don't like her......right......
I noticed this on a large scale yesterday; what's with Twitter and all the profile photos in msgs? Perhaps they're trying to shame us into not speaking our minds.
I am stuck between a rock and a very hard place right now- I don't like clinton, and think she is corrupt, but I really don't want an even more conservative supreme court. I want to vote for the democratic ticket (like I did for Obama), but they are making it almost fucking impossible. 
If you can't defeat someone as repugnant as Trump in a 3:1 landslide, it's a clear sign that you've got the wrong candidate. 
Why don't all those thousands of disgusted Bernie delegates take the opportunity to split from the Democratic Party and form a 3rd party this week?  Hell, if the Countess of Chappaqua is going to blame them for her eventual humiliating loss to Trump, may as well.
Of course the Clintonite wing of the party has a complete plan for blaming us.  They've been blaming Progressives for Gore losing for the last 16 years.  That's a good amount of practice.

Thing is, I don't accept their Nader narrative and I won't accept the blame if we end up with Bill's Golfing Buddy as President.  They shouldn't have been such a shitty corporate party.  This is the end result of their decision long ago to chase after R money instead of standing with the people.

It's time and past time they own their decisions.
instead of blaming themselves for somehow picking the only person who cant defeat the orange embarrassment? 
Don't worry guys! A Hillary drone said the DNC email leak and DWS resigning was b/c of sexist Bernie bros. Not the fault of the people who actually wrote the emails and lied dozens of times on TV.

http://thehill.com/blogs/congress-blog/presidential-campaign/289076-in-defense-of-wasserman-schultz-and-other-powerful
She has a plan, it's called, "herp, derp, I'm not Trump."
Can Anybody Explain Why One Should Vote for Hillary Clinton without Mentioning Donald Trump?
Can I just say as a Nader voter I am very familiar with this flawed logic.   I'm having flashbacks.

But by all means, let's not blame 1st past the post.  

Can we just switch to approval voting already?
The dude who tweeted this is @byyourlogic, a writer for @Cafe. Check them out. Pretty funny coverage of the election. Spot on, too. They even beat Nate Silver's election predictions.
They have been blaming Sanders for her loss for months.
if you're on twitter you should definitely follow @ByYourLogic. He's fucking hilarious, has a great podcast called Chapo Trap House. Y'all should definitely check it out
Honestly am sick of all this and just want Trump to win so we can just burn everything down. 
If we can be blamed for Clinton losing I will be so happy.

But does anyone really think the presidential election won't be rigged? For fucks sake, she's broken every other law during the primary, what is a few more? 
They keep pushing that she's super qualified and that she's adopting the ideals of Sanders, but you have to ignore that whole FBI thing and the fact that she admitted Sanders didn't shift her at all. It's really hard to unite behind someone you loathe, even if Trump is probably worse. It's depressing that the Dems are having this much difficulty running against a shitty bigoted business hack.
Before you pick between two poisons just remember you can also vote for third party.
clinton and trump are firends.

if clinton wins she is still hampered by the illusion she is a democrat.
if trump wins he can do all the stuff she wants to but would have to be careful doing.

its a win, win for her. and lose, lose for america.
Would be nice to have our voice heard for once.
(Name you see is who is leading overall)

Race to 2383 for nomination

1415 v 893 - Clinton
1553 v 994 - Clinton
1566 v 1010 - Clinton
1593 v 1026 - Clinton
1609 v 1042 - Clinton
1699 v 1087 - Clinton
1726 vs 1103 - Clinton
1907 v 1211 - Clinton
1977 v 1259 - Clinton
1984 vs 1273 - Clinton
1993 v 1275 - Clinton
2091 v 1337 - Clinton
2111 v 1359 - Cliton
2145 v 1397 - Clinton
2271 v 1479 - Clinton
2315 v 1502 - Clinton
2334 v 1515 - Clinton
2380 v 1538 - Clinton
2395 v 1583 - Clinton

Clinton is the Democratic Nominee.

http://imgur.com/gallery/7drHiqr
And?
The political revolution is not over. The torch has been passed. Bernie started the flame and now it is ours collectively to tend to so it can grow into a full blown wildfire. If you campaigned, reach out to those who campaigned with you and start organizing to campaign for the issues and not just a candidate. This is a long game being played and we cannot go home now. And for clarity, I am not suggesting you vote for Hillary. I am suggesting you start working at direct democracy.
I'm no fan of Hilary's crooked ass but if you think she's more dangerous than trump, then something is seriously wrong with you. Don't cut off your nose to spite your face
A truly revolutionary outcome - that Bernie refused to pursue - would have been to join forces with Jill Stein and run on the Green Party ticket. They could easily have qualified for the debates and would have had a real shot at the White House. Instead, he chose to join forces with a deeply flawed candidate whose chances at winning are much less than Bernie's would have been. The Party chose the wrong nominee and Bernie chose the wrong candidate to support. The question is why. 
I think you are the one missing the point
No he didn't, because it wasn't about him. It was about us. Now that the attempt at the Presidency is over, we need to decide what the most productive use of the movement is.
Never give up; Never surrender!
Plz god, let Hillary be wearing a red shirt
Bernie, by Grabthar's hammer, you shall be avenged. 
YOU ARE OUR LAST HOPE!
/r/StillSandersForPres
I understand the anger, but chanting over the actual speakers is not a good thing in my opinion. I want to hear actual political discussion. I want to hear people discussing their views. I don't want to hear people try to shout over others. 

I think it's dangerous to refuse to listen to those you disagree with. 

(I'm not concerned about Sarah Silverman, as much as Michelle Obama and Booker)
By Grapthar's Hammer, you shall be avenged.
"You are our last hope!"  One of my favorite movies also!
As far as I'm concerned, Bernie is out. I still want him to be President, but he's already doubled down on Hillary despite the clear collusion between HRC and DNC. I wish all the Sanders supporters would just focus on exposing Clinton as the weak candidate she is. The emails, the other emails, her transcripts, her $10,000 jacket, her lies, railing against her husband's abuse victims, whatever. She's a bad candidate. If Trump wins, it's because Clinton just sucks that badly. 
The devil is in the detail I guess: **major**.
It wasn't a good fight.  It was biased fight built around wanting another historic headline in the media.
[deleted]
Eat shit
So proud of our movement, our delegates, and all of the supporters who made it to Philly this week. We are with you!!!

PS - For those of us at home, there is still time to convince the Superdelegates! Write to them HERE: http://www.lobbydelegates.com/engage.php
Thank you TIME reporter for saying this. I just got my Clinton issue and I was avoiding it. My brain and heart can't take another pro Hillary shill piece. 
This makes me smile.
And there is morning consult Trump+4 that is not yet added.


When Trump becomes president it won't be because of Bernie or his supporters, it will be because amidst all the scandals and DNC bullshit Clinton wouldn't step down and give the nomination to Bernie. She is just a power hungry sociopath and the pure definition of evil.
This is the whole point of superdelegates.  To go on and pick Bernie to ensure the voters don't back a candidate who will lose in a landslide like what happened with McGovern.  Superdelegates were put in place top ensure it won't happen again.

The fundamental problem with closed primaries is they choose the most popular candidate *among Democrats,* but Hillary is now so unpopular with Democrats and even less with independents that she can win the Democratic nomination and clearly lose the presidency.  That's a very real problem.  The person who can win the nomination isn't always the best person to win the election.  

They didn't learn the lesson decades ago and they aren't fixing them now.  This is why we have superdelegates.  Fix this.  

P.s. after this shitshow, what lessons this proves to the DNC is they need to get rid of superdelegates AND go to open primaries.  Primaries should reflect the voting public, not just registered Democrats.  Closed primaries are what got us into this shitshow.  
B-b-but Nate Silver told me that polls aren't relevant ...
A large part of politics is about being a good candidate. She is a horrible candidate. When someone running for President speaks to a large crowd, they should inspire and energize, not antagonize and deflate. If the Democratic elite continue down the HRC path and lose in November, it's 100% on them.
Can we get a "Bring Back Bernie" tag to trend on Twitter?
is there any hope left of superdelegates flipping and ending this national nightmare?
Polls won't take Hillary down. Only criminal charges will take her down. We need to ratchet up the pressure on the contents of the Wiki leaks. The FBI is investigating the leakers, but not the contents.
Trump leading in all 6 polls? I would be panicking right now but considering that Hillary isn't better in my opinion I don't mind it. She (and her surrogates and other establishment "democrates") had it coming.
Don't worry a clinton surrogate on TV told me Hillary has this locked down.
And I doubt if there will be a jump or dive after the democratic convention, especially after all the truth getting out.
This is like perfect timing for us
If The Dems are dumb enough to officially nominate her, then we deserve to have Trump as our president.  



It's going to be fun watching Trump bash Hilary.
Convention bump, my ass.  She sinking and there's no bump coming for her.  Trump hasn't even spent a dollar on ads yet.
I've always said that despite agreeing with Hillary on a fair bit of policy (bread and butter social stuff mostly), I can't help but have an almost primal dislike for her.  I genuinely cannot listen to her speak for longer than a few seconds without tensing up and wanting to escape.  In her own way, she's worse in front of a crowd than W Bush.  Then you combine that basic speaking style with an overly antagonistic message toward progressives and young people?  ...  Wow.

The scandals.  The lack of trust.  The inability to make political layups (hiring DWS, VP pick)...  It just starts to add up, and I wouldn't be shocked to see a Trump presidency be the result.  Either this is 4 dimensional chess and I'm missing something, or HRC is the most fatally flawed candidate I've been alive to see.
It's looking like the DNC would rather hand the nuclear launch codes to a madman like Trump than risk an actual progressive getting into office.
The republicans didn't straight-up cheat the election or the democratic process this time, at least not as bad as the democrats. 
Do they really think Clinton will get the same kind of bump? That convention was a disaster.
Can't wait to see this fucking witch burn. 
Nominees tend to get a boost in the polls after their party's convention. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Convention_bounce
God this sucks. Why are they so stupid? Why would they be willing to risk tanking the country like this. God I hope our delegates know what they're doing.
What about Libertarian? What if all Bernie and non-Trump supporters focused their votes on the Libertarian party? Fuck the 2 party system, man.

Edit: Or Green Party
Convention bounce. Look it up. It's a thing.
Bernie already folded and endorsed the witch. He betrayed all of us. Let's be glad he failed cause it's obvious that he'd have been a weak leader. Its completely moronic to think this is our moment to elect him. Let's vote for the nukes going off instead, okay?
it's called a convention bounce dude
The biggest con of this election was the media convincing trump and Sanders supporters they were enemies.
Bernie isn't an option. He made sure of that himself, and has doubled-down on endorsing Clinton. 

If you want to overthrow the corrupt two-party system, vote Libertarian. 
Haha
Lets break down those barriers!
Did they have the people from Jersey build/pay for it?
Where's Gorbachev when you need him?
[removed]
This is the irony of rich people. They advocate open borders, but wall in their own manors and have private security for themselves, and are thus unaffected by the results of uncontrolled borders..
They have a big beautiful door for Hillary.
Hillary said herself at one of the debates that she would only build a smaller wall - more like a fence (with Mexico). Sadly, the corrupt media never took notice of that (or didn't want to).
Jeez, it's like they're trying to make the curtain from Oz be reinforced with kevlar.

You can't keep the bad PR out of your convention because your convention and party are a fraud and are going against the very will of the people.   How about instead of trying like Hill to delete the record clean, you start making a record that doesn't need cleaning?
I don't understand. Do they now thing that fences work?
We're going to build a wall and democracy is going to pay for it! 
/r/StillSandersForPres
Yet another example of trump saying bad things, and Hillary doing bad things. 
Hillary needs to do a better job listening to Bernie supporters describe the **EIGHT FEET BARRIER** they face everyday.
Walls don't work. The protesters are going to tunnel under!
Paid for by donations given to the Clinton camp from old Bernie donations
Honestly, Trump deserves an apology from this sub.
[removed]
We are going to erect a wall, it's going to be great, a wall around the convention and the best thing? We're going to make the public pay for it. You're going to love it. 
"To the Democratic National Committee elites, keeping average Americans away from their convention is a good idea,  *while protecting the southern border from intruding terrorists, rapists and murderers is a bad one* "

So we share the same articles Trump does now?
Gee I guess walls work, huh?
Let me just put this here:
https://www.johnsonweld.com/
Shitty wall, over budget, behind schedule.

It would take about 5 minutes to cut a hole in it. 
And they are going to make Philadelphia pay for it!
so are people expecting the DNC to have no security at all?
That's not a wall; that's a party unity monument! 
Risk letting in too many undesirables! I thought they wanted a bridge!
"Racist" Trump will build a wall to keep foreign enemies and economic parasites out. Hillary will build a wall to keep americans from escaping her debt ridden dystopian nightmare. 
They are also requiring a photo id to enter. That is racism against black people. 
So, let me get this straight: The RNC tried to enforce gun control at their convention, and now the DNC is putting up a wall? If it wasn't obvious at this point that both parties couldn't care less about their supposed ideological stances, it should be now.
Ok Im a bit confused. I was in phili yesterday waking around the outside of the convention center just fine. There was no 8 foot high wall. There were normal barricades for say a sporting event (the ones that are waist high). And these seemed to be just for que lines, the sidewalk right by the convention was accessible 
LOL! They think a chain linked fence is going to stop a rioting crowed of thousands of people?
So walls do work. Expect Trump to bring this up in the coming days and at the debates.
Well this is one of the worst comment threads I've read in awhile.  Wow.
This happens every year at both conventions because its a huge security concern to have so many elected officials in a single location and protesters.
Bolt/wire cutters are cheap.
Since when have they needed a fence?
Is american mirror like the onion or something? 
This is to protect the president and vice president when they speak. They did the same thing in Charlotte - built large, temporary retaining walls, checkpoints, and mobile road blocks.
Even Trump allows people to enter... When they come "ligalli"! 
Permanent continent-spanning wall vs. Temporary security barricade fencing around a convention center.
And the republicans asked John Kasich to temporarily suspended open-carry laws before their convention :)  it was a "safe-zone"
Probably because the president will be there...
This is ironic how? You realize every convention ever has this security? And so would Bernie's if he won the nomination? 

You want people to just stroll up where half the Congress, the president, the VP, the current nominee, at least one ex president, several governors and mayors, delegates, and media are? 
They put up a fence around the local fair too, and there's way less of a chance of a security threat there.  Of all the things to complain about the DNC's behavior, this is totally not one of them.  
>To the Democratic National Committee elites, keeping average Americans away from their convention is a good idea, while protecting the southern border from intruding terrorists, rapists and murderers is a bad one.

Yeah, I'm out. I mean, I want the info about the fence (it's a fence, not a wall) on this sub. It's important. But I don't want that info from any site that starts their article this way.
Sorry, but that's kind of brilliant. 
defund these tyrannical shitlords 
Well, they can't risk a gang of Pokemon Go players inadvertently ending up on stage looking for Squirtle, now can they...?
This was a minor story about 2 months ago. I actually commented "Oh, the irony" and explained it on r/EnoughTrumpSpam and I got downvoted to hell.
Because this is a site protected and run by the secret service and homeland security...
lmao lmao lmao, that fence wouldnt even last a second why even spend the money?.
FYI - I am a trained audio engineer and the quality isn't the best but....

She says (leaning in): "They don't know your name is being put in nomination. That's the concern..." 

*(Edit: updated to correct what as stated)*

She obviously didn't know the mic was live or what it could pick up. She was trying to explain the booing and reassure him not to be down, upset or take the reaction personally...

I have a feeling we are gonna see and hear some **serious** business in the next 48hr. I am thinking perhaps DWS demanded to speak tonite *unless* Bernie told his people today to get in line behind HRC. As soon as he got done, it was  announced she wouldn't speak at all. This was a deal made, methinks. Bernie is gonna change the deal - they better pray he doesn't alter it further (against them).
[deleted]
"please don't join the juggalo nation"? 

I AGREE!
"They don't know your name is being put in nomination. That's the concern."
Not to rain on anyone's parade but I think she's referring to the fact that he hasn't dropped out yet. She was comforting him by telling him that his delegates are angry because they think he dropped out and their votes won't matter or something to that effect. A white lie essentially.
Jane is reassuring Bernie after getting boo'd by his own delegates -- she's telling him the reason (or at least *a* reason) that they're so upset is because they don't know his name is being put in for nomination. Bernie's name will be put in for nomination -- just like Hillary's was in 2008 making her the first woman to do so in a major party. And like Hillary in 2008, Bernie will hand over his pledged delegates to her before a roll call vote for the sake of party unity.

In other words, Jane Sanders isn't saying that he's still up for the nomination, or that they're pulling some backroom deals to flip delegates. She's just reassuring him during a really bizarre & bittersweet moment of his campaign.
Wait..... should I be very excited?
Bernie plays chess and the establishment plays checkers. There's a reason he didn't concede.
Let's get #LetThemVote trending on twitter -- Don't sell your followers and delegates to HRC, the party can still prevail under your leadership President Sanders!
**Update - Clarification:**

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CoOsHrAVUAAwfsM.jpg

https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/757638420516581376
I think we are hearing it wrong. This really doesn't make any sense.
Hm. This sounds important.
All they are doing is making for a theatrical vote where we can signal for Bernie and cheer on the convention speech right before the coronation of the Wicked Witch.
Do we really think the supers will go against the Queen? 

Edit: he didn't release his delegates before a roll call vote. We might get a toll call vote? 
"They don't think it be like it is, but it do"
[deleted]
How does this work, guys? Why is this significant? Can't the delegates literally vote for anyone if they are unbound? This is the first convention I've ever paid attention to.
no fucking way. please
Holy fuck. Did she just spill the beans?
Damn, thats a scoop!
What does she say after she says "nomination"?
I wouldnt think too much for it, its for the roll call, he has not conceded.
ELI5: what does this mean?
I don't understand what she means..can someone explain it for me?
Could this be dangerous for Bernies authorizations at the events?   Maybe the DNC wasn't aware of what she's talking about,  and things they previously OK'd will be revoked.
this explains it

http://heavy.com/news/2016/07/what-did-jane-sanders-say-to-bernie-after-delegate-speech-hot-mic-bernie-still-in-roll-call-vote-video-dnc/

DNC wants Bernie to turn his delegates over to Hillary, while Bernie's delegates want to vote for him and they are confused
Sanders' name will be on the roll call just as Clinton's was in 2008.  He still plans to release his delegates for Clinton like Clinton did for Obama.  It's not a "you're actually going to somehow take the nomination" comment.


I know there's some spiteful Bernie diehards but he's not a fool nor is he going to do anything like announce a third party run tonight for reasons he's repeatedly made clear.
Wait what? I don't get it?
Nomination for DNC Chairman?
What's that mean, though?  The delegates ought to know this.
Don't get your hopes up people.
Not getting my hopes up.  Clinton already selecting a VP, hiring DWS to help run her general campaign, and having Bill and Chelsea speak before her this week means she's the nominee.  


The Sanders People responded already!!!https://mobile.twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/757638420516581376
[deleted]
This is more exciting than the people at r/asoiaf trying to figure out what name was said in ToJ scenes.
[deleted]
This is spinning out of control.
That was the most uncomfortable moment I've ever seen on live TV 
Man, it's gonna be tough to boycott her movies just because of the sheer number of them... 
/s
Dear Sarah, 

Eat shit.

Sincerely, 
Someone leaving the democratic party after 20 years of voting nothing-but-democrats.  Now I'm nothing-but-independents.  Oh, and eat shit, by the way.  Did I remember to tell you to eat shit?

P.S., What is ridiculous is hanging onto the crooked candidate that is losing in every poll and is proven guilty countless times.
This is all just a set up to blame Bernie supporters if Trump wins.  They'll never admit it was their own corruption.
I felt the awkward through the TV...
"Thank god they can fix this in post"
Can't believe she turned on us too. 

At least we have Rosario Dawson. 
Jeez, she's terrible. It's not even funny.
I never thought she was a funny comedian. I was grateful that she came out for Bernie but really she was always a boring comedian.
Go to hell, you're a shitty actor anyways.
Let's unlike her yo
[removed]
Add her to the enemies list!
/r/StillSandersForPres
I love her
The Viacom overlords got her
Al Franken- another tragic sell out.  

[Distinguished Gentleman](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0104114/) certainly rings true in the real world.  
I agree with Sarah Silverman. I love Bernie, but you all are acting like conspiracy theorists and sore losers.
I haven't turned on Bernie.  I'll support his candidates.  I just won't support Hillary.... What's wrong with that?  I think Hillary is worst for America and is establishment politics.  Shit we probably have a better chance taking over seats with the hate of Trump at the helm.
Bernie was once a young , outraged and idealistic  ..  he will understand just fine..  He is doing what he thinks best we are doing the same..  He will be fine probably even proud of us..
We haven't turned on him. We are following his ideas, not the man. 
That's a lot of broad generalizations and assumptions you're making there. Do you think that... Maybe... Just maybe this isn't a case of people just acting out of anger? That maybe it's a more complicated/complex issue than you're making it out to be? 
No, you misunderstand.  I can only speak for myself, but I am not behind Bernie because I disagree with him.   (we are allowed to disagree - it's democracy as Bernie himself says.)  The truth is that one of the big reasons I even supported Bernie was because I was against Hillary.  So, it would be extremely difficult to do as Bernie says.
People needed someone to hear them and to fight on their behalf against the likes of Hillary, they chose him as their champion, but last night he let them down. People raised 220million for him, many did so with hardship to themselves and it all feels like it's been thrown back in their face, by him asking them to vote for Clinton; I'm sorry but people have the right to be upset and to stick to their guns and not vote for Clinton.
I think the challenge for Bernie is taking the extreme emotion of his followers and turn it into a powerful progressive group that will elect people at every level.  While they might not vote for Hillary, I think they will push on to their local community.  I'm not mad at Bernie but mad at the system for being so shitty.
I will not vote for the Queen of Wall Street.

I will not vote for the Queen of Wall Street.

I will not vote for the Queen of Wall Street.

I will not vote for the Queen of Wall Street.

I will not vote for the Queen of Wall Street...
this doesn't help anything.
[deleted]
[deleted]
What? Succumbing to the abuse and manipulation and voting for Hillary is the easy thing to do. Telling the system to piss off and fighting to exact a price for it's betrayal and to reclaim an actual democracy is the hard path.
 #DemExit
[deleted]
Screw them. Time to go green 
My thoughts are it's complete horse shit and I am exiting the democrat party asap. 
We continue to fight Clinton. That continues.
Congratulations, President Trump.

Fuck, I'm legitimately terrified for this country.
Hillary is the worst, most corrupt, slimy, disgusting politicians the DNC has ever nominated in my lifetime.  I wish she'd been indicted.  I wish wikileaks had delivered on their promise to take her down.


That being said, I will be voting for her.  Why?  Because every awful thing I can say about Hillary applies to Trump.  But on top of that, Trump is campaigning on open bigotry, fear and hate.

If the RNC had picked any other candidate, I'd be casting a 3rd-party protest vote, but this year, I simply can't.   

Look at my comment history.  I've been very vocally anti-Clinton all along.  I hate her.  I deeply hate her.  I think she's bad for the country.

On the other hand, Trump is on a whole different level horror.

And even knowing that Trump is a horror show, I still find it incredibly hard to cast a vote for Hillary.  But I will do it, because now the fight is over, and it's time to actually weigh the shitty options we have left.

Does the DNC deserve to be punished?  Absolutely.  Would I love to see the party burn down?  You bet.  I've been talking about that for months.

But hearing Trump at his convention, and seeing his terrifying message of hate, narcissism, fascism, authoritarianism, bigotry and fear-mongering... I have no choice.

Trump can't be allowed to be president.  The RNC should have stopped him.  They didn't.  Now it's on us.
[removed]
Mass #DemExit now. Go to your state's registrar's site and switch your party to Independent or No Party Preference. #DemExit on FB and twitter
Dangit, Assange.
I will never vote for her.
BAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRFFFFFFFFFFFF
Rigged.
President Trump incoming lel
>  The block seems to be the result of another algorithm accident that may have incorrectly determined the links to be malicious or spam.

K.
makes me wonder who DWS would be in this story
Hadn't thought of it but you're right and I miss both of them. :(
Very true. Except the reaction of the American people in comparison to the people of Westeros are very different. We screamed Bernie, while most people screamed Kill Ned
Ned is my favorite too.
> I mean if no one rises to the occasion; I will become the king of the north and represent a just cause. Until then winter is coming.......

Do the Faceless Men have online admissions applications?
Big donors to Hillary.  And yet HRC claims innocence about what DWS and the DNC were doing.  That's just impossible to believe especially since her own campaign Finance Director Elizabeth Jones was the oversight for the Hillary Victory Fund.

Clearly, she is keeping DWS close to her -- with a new position on her campaign because DWS knows the truth and can hurt her.
Emails in question because the link took incredibly long to load

> FW:
 
 > From:ComerS@dnc.org To: SeminerioN@dnc.org  Date: 2016-04-26 13:17 Subject: FW: 
    
 > From: Vaughn, Jordan Sent: Thursday, April 21, 2016 12:57 PM To: Comer, Scott Subject: Re:  Anita Jackson Raleigh, NC (910) 258-5480 adocalj@aol.com<mailto:adocalj@aol.com>  Diane Robertson Carrboro, NC (919) 219-1600 Robertson.m.diane@gmail.com<mailto:Robertson.m.diane@gmail.com>  Nathaniel Lee Indianapolis, IN (317) 614-2601 Nlee@nleelaw.com<mailto:Nlee@nleelaw.com>  Alfreda Robinson-Bennett Washington, DC (202) 340-7000 Robinson@law.gwu.edu<mailto:Robinson@law.gwu.edu>  From: Scott Comer <ComerS@dnc.org<mailto:ComerS@dnc.org>> Date: Thursday, April 21, 2016 at 10:50 AM To: Jordan Vaughn <VaughnJ@dnc.org<mailto:VaughnJ@dnc.org>> Subject: RE: RE: RE:  Heres one. I should say, though, that the likelihood of landing a spot on ones as prestigious as NEA/USPS is unlikely. Its much more likely theyll get something like Presidents Commission on the Celebration of Women in American History. (no shade to women)  But when you submit your names, we dont need specific designations.  http://www.gov.com/agency/boards.html  From: Vaughn, Jordan Sent: Thursday, April 21, 2016 10:43 AM To: Comer, Scott Subject: Re: RE: RE:  Got it (and thank you). Do we have a list of them? Jordan C. Vaughn National AALC Finance Director Democratic National Committee (202) 488-5089<tel:(202)%20488-5089> (o) | (407) 797-2215<tel:(407)%20797-2215> (c) VaughnJ@dnc.org<mailto:VaughnJ@dnc.org>  On Apr 21, 2016, at 10:42 AM, Comer, Scott <ComerS@dnc.org<mailto:ComerS@dnc.org>> wrote: Any folks who youd like to be considered to be on the board of (for example) USPS, NEA, NEH. Basically anyone who has a niche interest and might like to serve on the board of one of these orgs.  From: Vaughn, Jordan Sent: Thursday, April 21, 2016 10:38 AM To: Comer, Scott Subject: Re: RE:  Boards and commissions? Sorry, I'm lost Jordan C. Vaughn National AALC Finance Director Democratic National Committee (202) 488-5089<tel:(202)%20488-5089> (o) | (407) 797-2215<tel:(407)%20797-2215> (c) VaughnJ@dnc.org<mailto:VaughnJ@dnc.org>  On Apr 21, 2016, at 10:37 AM, Comer, Scott <ComerS@dnc.org<mailto:ComerS@dnc.org>> wrote: So far I only have names from Tristate, SoCal, and MidA.  Just get em in yall.  From: Kaplan, Jordan Sent: Wednesday, April 20, 2016 2:52 PM To: Finance_D Subject:  Two quick items -  The Smirna is sick so I am going home. I am on email if you need me.  Two, this is the last call for boards and commissions; if you have someone, send to comer - full name, city, state, email and phone number. Send as many as you want, just dont know how many people will get to.  Jordan Kaplan National Finance Director Democratic National Committee (202) 488-5002 (o) | (312) 339-0224 (c) kaplanj@dnc.org<mailto:kaplanj@dnc.org>

email depicting that Marc Elias, General Counsel for Hillary Clinton's campaign, was coordinating with DNC

> https://imgur.com/a/sx1tK

Let's see how Clinton plays this. 
This is really very important. 
This is some Frank Underwood shit, except Frank wouldn't get caught.
I think we ought to start demanding again to see what was in those speeches she's looking into...
Please, justice. You're all I want.
If we let this go we might as well kiss any government accountability good-bye. 
Is this the part where people are supposed to riot and not just comment online?
Go home Hillary you're corrupt. 
American politics sold to the highest bidder
This has been going on both sides for 50 years, it's why I supported Bernie so much.
[](https://youtu.be/cxxtDo7I834)
This post while important will probably be removed for not being related to sanders enough or something 
this certainly looks bad. and this shit has real world implications. remember michael brown? head of FEMA during Katrina? biggest job he had before that was managed horse shows? he was unqualified for the job but got it anyway, largely because of his connections to Bush

http://www.nbcnews.com/id/9325977/ns/nbc_nightly_news_with_brian_williams-nbc_news_investigates/t/critics-question-fema-directors-qualifications/
[deleted]
K so just want to ask this question as neutrally and realistically as possible:

None of us think Clinton will step down as the candidate or the DNC will act against her. We're realists, right? Right.

But isn't moving forward, given this information, in and of itself a lost cause? Even if she got elected, would this not openly invite a means for impeachment? Do they really think the Republicans would let this go? Hell, I'm a registered Democrat and I'd be cheering the Republicans on 100% as they did so. Given this information, to me, it seems like the issue now expands *past* the election, *past* the question of electability, and *past* a "simple matter" of rigging the General election. This seems like stuff that could absolutely get her in trouble even IF she's president. Am I wrong?

And hey, let's remain realistic here. These leaks made it clear this is one giant oligarchy with a "you scratch my back, I'll scratch yours" going on between multiple influential billionaires. Do you really think the DNC would concede to *Bernie?* Fuck no, they'd probably prefer Trump, to be honest. Be realistic, our BEST case scenario at this point is Biden. Just adding that because I think it's important to remain realistic; I doubt much comes of this at the DNC itself, but they would be absolutely foolish to think this would not haunt them in the future.
As Joe Biden said, "This is a big fucking deal!" (If real and such, etc.)
> xxxxxxx@aol.com<mailto:xxxxxxx@aol.com>

This may be scariest part about that whole email exchange. 
People can literally buy their way into power and policy. 

Welcome to the United Corporations of America.
RICO RICO RICO 
And people will still call us "conspiracy theorists" 
This, like everything else the clintons do, will be swept under the rug.
So its Donald Trump, or these criminals. Fuck me.
Everyone, not to rain on the parade, but the operative word in the laws is "PROMISE". Nowhere in the email was there a promise of any appointment. So, while this is smarmy and enraging, its not technically illegal. However, if we uncovered an email that said "Thanks for your $33,400 donation, now we will appoint you to the USPS governors board", that would be an indictable, arrestible offense
X-post from /r/politcs 

Not a peep about this on CNN. Their entire article is about how it's the Russians fault, (which it may be), without a single line about the contents of the emails. Their accompanying video is 2 minutes of a talking head attempting to shift discussion to a blame game. Not a whiff of discussion about the potential corruption exposed by this leak in their huge article taking up half of their front page. 

This is what we call journalism these days? Its shameful. 

Link to their giant front page attempt to shift the discussion for the credulous. 

[http://www.cnn.com/2016/07/25/politics/democratic-convention-dnc-emails-russia/index.html](http://www.cnn.com/2016/07/25/politics/democratic-convention-dnc-emails-russia/index.html)


These leaks just get juicier and juicier.
Quite amazing how this story is being expunged from /r/politics.
Wow a lot of paid Hillary commenters in the Bernie sub.
People in the government are getting too big to jail. 
Everyone knew that things are bad, but selling government this way is still shocking for me. 
What the fuck is the point of these laws if nothing happens to the people who break them?
Many people will say oh we knew that already that's how it works like it doesn't matter, so sad they are willing to accept the corruption, that was implied, even though now it's as plain as day.
And what happened with the post yesterday from the 3rd party financial investigators? Apparently 20% of her campaign funds came from the Saudis. 

This is all so fucking crazy. Trump will be our next president because the DNC won't go under any major reforms or elect a new candidate within time of the election. 

I've really lost all hope. 
Just adding that because I think some interesting things will happen by the last call for boards and commissions; if you need me.
This makes a lotnof sense when you think about the Fajiv Fernando situation too. Major donor put on the board of and ISAB after recorded hundreds of thousands of dollars were donated. The fact that party officials and federal investigators can turn a blind eye to it is the really fucked up part imo. 
laws LMAO laws are just for serfs not for our oligarchs now shut up and vote or not either way they're gonna have you bent over the barrel soon enough.
whoa and this big find this morning!!!

https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/fileid/10880/5421
(http://progressiveparty.news/index.php/2016/07/23/leaked-spreadsheet-shows-donald-trump-and-family-receiving-payments-from-dnc/)

For the good of the US, Hillary still needs to step down and she needs to do it right now, the longer she stays with this stink the worse it gets
Wait, your saying Hillary broke the law? Na I don't believe it. 
guys. ain't shit gonna happen.

save your money. start a business and get in on the other side. this is shit is wildly depressing. if we want anything to change, we're going to have to fight. like...a real live uprising.
Hillary maintains plausible deniability, it seems.
This would be "breaking news" but this is r/sanders.... not r/news... or any other sub with million+ viewers.... 
I know this seems like a silly question, but which news outlets are doing stories on this? And can I honestly expect anything to change from here on out now knowing what ive always thought to be true?
Honest question, will there be any justice about all of this? And if so, to what extent? Or will most of this just be swept under the rug and ignored?
I don't get it, how can Assange get his hands on this but FBI can't?
Hey guys, I don't see what the big deal here is? I mean everyone knows a felony conspiracy payola scheme doesn't just plan itself. Or *does* it? Think about that!  -- David Brock 
Can anyone tl;dr this with sources?  I don't see anything clear here at all.  Starting threads with titles like this that make it sound like there is clear evidence is bullshit when it's all just random speculation.

So can anyone point to something more clear?
"What difference at this point does it make?"
People better start going to prison.
Are we surprised, Barry?  No, Other Barry, we are not.
Nothing will ever come of this. Most of you will still vote for Hillary because that mean ol' boogie man, Mr.Trump who is somehow worse than someone actively engaged in criminal activity who says things that make you feel good.
The emails are not enough evidence to prove that either statute has been violated. A prosecutor would have to prove that the donation was made expressly because of an offer to sit on a board, and that the offer came from HRC. Those emails don't show that, they show the power of access and influence that large donations create.

Now, if you don't live in lala land, you probably understand this sort of access and influence to be corruption. But if you are a conservative judge, you think that it's not, and that those large contributions are constitutionally protected. So, the sad irony is that the only way to stop this kind of practice in the future is to elect HRC, because Trump has promised to appoint ultra conservative Justices to the SCOTUS. 
So there's an excel spreadsheet. With one cell, in one column, that says USPS. Which could reflect that the guy was already offered the position but had his nomination held up. Pretty conclusive if you ask me.
There's just no way I can vote for her I don't care what the alternative is I don't care if the Republicans do it too we have proof that the Democrats are doing this they're prepping the Democratic process if there's any hope for the future for our children people like you and I have to say no this isn't okay when it's put in our face like this we have a choice are we going to support it and look the other way are we going to say no it's not ok
This does not show the DNC breaking laws.

>Whoever, directly or indirectly, promises...

"Promises" is the action that is illegal. Appointing donors is not illegal. Neither is asking your colleagues for a list of donors to draw from for board appointments. None of these things show that a promise was made to donors. Sorry, guys. This is not what you think it is. It's not a conspiracy or a cover-up. This is perfectly legal, common political BS.

Does it suggest that promises were implied or even directly given behind closed doors. Yes. Is it proof that they were? Not even close. 

Focus your efforts and outrage wisely.

EDIT: Oh downvotes! Who would have guessed? /s This is why this sub is a joke now. Go read a book. Preferably one on how the law works. 
[removed]
This post has made it to 5,000 up votes and has been posted on the twitter account @Reddit5000!
						
To see the tweet, check here: https://twitter.com/Reddit5000/status/757602591844864001

^You ^can ^find ^all ^5,000 ^posts ^here: ^https://twitter.com/Reddit5000

^, ^7,500 ^posts ^here: ^https://twitter.com/Reddit7500

^,And ^10,000 ^posts ^here: ^https://twitter.com/Reddit10000
						
^(I'm a bot, don't worry about supporting me (I don't cost much)^), ^(but you can support )[^charity](http://freethoughtpedia.com/wiki/Secular_charities) ^and [^science!](http://www.sens.org/)
[removed]
Is there a source for this article which isn't right wing talk media though?
https://vine.co/v/iqPV1K0g7ve
This is sickening. They took us for fools, they called us names, they laughed at us, pointed fingers at us. Everything comes back to bite you in the ass. 
holy shit, this is going to tank Clinton's chances in the general if it's true. 

Can we find a better source for these claims? I tried to look at the dailycaller article on mobile but all I got were ads about the bodies of athletes and a video from a Ford executive claiming the company was doing "great work" in Michigan. 
From the article: "It is unclear from the DNC spreadsheet if any of the people on the list made specific requests for federal appointments."


What the fuck is wrong with you people? Now the left is emulating the right wing's doctoring of facts for propaganda?
This isn't even as bad as she gets.
I keep seeing the statutes posted but I've yet to see anything that actually proves that this is what was happening. Anyone got a link to the emails they're referring  to? 
I wonder how long the elections been rigged. 
Sad how apathetic I feel about the whole thing.
Holy fucking shit! *How can she still be allowed to run???*
Are we going to see an actual floor fight? This is really ugly.

MSM is deflecting, except Fox. 

Bernie needs to stop playing nice, or maybe he knows something we don't? Or at least Weaver needs to get a bit more agressive.

At this point the DNC has stolen money from millions who donated, stolen our votes in some occasions, and has the least favorable candidate in history about to walk the plank.

With this stuff floating around in the GE Trump will drown her. Could these delegates FINALLY have some sense of reason?

This has been happening for decades as neo-lib/con centrist politics have taken hold. Institutionalized corruption and revolving door politics across every sector of business and every arm of federalization. We need a candidate like Bernie now more than ever.
Bernie and others need to call for Hillary to step down from the race. Why is he still supporting an organization that was against him from the beginning? Grow some balls and call them out Bernie!
The question is, is the FEC (like the FBI) also full of Hillary supporters? If so, she's going to get away with this one too. 
Can't wait to watch them prosecute DWS and see if that sweet employment offer is enough to keep her silent then.  And if they offer her immunity we'll *know* there's a shit storm coming Hillary's way.  /s
Blagojevich got in a lot of trouble over this.
The big question is what the average American citizen can do to change things here. How can we affect change?
Just a question: how would you fill these positions? How would Bernie filled these positions
https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/18139
where is the fucking FBI in all this...
For your MSM loving friends that are skeptical about this, Jake Tapper of CNN just tweeted about it: https://twitter.com/jaketapper/status/757640470348570624

Do we have a source that isn't the Daily Caller yet? This is a big deal if it's true, but I don't want to start waving my pitch fork around, until its been confirmed by a source that isn't as politically motivated. 
I'm only voting Democrat if Hillary and her entire DNC power structure quit 
Yes but I am sure it wasnt really their intent..
You won't arrest them. We're too spineless to do anything.
The DOJ doesn't give a shit if wealthy and powerful people like the Clintons and the Bushes break the law.  The DOJ considers them above the law.  Obama will be known as the one who let the rich and powerful get away with literally any crime.
This would all be happening when we have Hitler 2.0 on the other side.
Any chance this will be reported in major news networks? 
Why is this not stickied? This is a big fucking deal and even this sub isn't making this a sticky?
This is huge 
Cut your own head off, Hildawg.  It's for the betterment of the United States.
ITT: No one actually reading the suspected email.  It's pretty vague and no exactly a smoking gun.
WTF this was at the top of r/all and it just fucking disappeared!
If Trump wins (please no), I predict he sends Debbie to prison.  But pardons Hillary, because he's "such a nice guy".  Then he can hold it over her for the rest of her life.
And these are the people Bernie is now taking orders from?

What a wonderful way to bring about a political revolution.
Look, I don't like raining on parades, but that neither that email nor the spreadsheet establish a violation of either of these statutes.

There is no direct or indirect promise of a position to the individuals. There are plans to provide that, but there's no evidence of a promise being made. The statutes, rightly so, sanction promises of appointments that are given in exchange for contributions. They don't sanction giving appointments to campaign contributors at all.
[deleted]
Truth be told, both belong in jail

http://thinkprogress.org/politics/2016/03/15/3760261/carson-offered-position-by-trump/
Spineless pieces of shit, should be put away. Disgusting
it is sad that we now have proof that these people are all corrupt within the current parties. We need to 100% remove both democrats and republicans and give our power to a new party. Hopefully it wont become corrupt for a while.
Does this really mean anything though?

I mean stuff like this breaks out all the time AFTER, and nothing is really done to fix the issue. Its all just talked about until some shooting takes place and people just forget about it and move on. 


You mean people can buy influence in the US government? Say it ain't so!
Was there criminal intent ?

Why jump on your high horse? 

Just accept it, the DNC is corrupt to the bone, embrace it or go away. 
you are killing the country. hope you're looking forward to dictator trump
But remember, she is slightly better than Trump!
>Our last glimmer of hope has a little over 24 hours before it dies out. 

Nah the revolution starts the moment she skates out there with the nomination.

Negotiations are over.
That's not how Wikileaks works unfortunately.

There will be about 15 people who have a subkey to Clinton's emails. 5 of them need to get together to create the master key and the file will be generated. No one really knows who these people are, so you can't go off and kill them all.

(I might be a little wrong but this is the general idea. Hopefully someone will correct it)

**Tl;dr** Not even the owner of Wikileaks can release the file whenever he/she wants. It has to be released by multiple people who may or may not be even communicating.
The DNC needs to concede the Clinton nomination for their own survival. As of this moment, I've fully disavowed the Democratic party and will never cast a vote or campaign for them again. They can't wave a Trump presidency in front of me like a threat. They are as big of a threat to democracy as Trump as it currently stands today.
I can't seem to get a good answer in the megathread about the DNC, so perhaps someone here can answer. How do we stream the live protests and, for the love of god, what time does Bernie speak today?
[deleted]
I cannot vote for Hillary, I am hoping that this miracle happened so I can get behind someone I can truly support.  Because if its Trump v. Hillary even if Trump is a blowhard I will be voting for the lesser of the two evils.  And Clinton is literally evil, like Hitler evil.  
Unfortunately they won't do it today I believe.  So it looks like trump if they drop in a month.
When is the next leak????????? I am sitting in front of the computer refreshing page every second,
Assange said look at the attachments, spreadsheets!!! 
Hoping on a miracle....keep the dream alive everyone, no matter what happens over the convention.
I mean, Clinton must know what Wikileaks has stolen, and what is in those emails, so if there is something very revealing, she would have taken action already wouldn't she? I also don't understand Wikileaks' strategy in waiting so long with releasing the emails, I get that they want to maximize media attention and so on, but by waiting this long it gets very unlikely that Hillary can be replaced. Though, if wikileaks is partly influenced by Russia in this case, since they got the emails from Russians, I guess that's not what Russia want - they want Hillary to run and then loose to Trump
I'm with you on this - I've been tearing my hair out all weekend in utter perplexity.  Doesn't Assange understand that, if his leak is devastating enough, Bernie could still be nominated?  He acts as though Bernie doesn't exist. 
Wouldn't be surprised if Hillary is begging Bernie to take the presidency and pardon her, at the end of this.
I'm really hoping there's damning evidence of benghazi in there somewhere. 
They won't. It would be more damaging when she is the nominee.
https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4ulv3m/democracy_lost_a_report_on_the_fatally_flawed/
I may not be an American, but I agree that the Democrats doing this is not democratic in the slightest. Now i may not be welcome to post because of my nationality, but American Politics have a nasty habit of affecting the whole world with its policies. Especially the Internet. So it goes without saying that I hope you can pull through and avoid the south park analogy of Turd Sandwich vs Trashcan it so commonly is the world over in politics.
They did drop the bombshell, but Bernie is still endorsing Hillary.  Sorry kids.
Today, I turned to my mother while hoping to drown out the DNC CNN circle jerk on the hotel breakfast area tv, looked at her, and said that unless Bernie or Jill win this election, I will not recognize the next president. To me, there will be no one in the Whitehouse for the next four years. It's time to clean out the government and the next four years should be used to scrub Congress at the state and national levels, all governors and state officials, clean of corruption. We won't reward corruption with government positions, we won't allow democracy to be usurped, we won't fade quietly into the dark. And in four years, we'll work again to elect another candidate who will fight for us to lead our country into greatness with a solid, strong Congress and strong states that will support the president. Perhaps it'll take longer, but it will be done. Sorry Bernie, you called for a revolution, not a campaign slogan. 
[removed]
This is the biggest find yet. Straight up evidence of quid pro quo, and suspiciously only for people who donated to Clinton.

> If you have someone, send to [DNC finance chief of staff Scott] Comer  full name, city, state, email and phone number. Send as many as you want, just dont know how many people will get to.

> The email confused at least one official involved in the exchange.

> Boards and commissions? Sorry, Im lost, wrote Jordan Vaughn, the national finance director for the DNCs African American Leadership Council.

> Comer explained: **Any folks who youd like to be considered to be on the board of (for example) USPS, NEA, NEH. Basically anyone who has a niche interest and might like to serve on the board of one of these orgs.**

> I should say, though, that the likelihood of landing a spot on ones as prestigious as NEA/USPS is unlikely, Comer added, referring to the National Endowment for the Arts and the U.S. Postal Service.

> **Its much more likely theyll get something like Presidents Commission on the Celebration of Women in American History. (no shade to women) But when you submit your names, we dont need specific designations, he continued.**

Edit: just to be clear, evidence of illegal behaviour doesn't necessarily mean that anything will come of it. Not trying to get anyone's hopes up. As we all know unfortunately there are varying degrees of evidence and the burden of proof varies depending on the crime and especially depending on who the implicated parties (and their lawyers) are.
If this is true, it is quid pro quo corruption, and someone should be jailed. Absolutely criminal, how the hell can people pretend this is the liberal party.

Edit: Remeber Rajiv Fernando, a bigtime Dem and Clinton donor, [and how he got on a nuclear advisory board with literally *no* qualifications or experience?](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/clinton-donor-sensitive-intelligence-board/story?id=39710624) This may be a continuation of the same thing.
By all appearances, this is flat out illegal.
WOW, how is it not on the first page of CNN already ?
This is really big ! 100% corruption.
Hillary for Jail 2016
Holy fuck! straight up selling influence
Surely Bernie doesn't want his name and legacy to be damaged by association? 
Whelp that seals the deal for me. I honestly don't know how anyone who supports Hillary can still do it with any integrity. 

The whole game is rigged. If trump wins blame the DNC and the Clinton machine. They have learned absolutely nothing over the years.

Seriously, fuck it. If Bernie doesn't change the game this week - I won't support his endorsement of Hillary. I'll vote for Stein. And don't feed me the whole OMG that's a vote for Trump bull crap. OUR party did this. Screw these people. 
Its official folks. We are a first world banana republic. 
If Sanders doesn't become president, I don't see as many informed liberals voting democrat as loyally as they have before.  From now on, I will actually be looking closely into the candidates I vote for and support, and no longer blindly giving money to the DNC or voting for anyone with a (D) "just 'cuz".  I'm thankful -- if even Sanders cannot become president -- that I have gained awareness of the corruption, and I think this will make me a better citizen. 
This just gets worse and worse. How can the convention even go on with all this?
Didn't Blagojevich go to jail for something like this?
How do revelations like this not just burn the entire republic to the ground?  This eats the core of our system; this kills the equality of the people.
[removed]
Yesterday's DWS resignation/immediate pickup by Hillary...now this.  I'm officially leaving the Democratic party.  Off to become an unaffiliated independent.
Come ob like seriously. Like for fucks sake america can we do nothing about this absolute fucking obvious corruption i mean come the fuck on!
These leaks have been so bittersweet. Sweet for the vindication of being called crazy for months just to be proven correct; bitter for inability to make any real difference at this point.
Damn those Russians /s
Corporate goverment is coming with her...
If the system were fair, Sanders would be the Democratic nominee.

Because the system is not fair, Trump will win.  The DNC really shot themselves in the foot.
What.the.fuck.

Why are people supporting such bullshit.
We need to send this information to international news sites. The emails, the cronyism, the corruption... all of it. If our own media is so disinterested and bought out to give a shit, then at least let the rest of the world know that we've gone to shit before some sorry bastards immigrate here thinking that this is still the land of freedom.
Ask governor Blagojevich how that worked out for him. 
I know a lot of people are asking "Why isn't this on the news yet?". I'm guessing all of this info has only been out for several hours and of all the things news stations don't want to do, the big one is report false or incomplete stories. I'd say give them time to digest this massive leak and then report on it (sadly that won't happen before the convention).

Even so, does anyone know if there is a way we can tell the big boys like CNN, Fox, BBC, etc that this is out there? I'm sure Fox would LOVE to rub one out to this story.
#ILLEGAL
too educated to vote republican, too poor to vote democrat, 
How do we make sure that the focus in the media stays on the content of the leaks and not the methods? I am terrified that the establishment will try to create fear-based patriotism like we have seen have terrifying results. We need a peacemaker in office now more than ever. 
Assange really is *crashing this convention, with no survivors*
Oh but Hillary is SO progressive! Im sure she would never do anything in her best interests and benefit the 1%/ (massive /s) Seriously! This is some serious Gilded Age political tactics and somehow we are supposed to be afraid of Trump. 
So who seriously thinks the dems are the party for the poor and marginalized? It sure seems like they are the party of the priviliged and wealthy. At least with Clinton and DWS at the helm.
I love how the DNC keeps pushing all the news outlets to say how this was done by Russia.  It seems to me the content of the emails matters much more than who obtained them.
For gods sake. Ever since Bernie endorsement, I've been planning on following his lead and supporting the dem candidate no matter what. (and been called a CTR troll ever since) Now though, I'm honestly not sure what to do anymore. Might just not vote for anyone. This is just too ridiculous.
Is no one else going to point out that the daily caller is the home of Anne Coulter and founded by an assistant to Dick Cheney.  Not saying that the report is wrong but make sure you think and read critically folks, watch out for conservative interests trying to manipulate the passions of Bernie supporters for their own benefit.

edit: getting downvoted for reminding people to think critically... that's not encouraging
victory
Keep voting for dems and we will keep getting things like this. As a registered dem I'm done with the party. 
The true reason why there's money in politics.
TREASON! 
As usual, Clinton won't be held responsible for accepting bribes.  The law is only enforced when little people break it.
This shit is seriously fucked up. I have so little faith left in our government caring about ALL of it's citizens. And the one man who did slipped through our fingers because of this collusion. I would have loved to see how he would have performed in a fairly run primary given that he did rather well during an obviously rigged one.
This is some straight up House of Card shit right here
Here's one from April where someone at the DNC is wanting "to highlight" a negative story on Sanders from the 538 blog: https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/13578
I know this is superficial, but DWS is the most physically unattractive person in the news. It looks like a man tried to become a woman, but the operation didn't take hold and now the male version is coming back like a bad paint job.


This is what the Democratic Party always does. They reward criminal activity with promotions. The Dems are the party of corruption, and the GOP is the party of bigotry.  

The Libertarian Party is the party of truth, freedom, and justice. 
Democrat party. Corrupt and rotten to the core, in cahoots with SOROS and the left wing media cabal.


I read the article but honestly, those documents do not show what is in the title AT ALL. Their only evidence is that there was "USPS" next to someone's name.

Rest of their "evidences" are just assumptions. Someone have a political position. Someone donated a lot of money. Where is the evidence of casuality between those two?


I want to hate DNC, I want to see what is really wrong with it but jumping to conclusions over some sketchy "evidence" will not help us at all. 
That dead lizard look on DWS's face is why Alex Jones loses sleep at night. 
dailycaller.com

Jesus Christ.  Can we stop linking known ultra right wing websites?
Wow.  This needs to be spread everywhere.mpost it in fb, Twitter, etc
Aren't these appointments practically ceremonial resume' filler? Is real influence actually being peddled?
This is the kind of shit show you'd expect of Republicans and their favoratism towards their big interests. Although its nothing short of expected, the fact that now there's evidence of these corrupt politicians out there, I really hope we'll kick the major parties to the curb within the decade.
Ok so are people going to jail now please
Should I just keep voting guys until its all fixed?
And of course this isn't on any of the major media outlets.
Of course they do. I mean, Hillary did the whole quid pro quo thing while secretary of state, why wouldn't she do the same as president.
Could they argue the list was composed to compare to donations to ensure they *weren't* breaking the law or having the appearance of breaking the law?

I haven't read the emails.  Obviously, we have two shitshows for conventionsnrhis year, and I'm not impressed with my choices.
Aww wait so if i donated to Hillary I couldve became governor of cali? 
Just imagine. If trump wins, how glorious the DNC will be with Bernie Sanders undoubtedly having their full "we fucked up" level of support. 

4 years of Trump damage + 4 years of Bernie undoing damage Vs 8 years of Clinton doing damage. 

That's the choice you get if they nominate Clinton. 
Who watches the watchmen?

No but seriously, how do these people get put in jail? Is it even possible?
there's absolutely nothing to see here. dissapointed
[removed]
Whoo hoo! Yet another crime Noone will be convicted of. 
This is so juicy I can't believe news corps aren't airing this all day
Any word on what Bernie is going to do,  is he hush on this whole fiasco, or is planning to disrupt the establishment? 
Talk about the DNC rules in NY suppressing any person wanting to vote for Sanders if they decided to vote for him in the NY primary after seeing him debate her. The DNC rules meant you had to be a  registered Democrat the previous YEAR to vote in the primary. 
       
This, after Sanders 7th win in a row. Iy  completely kept out all of his independent and new younger non-registered  voters. They would have been enough to take NY with a WIN.
Time to repost this on /politics again, since they deleted it again :D
Disgusting 

STILL BERNIE ENDORSES THAT. 
We have had a coup and nobody cares.
It's nice to the Donald flock here downvoting anything anti trump. No progressive would ever vote for trump. Now shoo.
I would have preferred for Bernie to accept the Green Party offer to become their nominee than accept the DNC's corruption for the sake of beating Trump - the way things are going, Trump will win anyways.
 To think that corruption and bribery is legal in the US, and they are so greedy that they breach even the modicum of remaining rules. How many times are we going to catch them red handed and nothing happens? Why bother having laws at all if those in power can get away with it at will?
wtf man....
<--------------This is my surprised face. Corruption is as corruption does.
Isn't this a natural byproduct of *Citizens United*?
I realize the article is sourced but people will still be skeptical on here about a Daily Caller article. Any other sources right now on this that could get more views/upvotes?
And all Bernie gets for his endorsement is a seven figure book deal?

https://pjmedia.com/trending/2016/07/14/noted-anti-capitalist-man-of-the-people-sanders-inks-book-deal/

Life's not fair.
i am a small government, rand paul supporting, constitution loving, conservative and libertarian.

i hope you people realize THIS is exactly why people like me dont want a big federal government.  you build a big government and then people like Clinton and Trump use it against us, the people.
I mean, when the hell are people going to stand up and say "enough is enough!"  I've been telling everyone about these emails but no one gives a flying fuck.  It's like America has just accepted that our government is corrupt from top to bottom.  I'm so sick of my country.  I've fought (deployed) twice to defend it... and for what?  So that lazy, stupid Americans can continue to elect corrupt leaders?

What a god damn waste.
This post has made it to 5,000 up votes and has been posted on the twitter account @Reddit5000!
						
To see the tweet, check here: https://twitter.com/Reddit5000/status/757584970231668741

^You ^can ^find ^all ^5,000 ^posts ^here: ^https://twitter.com/Reddit5000

^, ^7,500 ^posts ^here: ^https://twitter.com/Reddit7500

^,And ^10,000 ^posts ^here: ^https://twitter.com/Reddit10000
						
^(I'm a bot, don't worry about supporting me (I don't cost much)^), ^(but you can support )[^charity](http://freethoughtpedia.com/wiki/Secular_charities) ^and [^science!](http://www.sens.org/)
Still not voting for clump
I wouldn't call a man who looks like he just rolled over with no resistance stubborn.
I wonder if the police would shut that down immediately?
"They don't know your name is being put in nomination, thats the concern."

After watching 4 times thats what I think she said. 


I heard something along those lines too. Something about " They don't know ... .... nomination. ". This could be the most important hot mic ever.We need the experts.
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/757638420516581376

Clarification from the Sander's Camp
"they don't know your name is being put in nomination, that's the concern" 

???
Sorry for lousy quality:  https://youtu.be/PTBC6MIzbks
Of course his name is being put up for nomination, this happens at every convention 
"Scooby-Dooby gimme that boobie" -jane
She definitely said the word nomination. 
"They don't know your name is being put in the nomination."
what this means is that Bernie needs to be nominated and it has to be seconded BEFORE the first Roll Call - otherwise his delegates' votes for him won't count as votes but only "present".  So he has to be nominated to be on the ballot so his delegates - and any of hers that have been swayed by Roll Call will actually count as VOTES for him.  This (if authentic) means he HAS been nominated and it was 2nded and his delegates votes will count as votes.  I, however, would NOT put it past the DNC to alter a video to make it look as though he's already been nominated in an effort to make his delegates believe it's been done already so they don't do it. I hope it is authentic but we can't know for sure if that is what she really said unless SHE or his campaign confirm - and they cannot do so at this time.
http://usuncut.com/politics/bernie-speech-hot-mic-nomination/
In the above article is says  "MSNBC producer Kyle Griffin confirmed the news of a roll call vote on Sanders nomination with Sanders campaign spokesman Michael Briggs" and as we know, MSNBC works for the DNC.


"They don't know that you are getting your name _____in nomination, that's the concern". That's what I heard.
Curious, heard it as well.
They don't know....nomination...

That's what I could hear.
They don't know your name is being put in nomination, that's their concern.
I heard "They don't know all the super-delegates are switching their vote to you and you'll be our next president" anyone else?
For the record,  no delegate is legally bound to vote in any way for any candidate, they are pledged.
Wait bernies speech was during the afternoon? Flipping hell i figured he would at least get some kinda after 5pm slot whem people might see it
I heard this too! I didn't exactly catch exactly what she said, but it definitely had the word "nomination" in it! Trying to find a link...
[deleted]
"They don't know your name is being put in for nomination" 
Does this mean he can be nominated? 
Anyone have the sound bite ? 
Yeah she said something about "They don't know you.... nomination...that's their concern"
Its not much. Just means this basically: http://thecaucus.blogs.nytimes.com/2008/08/14/clintons-name-will-be-put-in-nomination/comment-page-11/?_r=0
They are talking abt in on MSNBC right now
Heard it live. Couldn't believe how clear it was.
it could be just that she realizes his comments to the delegates that they should vote for hrc might be being construed as him saying they should vote for her as delegates? implying he's giving up and stepping aside... so maybe she's pointing that out to him - that the delegates are mad because they don't realize he's still being put up for nomination. maybe?
This must be good news right?
Or is it "They don't know your name is still on the nomination, that's the concern"? Could that be it, and she is basically just saying that his name is still nominated 4 prez, and her point being that the superdelegates still have to vote for Clinton for president?
So, nothing new BUT this could imply that he still has a shot with the superdelegates?
"They dont know.... your name.... nomination" 

As a side, I can picture Sanders tearing up behind the scenes after that speech. Knowing that he has done what he had to do and being turned on by his own delegates like that. 
Something about someone not knowing that his name was something. That's all I caught. This comment isn't very helpful.
Oh man, What was that about it sounded important
Link?
judges, we're going to need to check the slo-mo replay
Come on Bernie don't let us down. 
WHAT DOES IT MEAN?!
Holy shit. That's... HOLY SHIT!
This should make the doubters think twice. 
When Tulsi chooses to run, she absolutely has my vote.
When is wikileaks going to release emails from when Rep. Gabbard resigned from the DNC? I imagine those would be quite illuminating
pardon me everyone but did tulsi ever endorse clinton ..i dont think i saw that memo? in which case she really has shown her integrity on more than one occasion when it mattered. 

And frankly, making someone like her DNC chair IS the right message they are obviously too dumb or corrupt to send.
This is why I campaigned for Tulsi since she ran for Honolulu City Council.  She is a woman of ethics and convictions.
Tulsi will go down as a hero when people look back at this cycle. Doing the right thing when it wasn't convenient.
Tulsi Jane and Nina Turner are the best
I need a Sanders/Gabbard run so bad. Or at least a comic book with them as a hero duo.
Tulsi Gabbard should have been the new DNC chair.
For crying out loud, I do not know how I forgot about Jane.
She has got to be first lady.
C'mon, Super Delegates, start thinking about what is good for the country.
C'mon, Wiki Leaks, give daddy some sugar.

Bernie and his supporters all seem to be honourable and full of integrity.

I am only 24 and already am a cynical turd. Goddamnit I want to be half as wonderful as Sanders when I grow old.
Well looky here! It's nice to see S4P up here on the front page again.
As a Trump supporter, I would have voted for Gabbard had she run.
DNC has to go. It's way too courrpt, I am a registered dem and will never vote for the party again. It's all independents from now on or green party. I don't need the better of two evils , I'm fine voting for a third option. 
dear jane..it is with deep sadness that i have to inform you that someone has replaced you with a stepford democrat, and perhaps your husband as well..donna is part of the problem and not part of the solution.
we love you and your husband ..please come back to us 
we miss you
She is the next big Dem Star. 
Meanwhile Hillary Clinton is *somehow* saying the same about DWS. 
She should have stayed as a spy for the Bernie camp and exposed what we all knew a lot sooner to give Bernie a better shot.
Tulsi Gabbard primary challenge in 2020? Maybe with Tim Canova as VP? A few things have to happen first, but I think the republicans are going to push Tom Cotton hard in 2020, and it would be great to have our own military vet ready to defeat him.
Ouch, was that a jab at Elizabeth Warren?
A few of our leaders stay true to their core values and integrity. Tulsi and Cornel  West are  the 2 names I can think of. Nina hasn't yet endorsed Hillary. She is also my heroine. The revolution train is moving, a few of our leaders decide to stay back on the platform. Bernie  and Jane, will you join us on this train?  Think about people like us who don't have much money. We gave you what we could, $5, $10. We made phone call, canvassed. We volunteered and more because we believe in your integrity. We believe that you would be with us until the end. How sad  to witness the day you stood behind Hillary and cheered on her. By endorsing Hillary and told us we now have to unite behind the Queen to fight the wall street billionaire, you just slap us hard on our faces.  As you told us many times, Hillary is a representative of billionaire class. She is not with us, 99%. She is everything we are fighting against.  Now you tell us to help electing the new members for the house and senate for Democratic party, the party that cheated  us. Do you see who is a new chair for Hillary campaign? DWS. The same person who blocked our movement, who cheated you out of being a DNC nominee. You think she will let you bring any new progressive members into the party. I don't know I should laugh or cry here.  You are a new Jessie Jackson of 2016. I am so sad to see you become just another puppet for Democrats.  Bernie and Jane , our revolution train is leaving, please get on the train, please join our fight...please.
Nailed it. 


I may be a republican, but I have immense respect for tulsi. It takes balls to turn down a position of that magnitude for your morals. I hope to see more of her in the future. She would make a great vp in a decade. 
Are we pulling people from the day you stood behind Hillary and told us many times, Hillary is a woman of ethics and convictions.
Now it is up to bernie to show integrity and run as 3rd party
DWS is just so shady. And Gabbard is going to be a rock star. 
Integrity is lost upon non Sanders supporting Democrats. 
Bernie supporters will never forget her. The integrity she showed when she stepped down in order to endorse Bernie is amazing. Hopefully, old Bernie supporters will come to support her in the future for whatever office she decides to run. 
[removed]
Reading the tweets back to her...it sent me to tears. More grief process....
Do you #feelthebern yet?  It's not over yet. #donate and #facebank. 
Then tell your husband to shore up his integrity and disavow Clinton.
People like to be so optimistic.  Not me so much..

What some see as integrity, I just see as backing the wrong horse.  If Bernie had won, she no doubt would have landed a significantly improved position.  I'm going to coin 'ltbarcly's law': never resort to altruism to explain someone's actions when basic self interest can explain them just as well.
YES! THANK YOU JANE! 
She would be VP right now if she hadn't.

America! FUCK YEAH!
Well done Jane!
Lol yeah right.  'Resigned' or was pushed.  From all the news coming out of the DNC I think it's safe to say if she wasn't on board the Clinton ship she needed to jump off.  
Never been more relevant. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jS8WQ9CNgbQ

"the democrans and republicrats are flashin their toothy smiles" 
Thank you Jane.
As a mid elder, I keep begging Bernie to run Independent or 3rd party. If truth prevails in this convention and Bernie becomes the nominee, or if not, Bernie is the only one who can heal a totally divided nation. Ever since Bush & the SCOTUS stole the election in 2000, there has been lost worldwide this simple construct about the US and the Presidency, **prestige.**

WE the people of the world need Bernie to bring back the construct of prestige.

The bigger problem Bernie faces, is this is the US, Le top dog of Le billionaires pile up. It's a nice "European" goal to build a progressive movement but if Bernie folds the 1% will crush us here, thereby the rest of the world. Thereby Bernie and you Dear sweet Jane will carry that sorrow. All simply because of the lessor SCOTUS evil when in complete truth WE don't care about the loss in this quagmire in every possible level of a non functioning oligarchic disaster.

I could argue point after point after point after point after point after point. My main argument is WHY the younger gens are seeking truth through you is that they are Americans and have read about, have it in every fiber of their being, would like to see and experience the truth called **prestige.** This accommodating evil, billary in their 3rdtermcoupattempt, excuse my French, is antithesis. There WILL be guilt to carry if Bernie does not carry through to the general.

I'll simplify it. Bernie is reacting like prestige is forever GONE. That they have convinced him of that in this well worn rut. History begs to differ.

Jane Sanders 2020!
Enough passive aggressive remarks. Turn the DNC on its heels and refuse to endorse. Tell the convention to vote their conscious.  Sanders is hurting his political revolution movement tremendously by endorsing Clinton. After Cruz essentially told his supporters to vote 3rd party,  if Sanders did the same it would definitely give a 3rd party 15% which gives them funding and gets them into debates.  He spent his entire political career fighting against the two party system, if he refuses to endorse, his entire career will have led to this.  Make it happen Bernie, give someone besides the corrupt two party system the chance you've been dying to give them.  
*future President Tulsi Gabbard -- she seriously cannot lose against anyone they put her up against IMO. The only thing she doesn't have is 'political experience,' which by the looks of Trump doesn't matter anymore.
#BernTheWitch
I still love Jane, I'll always love Jane. Now that everything is almost over, maybe I'll miss seeing her regularly the most.
Is it really wise to support an individual who himself has taken a position opposite to yours? Bernie reactions and action in response to this saga clearly betrays his very tame rhetoric. 
I fear that in the grand scheme of things that ultimately nothing is going to change here.
Too bad Bernie can't find that integrity 
Serious question: why is this sub still active if Sanders now endorses clinton and isn't running? What's the subs purpose now? 
When the exit polls are off by  over 10%, when the electronic voting machines consistantly show a 20% difference compared to the paper voting booths, it's not hard to see that Bernie really did get more votes.  

The DNC plotted against Bernie from the start.  The DNC is offering up cabinet postitions to those that purchase them.  The DNC is controlling what the MSM says about this election cycle.  Why suddenly is election fraud too much for them?  

I'd be willing to stake my very existence on it.  Bernie got more votes.  The DNC committed election fraud.
Let's not go crazy with saying Bernie won the nomination. Whether Hillary won it legit is another matter. What matters now is to show that Hillary has no chance of winning the general election. They went with a candidate that cannot win. Their only choice now is switch to Bernie.
Quit being conciliatory and fight for what you purportedly believe in. Stop kissing the ring!!! Be the man we thought you were!!!
Oh, we're back to posting this idiot again?

H.A. Goodman has proven time and time again to be a complete crackpot who is wrong about nearly everything he says. 
Of course it's H. A. Goodman... Guys, if you don't get by this point that this is just a guy who found a hustle by telling you what you want to hear, then you are just as dumb as he thinks.
The next headline
"Trump is being inaugurated president, here's how bernie can still win"


[deleted]
As neat as it would be for Sanders to get in there and take a fight to the floor for the nomination it won't happen.

He has repeatedly rolled over and will now tell you all to vote for the woman and party that back stabbed him.

Sadly, I now think Bernie lacks the self-respect to stand up for himself, let alone try to fight it out at the convention. 
a more concise message might help get the point across
Maybe he did, but this is the wrong angle on this. Prosecution of criminal actions by Hillary and the DNC are the only way we'll take her down. We need to take these leaks and demand people are held accountable.
[removed]
OH MY GOD GUYS SHE WON THE NOMINATION, I'M NOT SAYING SHE SHOULD HAVE OR THAT SHE'S THE BETTER CANDIDATE, BUT SHE WON IT, THE CHEATING PROBABLY HAD A NEGLIGIBLE EFFECT ON THE OVERALL RESULTS.
Goodman is obviously biased but he is not a joke. It isn't his fault that Comey repeated everything he said and then choose not to indict. Take what he says with a grain of salt and you'd realize there actually is a case for nominating Bernie. If there was some sort of fairness doctrine in place, he recieved more media coverage, and the DNC did not rig the primaries in favor of Hillary, there is a serious case he would have won the popular vote. And there is still a serious case that Hillary is a disaster waiting to happen. Though to be fair no one knows if she will pull out a win. But it appears she has to barely edge Trump out just to win.
I agree with the message but H A Goodman Is a joke
lol you people just dont get it, he doesnt give a shit. He was never going to fight for you. He is totally fine with giving Hillary the nomination. That's what you get when you vote in PC politics
Bernie can't just 'take it'
Forget the Democratic Party. Vote Libertarian. Let's end the two-party system. 
Brilliant. And it will never be allowed to happen again.
Huge thanks to this man. Big thanks to Vice for covering it. I'm so pleased that smart and active people like him fight and take back some of the voice our corporatist party system has stolen from us. 
Their audio seems unedited, I can hear booing more clearly
> I never thought I'd be watching Fox News

[Guess what, you're in the resistance now.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3C83hzkg7o)
/r/StillSandersForPres
They can be pretty good at covering real time events, but like any news channel, ignore the pundits and form your own opinion...
There is no need to wait for 7/29. Bernie speaks 7/25. 
https://www.demconvention.com/event-categories/july-25/

If he doesn't say something big, it's going to hurt dems.
#DemExitIsUnity is trending 
Don't do it if you live in FL, KS, DE, WY, and AZ.

These states have closed primaries for congressional races coming up, and we can't miss them.
And this is the outrageous thing about the response now, really.

NO ONE is talking about all of those HRC camp emails in this mix. The MSM is putting ALL of the focus on the DNC, and virtually none on the HRC campaign. 

The DNC and Hillary's campaign were one in the same, and we see proof in the emails. THAT's the story that should be reported.

I'm sure none of us is surprised that it isn't. 
Click on link above for a summary of an Election Justice USA report on Election Fraud and Voter Suppression in the 2016 Democratic primaries.  

Full report 100 pages to be released soon!
This is the house of cards that Hillary's nomination stands on.  What do you think her opponent will do with this?
Well said.
I want our Bernie back. What have they done to our Bernie?
Well said.  Bernie, go Green.  The ballot access is there.  The most progressive platform is there.
If Sanders doesn't stand up to the DNC and HRC, we can assume he has little or no choice due to non-public info. If that is the case, we need to stop focusing on Sanders and start focusing on taking our democracy back, with or without a leader like Sanders. We are the people, we are the democracy, we are the revolution. Sanders started it but we have to keep it alive.
I hope all the open letter people have actually sent their letters somewhere it counts. Just posting it here does nothing since we all feel the same way. 
agreed all the way one day you Kris Craig must run for an office
Good read. I want to see a Bernie presidency. that being said, I think, Bernie's long term goal is to change the Democratic party from the inside, not just win this election. I'm with you, he could win if he went Green, however, I think Bernie's ambitions are more long term.
guys it seems like he has it in his head that its Hillary or nothing, i love him but i think they have their hand up his ass at this point.
Well said....

But prepare for Bernie to throw you under the bus because he is going for Hillary.

You have two choices at this point for who is going to be president. Choose wisely....but I can't support Hillary right now.
I don't give a shit how she does it. Donald Trump is this worst possible outcome. I'd rather have a liar than a lying, fascist, psychotic criminal. Of course I do not like what the DNC did. So much so that I will not register as a Democrat. But Donald Trump is something different. We cannot have him as President for a fleeting moment.
[deleted]
The FBI actually refused to comment on investigations when Director Comey was asked about the Clinton Foundation in regards to Hillary's emails. It's nowhere near a confirmation of that investigation existing, but by no means should you rule it out.
Watch Clinton cash, you will puke. They made money on people's misery in Haiti actually everywhere.
The Clinton Foundation is not a charity.

They have never claimed to be a traditional charity, and they state publicly that they keep their money in house for their "employees."

Now let me tell you what they REALLY do. They act as brokers for influence in Washington. Like a super lobbyist for multiple industries (just look at their "tracks" and you'll see they align with heavily lobbied industries). 

So what happens is if you want to buy influence, you donate to the Clinton Foundation. They then bribe a government official with a nice, highly paid job at the Clinton Foundation in exchange for their compliance.

It is the classic Washington revolving door on lobbying government officials, then hiring those officials as lobbyists. The bribe is your fat lobbyist paycheck.

This is why the Clinton Foundation needs all this money. 

It is a giant revolving door across multiple industries on a massive scale.

One stockbroker got on a strategic nuclear panel by donating. This would allow him to insider trade on any decisions made by the panel and any effort to expose his corruption would be stone walled by national security constraints on classified information.

Now this was a direct appointment while Hillary was SoS. In the future she'll just act as a middleman for these kinds of deals.





I appreciate your hard work, but...

>Bill Cosby is even a donor

Stuff like this just downplays all your work to tabloid levels. When you're talking about shit like racketeering and foreign governments, you don't need to put petty level stuff in the same category. I'm guessing Bill Cosby's contribution was negligible, and it has nothing to do with his current legal troubles. So unless there's some kind of evidence that Bill is going to get a pardon from President Hillary, there's no reason to reduce the importance of your work in this way. 
Don't get on any planes or buses anytime soon.
6 billion? Can that possibly be right 
dude, watch your back
google chrome is showing the site as dangerous, is this more censorship?
I'm a fervent Bernie supporter but the citations within this actual post are complete and utter bs. How this thread topic on www.scam.com (which has only 3 pages and no definitive citations within it) can reach the top of the page completely confuses me...
I find Bill Cosby an odd inclusion there.

Did Trump donate to the Clinton Foundation?
I hope nobody will call you a conspiracy nut, because that would be a real insult to the conspiracy nuts.
The line was crossed at Bill Cosby
Am I wrong to not take this post 100% seriously because the two links are to online forums? 
Anything else you want to throw in there, maybe the sinking of the Lusitania? 
Good job brother, what would you like your tombstone to say?
Bill Cosby endorsing Hillary Clinton is irrelevant.
I'm going to get skewered for this, but I feel that the claim that the charity misappropriates funds donated to it is unfair; most of the Clinton Foundation's charitable works aren't done through cash grants to other charities, but through actual charitable work done by employees of the foundation.

These articles have a good breakdown on their operations: http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/apr/29/rush-limbaugh/rush-limbaugh-says-clinton-foundation-spends-just-/
http://www.factcheck.org/2015/06/where-does-clinton-foundation-money-go/

"$6 billion in donations" is an order of magnitude off, by the way, given the source provided in the initial claim. (http://thefederalist.com/2015/04/27/in-2013-the-clinton-foundation-only-spent-10-percent-of-its-budget-on-charitable-grants/)
Did anyone involved in this have any kind of formal legal education?
What were the 20 Hatch Act violations please?

What makes you and your husband more qualified the the FBI and Bernie Sanders? 

If you had proof "beyond a reasonable doubt", then why haven't you gotten a lawyer and fought this in court?

Your credibility and claims seem like nothing more than conspiracies. 

Edit: rofl @ downvotes. if you had a legit argument countering me, you'd reply with it instead. 
https://imgur.com/a/lFHx3
Hello guys. Something seems a little off here. First of all, there's some essential information that is lacking from your investigation, maybe you haven't found it out, but anyways - it should be mentioned. And that is:

Which countries is The Clinton Foundations biggest donators? Yes, Saudi Arabia, but Norway and Australia is also in top 3. That's two well-functioning democracies. Why would they give money to the CF if they weren't actually going to charity?

According to norwegian media, among their sources, a consulting company called Multiconsult, which has investigated the donations, they said that the money were actually going to charity and the foundation was following the rules and requirements as all the other charities that Norway was giving to. There was a lot about CF in norwegian media the last month because they thought it was a little weird that Norway was in the company of Saudi Arabia, a country not known to be very interested in charity, in being the CF top donors. However, they concluded with that the foundation was actually using the money for charity. Also, it seems that norwegian politicians likes giving to CF over other charities because it gives them a good relationship with the Clintons (worlds most powerful family) (they get to eat lunch with Bill and so on if they give money to the foundation) and USA, which is a country we for some reason really like being friends with... This information was all collected from a couple of norwegian news articles

edit: Norway gave 584 million NOK, 68 million dollars between 2007-2015 to CF

edit2: But, you are right, there were some mentions in norwegian media that there were some accusations that CF was faking some of their records and that all the money weren't actually going to charity, but for the investigation done by the consulting company in Norway, which was about one of CF's projects (some renewable windmill project on some islands somewhere), they found out that the money was actually being used for that. The investigation did not say anything about the other countries' donations, and if they were being used for charity.

edit3: I just wanted to give you some insights on what norwegian media is writing about CF

edit4: English article that sums it up pretty well http://www.thelocal.no/20160704/norways-funding-of-clinton-foundation-under-scrutiny
What's wrong with bill Cosby donating?
How can this be forced in front of criminal Court?      
      
Also, they should remain in jail during trial for risk of leaving the country.
This whole thread is tinfoil-hat.
Don't lie to us about just how much a scumbag Hillary is Bernie. If you won't be honest with us, I can't respect you. Did anyone see that glowing statement Clinton put about DWS, talking about she looks forward to campaigning for her? How the fuck can Bernie shill for this crook? It blows my mind.
6000 Sanders supporters just upvoted a site that claims that jews caused 9/11 and lung cancer is caused by chem trails just because the headline was anti Clinton.
Don't lift weights alone either one of you ya hear 
"Volunteer investigator"? That's not a thing.
Bill Cosby, the guy accused of drugging women?
>Bill Cosby is even a donor

What about Bilbo Baggins? This sounds like r/conspiracy material. 
This sub has turned into a sub-sub of /r/conspiracy
Regardless of what you find, the media will never report it, maybe brand you as some sort of conspiracy theorists if you're lucky.
This sore loser shit is actively transforming a "Bernie" sub intoto a "gotta get back at Hillary any way possible for hurting me" sub.


It's best for everyone's mental health to just accept that, in elections, loss is a major part of the game. You win some and you lose some. Bernie Sanders lost. He accepted his loss and endorsed his rival. I suggest many of you do the same, continue fighting for what you believe in and abandon these angry people already. 


All these nuts and loons ever brought to you was contempt and insults. They really worked against you and for every one step you rational Bernie supporters made forward, they marched you back two. 

Again, THESE PEOPLE ARE HURTING YOU. It's why, at this point, no one will pay you or anything you claim much mind. 

Do yourself a favor. Abandon the conspiracy theorists and fringe nuts. Work towards getting your down ballot candidates elected. Get progressives in Congress so that they reign in HRC and ensure any legislation has your interests in mind. 


But stop this pettiness and ugliness. Stop the conspiracy shit. Stop the temper tantrum and bitterness. It's an ugly look and it's turning people away from you. At this point... I think even you guys know you're just yelling into a tube that feeds back into your echo chamber. 
got any links to the same information in a form that windows doesn't think is gonna harm my computer?
Source on the the Saudi claim? Or any of these claims?
>Of the $6 Billion donated so far, less than 10% went to any charity

That is how foundations work. They don't give out everything in the year they get it. A foundation exist to give out money over time. 
What are the Hatch act violations?
Don't forget about the Haiti scandal, where adequate housing was never built and a lot of money was unaccounted for.
think you posted this in the wrong sub, you're looking for r/conspiracy
The inclusion of Bill Cosby makes me disregard everything else about your post. 
Is this some sort of joke? You link to truther websites rehashing old controversies that were investigated and nothing was found, like "Chinagate" and claims of Russia paying for uranium even though the SOS did not have authority to make those decisions?

If I read any further I'm going to come across Vince Foster! and other nonsense. The "protected the Saudis" claim is full of truthers talking about building 7. Unbelievable. Almost every citation is a right wing blog with no credibility as well. This is just pathetic, even for you Bros.
I hope all of you can stay in your echo chamber for the next 1-3 years. After that it won't matter.
Gotta love the Trump fandom here.
Here is TrustVote.org's press release of their election fraud lawsuit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGnH75jZCGg
Is Bill Cosby donating to a presidential campaign a felony now? For him for or for Clinton? Both? Do you really expect us to take you seriously?
Way to waste your time Columbo. 
I also did some research on her returns....many links were disabled within 48 hours. I posted over 4 months back.  This is probably when I officially became more aware. Some sites were far right, some CNN, some education links, and some others.  I had another post too.  It really bothered me to watch the links get disabled and watching the clear spin. As more and more is being shown to be true, I just want to say thank you guys for this reddit community.  Not paranoid...not crazy, just wanted to vote for a great candidate. Here is what I found and questions I asked...some was timeline of events, some of it just interesting...

Also, for those wanting more in depth: As an educator, I recently did my own research and came to this topic. Back last year...Hillary released her returns and addressed by the GOP regarding the for-profit connections...Bernie stays away from it as some of this is connected to the email fiasco, but to be honest the stuff with Hillary's tax return from 2014 regarding GEMS Education and Laureate International Universities made my blood boil as a democrat and educator-these companies bring in millions FOR PROFIT, with the cover of "getting education around the world." In Hillary's 2014 return it shows income from the largest FOR PROFIT k-12 and post secondary programs in the world-I won't get into the theories, but just the facts. It is extremely concerning as outsourcing/privatization appears is the primary focus of these companies: http://www.breitbart.com/.../clinton-cash-connections.../ and http://www.arabianbusiness.com/bill-clinton-paid-5-6m-by...
*On GEMS, they brought in millions in federal eduction grants and have opened private schools (I used to do federal grant reviews and I followed up to see how those schools did-well, sadly, the GEMS Charters and partner co GPS took millions in outsourcing fees (via partner company in NY, Global Partnership Schools), and many of the schools/charters failed and they placed the blame on the teachers-privatizing at it's finest (Ohio, NY closed due to litigation, Massachusetts, Baltimore, Pueblo, Connecticut). We wonder why Chicago and other teachers are so fed up.
2010 article: http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/.../gemss-sunny.../
2012 Baltimore: http://articles.baltimoresun.com/.../bs-md-turnaround...
2012, Denver: http://www.denverpost.com/ci_20002284
Example, Fast forward 2014 Chicago Public School opened by GEMS (private): http://www.prnewswire.com/.../first-gems-world-academy-k...
https://www.dnainfo.com/.../gems-world-academy-downtown...
Teachers demand funding for PUBLIC education:? http://www.cnn.com/.../us/chicago-teachers-strike-walkout/
Wiki on GEMS: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GEMS_Education (note, someone disabled many of the articles since I found this at the end of February).
I really believe some in depth journalism should be done on this. It is so easy to blame public education but much money is to be made if privatization occurs at the expense of our democracy.
This mainly addresses GEMS, but Laureate is a whole additional post of links/info.
[Errmm](http://i.imgur.com/Qu0lgB4.png)
Lol just stop. Don't do this to you yourselves 
ROFL, literally armchair lawyers. 
  
I suspect that this sub just got trolled hard.  
He's pretty forward that he does not have near the political power and so as a Chancellor.
I have a few questions. Excuse me if any of them have been asked already. 

1. Where did you get these documents? Were they part of a recent leak? Is it from the Panama Papers? It would be great to know.

2. What is scam.com and why is it considered a malicious site?

3. Are all the points you made in this post connected to the forums? I only browsed the forums but mostly only saw links to sites like forbes.com. I didn't really expect any truth there so I didn't click. What am I missing? 

4. What is your username on the forums. If you are saying something on the forums that you want us to read, point us in that direction.

5. What do you plan to do with this? Have you contacted the media?

Getting everybody excited about information like this might be what the DNC would love. "Let's get the Bernie Bros excited about a bullshit story so we can make them look stupid during the convention." I don't trust anything related to this election besides Bernie Sanders and he looks as if he's sitting this one out. If we are going to do something about this, let's be sure to do it right. Maybe we should find a way to present this information to the masses in an easier to swallow way as well. I'm here to help if needed.


RIP OP. I fully expect you and your husband to be found dead somewhere or end up in jail for some bogus charges and mountains of evidence. 
> Bill Cosby is even a donor

I haven't looked into the research yet, but how the hell is this relevant?
OP please be safe
We may disagree about politics, but this is much bigger than that. I commend you, your husband, and all those that worked with you. You are true Americans and deserve medals.
The amount of Hillary hate here is disgusting.  
The thing I find most disturbing, and rarely discussed, is how often this pattern repeats itself:
1. Big bank or big corporation pays Clintons $100k+
2. Said bank or corporation sends employee to be high level State Department official under Hillary.
3. That employee serves to direct HRC to make decisions making that bank or corporation millions of $.
Bernie is clear that Trump is the enemy. His battle with Hillary Clinton will be in the Senate when she tries to  pass non-Liberal bills. 

Not at this stage of the campaign. He will NEVER ask his supporters to go to Trump.
Clintons think the collective memory is short. Not this time. She will be burdened by impeachment hearings within months of being elected -if that happens. I dislike a narcissistic president but a sociopath is a different animal entirely. Not good. 
What kind of merit badge do you get for this?
LOL!

Perhaps crimes were committed but did you find specific intent to commit crimes? 


Senator Sanders replied:

"This is my message. Is that we have got to stay focused and the immediate focus has got to be that a disastrous candidate like Donald Trump cannot be elected. My second message is that we continue a political revolution and fight for a government that represents all of us and not just the 1%... We must defeat Donald Trump and elect Secretary Clinton."
...Be careful you don't accidentally shoot yourself in the back of the head 3 times. 
I hope you don't get assassinated.
>The Saudis are funding 20% of Hillary's current presidential campaign.

#20 FUCKING PERCENT#
Here is a comment that I posted a few weeks ago:

---

In my opinion, a success for the Sanders campaign would be to continue to expose the influence of Big Money in politics and to reduce the influence of Big Money in governance: see [Getting Big Money Out of Politics and Restoring Democracy](https://berniesanders.com/issues/money-in-politics/).

On that topic, I wish to expose in some details the incredible link between wealthy donors and Hillary Clinton, presumptive nominee of the Democratic party, through donations to the Clinton Foundation.

The practice of collecting speaking fees allowed Hillary and Bill Clinton to receive [$153 million since 2001](http://www.cnn.com/2016/02/05/politics/hillary-clinton-bill-clinton-paid-speeches/), including [$2.7 million for Bill Clinton after Hillary declared her candidacy](http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2016/06/06/hillarys-bill-problem?). Those practices cast a shadow on the financial integrity of the White House in a H. Clinton Administration.

# The Clinton Foundation

The Clinton Foundation (also named Bill, Hillary & Chelsea Clinton Foundation) operates in a wildly different manner than other charity organizations since only ~15% of the donated money is transferred as grants to other organizations while ~85% stays within the Clinton Foundation to be spent on various expenses, including charity work done by the Foundation itself, but also salaries, travel expenses and sums only labeled as 'other expenses'. The foundation also received substantial money from foreign governments. Due to the unusual way in which the foundation operates, it has been put on the watch list of problematic nonprofits in 2015.

In addition to charity work, the Clinton Foundation can serve at least three additional purposes:

1. Paying expenses for the Clintons, their family and their entourage. Expenses can be material and supplies, clothing, travel expenses, unspecified expenses, or salaries. Bill Clinton and Chelsea Clinton had key roles at the Foundation. Eric Braverman, a former colleague of Chelsea, was named CEO of the Foundation. Huma Abedin was Hillary Clinton's Deputy Chief of Staff at the State Department. She was hired under a special agreement to be allowed to work for private entities, and as such received a salary as a paid consultant from the Clinton Foundation.

2. Receive money from private entities which expect a political return: better access to the Secretary of State, influence on the future decisions of the Presidential candidate. Some examples are provided below.

3. Receive money from foreign governments. An elected US official is under strict regulation to prevent them receiving monetary sums from foreign governments. For example, the Clinton Foundation received donations from 20 foreign countries. From those countries, 16 out of 20 received arms deals with the Secretary of State, an average increase of 143% compared to Bush years.


###### Sources:

http://nypost.com/2015/04/26/charity-watchdog-clinton-foundation-a-slush-fund/

http://thefederalist.com/2015/03/02/the-u-s-constitution-actually-bans-hillarys-foreign-government-payola/

https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/foreign-governments-gave-millions-to-foundation-while-clinton-was-at-state-dept/2015/02/25/31937c1e-bc3f-11e4-8668-4e7ba8439ca6_story.html

# Links to Arms Deals

The Clinton Foundation received money from foreign governments. An elected US official is under strict regulation to prevent them receiving monetary sums from foreign governments and individuals.

The State Department approved $165 billion worth of commercial arms sales to 20 nations whose governments have given money to the Clinton Foundation. For 16 out of those 20 countries, the Clinton-led State Department also authorized $151 billion of separate Pentagon-brokered deals. This was an average increase of 143% compared to Bush years.

The increase included authorizations of almost 50,000 items classified as toxicological agents, including chemical agents, biological agents and associated equipment after the State Department did not authorize the export of any of such items to Algeria in the prior year.

One example:

> In the years before Hillary Clinton became secretary of state, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia contributed at least $10 million to the Clinton Foundation, the philanthropic enterprise she has overseen with her husband, former president Bill Clinton. Just two months before the deal was finalized, Boeing -- the defense contractor that manufactures one of the fighter jets the Saudis were especially keen to acquire, the F-15 -- contributed $900,000 to the Clinton Foundation, according to a company press release.

###### Sources:

**"Clinton Foundation Donors Got Weapons Deals From Hillary Clinton's State Department"** -- http://www.ibtimes.com/clinton-foundation-donors-got-weapons-deals-hillary-clintons-state-department-1934187

**"Clinton State Department approved U.S. weapons shipment to Libya despite ban"** -- http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2015/oct/20/hillary-clinton-state-department-approved-us-weapo/?page=all

**"The cash donations Hillary simply has no answer for"** --
http://www.salon.com/2015/05/31/the_cash_donations_hillary_simply_has_no_answer_for_partner/

# Increased access to Secretary of State

The donors to the Clinton Foundation directly influenced the decisions of the Secretary of State. Some private groups or citizens donated to the Foundation to lobby for their interests. The Secretary of State started an internal investigation and subpoenaed the Clinton Foundation in 2015.

Here are some examples:

1.

> A consortium of American defense contractors led by Boeing would deliver $29 billion worth of advanced fighter jets to the United States' oil-rich ally in the Middle East. In late 2011, **Hillary Clintons State Department was formally clearing the sale**, asserting that it was in the national interest.
> In the years before Hillary Clinton became secretary of state, **the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia contributed at least $10 million to the Clinton Foundation**. Just two months before the deal was finalized, Boeing contributed $900,000 to the Clinton Foundation, according to a company press release.

2.

> Thousands of emails made public by the State Department between May of last year and Friday indicate **donors to the Clinton Foundation were often given personal meetings, generous contracts or special consideration** that was seemingly not afforded to the same number of private groups that had not written checks to the charity.

3.

> Blackstone Group: **Clinton seemingly helped a major corporate donor secure a visa** from the State Department during her first year in office.

4.

> In the same email from September 2009, **Clinton asked her aide to help another corporate donor, Honeywell, with some export regulations** that were hampering Honeywell's bottom line.

5.

> **Merck has donated between $250,000 and $500,000 to the Clinton Foundation**. Four months after her meeting with Frazier, Clinton received a pair of press clippings highlighting the **State Department's new, multimillion dollar global health partnership with Merck**.

6.

> Greif Inc.: The company, a packaging products firm, has **donated between $100,000 and $250,000 to the Clinton Foundation** and committed more than $3 million to projects through the Clinton Global Initiative. **"I encouraged this," wrote Clinton aide Caitlin Klevorick** of the proposed meeting.

7.

> According to a new batch of emails released from the State Department, **billionaire activist and Clinton Foundation donor George Soros was impressed with the level of access he was given to the former Secretary of State**, saying he could always meet with her or give her a call to discuss policy issues.

###### Sources:

**"Judicial Watch: New Clinton Documents Raise Questions on Benghazi, Clinton Foundation"** -- http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/nine-times-clinton-foundation-donors-got-special-access-at-state/article/2580451

**"Clinton Foundation donors got State Dept. access: Watchdog"** -- http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/jan/11/clinton-foundation-donors-got-state-dept-access/

**"Report: State Dept. watchdog subpoenaed Clinton Foundation docs"** -- http://www.msnbc.com/msnbc/report-state-dept-watchdog-subpoenaed-clinton-foundation-docs

Note that the source for this information is Hillary Clinton emails, which were made public through FOIA requests after the court authorized discovery on her non-government server 'clintonemail.com'. The direct links to the emails are found in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/4j8n9e/clinton_foundation_rejects_allegations_it_aided/d34xke7). 

# Relationship with Mainstream Media

Finally, there are strong ties between the Foundation donors and media organizations:

###### List of news media organizations that have donated to the Clinton Foundation, as of May 2015

* *$1,000,000-$5,000,000*

    **Carlos Slim**, Chairman & CEO of Telmex, largest New York Times shareholder,
    **James Murdoch**, Chief Operating Officer of 21st Century Fox,
    **Newsmax Media**, Florida-based conservative media network,
    **Thomson Reuters**, Owner of the Reuters news service

* *$500,000-$1,000,000*

    **Google**,
    **News Corporation Foundation**, Philanthropic arm of former Fox News parent company

* *$250,000-$500,000*

    **Houghton Mifflin Harcourt**, Publisher,
    **Richard Mellon Scaife**, Owner of Pittsburgh Tribune-Review

* *$100,000-$250,000*

    **Abigail Disney**, Documentary filmmaker,
    **Bloomberg Philanthropies**,
    **Howard Stringer**, Former CBS, CBS News and Sony executive,
    **Intermountain West Communications Company**, Local television affiliate owner

###### Source:
http://www.politico.com/blogs/media/2015/05/clinton-foundation-donors-include-dozens-of-media-organizations-individuals-207228
We did it Reddit! 

Reddit sure does have the best investigators. Not like the FBI, those dummies.
OP be very careful. This is the sort of thing that makes people go "missing". Please take care. 
Truly scary stuff.  American democracy has been hijacked.
Please be careful! This can get pretty dirty. I wish you guys luck!!!
Bernie supporters, it is an honor to work alongside you as we try to slay the corruption and unthinking march into global corporatism. /pol/ has done a lot of work in this area, too.

They represent our secret weapon: weaponized autism.
Please spread this across subs and social media 
Oh good, an in-depth investigation from a devoted conspiracy theorist who posts about the dangers of the New World Order taking over the globe.

You guys should really check post history before upvoting someone this much... you're starting to look sillier and sillier.
I hate how this whole sub is now just the anti-Hillary subreddit.
Don't get killed. Stay safe and update, we don't need more good people to be silenced.
Isn't this kind of concerning that a big donor of Clinton is Saudis and Cosby. Where Saudi Arabia has the most archaic laws for women?

Also maybe Clinton bribed the attorney general a promise when she is elected to have her job kept? Who knows maybe the FBI is building a bigger case against both of them. This has to be the most scandalous year am I right?
be careful who you fuck with.
The fbi director indirectly confirmed there's a investigation on the clinton foundation at the hearing when he said he couldn't give away information about an investigation related to the clinton foundation 
$6 billion?  What they heck are they doing with all that money?  I don't think that the Clinton air force burns that much fuel...
You da real MVP
The Clintons are evil. 
bill cosby is a donor?

i wonder what dirt Hillary got on him
This just in...Hillary Clinton just announced she will change her last name to Lannister. /s

I swear to god, at least then she could change her campaign music to the "Rains of Castamere" and we'd all find some humor every time we read about her latest shenanigans. 

Totally not looking forward to the day some secret service agent shows up at my house "The Lannister's send their regards". 

Speaking of which, there's a knock at my door. Some guys in black suits wearing sunglasses and earwigs.
What are the Hatch Act violations? None of the things in your bullet points seem to deal with federal officials:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hatch_Act_of_1939

> The Hatch Act of 1939, officially An Act to Prevent Pernicious Political Activities, is a United States federal law whose main provision prohibits employees in the executive branch of the federal government, except the president, vice-president, and certain designated high-level officials of that branch, from engaging in some forms of political activity. The law was named for Senator Carl Hatch of New Mexico. It was most recently amended in 2012.



Your awesome for doing this guys :)
Am I missing something here? You can't really control who donates to you so why should we use that as evidence that she's done something wrong?
Dang. I admire what you're doing, but RIP OP and wife. 
All legit, but the 10% figure. Modern charitable organizations are run like hedge funds. They're meant to be perpetually sustaining instead of just emptying the coffers.
You know what happens when people investigate the Clintons right? 
All that shit you think you've found out, has been said by Hannity for more then a year. Hey but congrats, no one ever really listens to right wing conservatives they are the devils am I right. 
But I was told by the major media outlets that we are just picking on Killary and it's all a vaaaaaasssstttt right wing conspiracy.
Are you lawyers, or do you have any sort of legitimacy at all to be making these kinds of statements?  You just link to a message board from an illegitimate site, and make crazy accusations, some of which are irrelevant with respect to whatever point you are trying to make ("Bill Cosby is a donor" - so fucking what?). The fact you think you found something that nobody else has should make you think. 
The Donald trump campaign and Republicans everywhere thank you for your effort. 

The reward for your efforts is decades for conservative supreme Court. Thank you for being the defenders of the progressive movement Bernie bros. Surely helping getting trump elected will shift the country over to the left. 
At this point what can be done? Whats the effect of a Bernie nonendorsement? If HRC looses this time whats to prevent the corruption in the DNC from just moving right along? Can we honestly say this damage to the credibility of the DNC is irreparable?
So where do we go from here? Where do I go as an American citizen to get this investigated? What can we do to bring this to justice?
they even made an idiot the republican nominee to force ppl to vote for her ..............
Volunteer investors don't sound biased at all.  
  
Not that I disagree with what you're doing, but rather there is a strong bias in it.
H3H3 productions please make a video!!
I'm missing something in some of the arguments being made here. Legally, yes, I understand and agree with the "you only get one shot" at the Clintons argument and so you don't waste it on the email server since a slap on the wrist is the best you could do there.

That said, why would Democratic Party elites risk the extreme embarrassment and political turmoil that would result from impeaching, indicting and sentencing a sitting Democratic President? Unless they're convinced it never gets to that point.
The executive branch is endorsing Hillary. Why would they want to investigate to harm that?

They wouldn't.
[Chrome said the scam.com site is deceptive when i clicked the second link](http://i.imgur.com/B76BcgU.png). No issues on first link though.
Check the wiki leaks DNC donation sheets maybe you can find something to cross reference with the Clinton Foundation. 

* [ID 22455](https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/22455) 2003-2008 PAC funding summary in the [attached file](https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails//fileid/22455/9857)

* [ID 22398](https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/22398) 2003-2016 PAC funding summary in the [attached file](https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails//fileid/22398/9839)

So much freedom going around in the US!

Especially in how to rig elections! 
Good work and many thanks but don't count on the FBI. 
[removed]
If you are too stupid to realize that giving money to other charities isn't the only charitable thing a charity can do I think your conclusions about the law are likely to be suspect.
Google Chrome flags your link as a malicious phishing website. =/
Where can I find sources on the Saudis making up 20% of her presidential campaign donations? 
I think the problem with HRC scandals is similar to the issues the NSA faces by collecting all metadata. There's just so much info out there that people miss shit. With the scandals there's just so many of them, and so much info now on all of them due to tons of investigations that some people don't know where to look, and other people just can't imagine that any of it is true. Personally, I hope her illness a few years back comes back to hit her and we all find out its because she's been living with HIV, contracted through Bill, and it turns into AIDS. 
This is great work. I hope you have a safety plan or an option for going into hiding. These are powerful people that live without the rule of law and they will not abide while people attempt to bring them down.  I'm not trying to be alarmist or paranoid. If your findings are actionable they will do their best to bury the evidence and anybody that found it. 
Ok, ok.  She's corrupt and she lies.  But to not vote for her increases the chance of Trump being president.  Someone who denies climate change, would remove ObamaCare, end abortions, the epa, and even possibly deport Americans.   These are the important issues.  Comparatively, I don't give a shit about email servers, shady real estate, or even money in politics.
That's amazing work, and a very honest question (I'm not trying to bait), to what end? Is it expected that anything will come of this after they've proven to be above the law? I'm a foreigner and I'm a massive Bernie fan, but at this point they may as well just say "so what? Who's gonna stop us" and that's a good point right? Really, what can be done about it?
This makes me sick. 
Hey don't go against Bernie's wishes he endorsed her after all.
A charity receiving money from foreign leaders is illegal how? or even unethical?
You may want to be careful.  Clintons track record doesn't look fondly on people out to get them.
Congratulations.  You spent a whole lot of time discovering things that are inconsequential in a broken political system.  



What does this have to do with working to elect Bernie Sanders?
The irony of all this to me is Trump is far more likely to go to prison for fraud....because he actually committed fraud and was blatantly stupid about it.  Clinton is much more difficult to prosecute. 
send anything you find everywhere, get it to the fbi, get it to trump, get it everywhere.
[removed]
Holy fucking shit! 6k upvotes! I'm a Trump supporter and I hope you all the best! You're wonderful people!
I read this subreddit, the hillary one, and the donald one.

I don't know how you people live with this. Of everyones campaigns you guys made the biggest sacrifice per person. All the grassroots and honesty that was leading into Sanders just for this. It just must really suck, I feel really bad not gonna lie about it.

If you supported sanders this election, you got fucked.
is this legit?
Thank you for speaking up on behalf of strangers.  

"All people in the world are thus capable because all people in the world are capable of reason.  All men are capable of reason. That is the fundamental principle of democracy. Because everybody's mind is capable of true knowledge, you don't have to have a special authority, or a special revelation telling you that this is the way things should be."
Without resorting to any conspiracies or "she's an evil genius" rhetoric, why am I not seeing anything about this on MSNBC? I know the channel leans left, but even they would be reporting if these leaks were that explosive. I threw on FOX News to see what the right was reporting, and even Brit Hume is saying Hillary would've won fair and square. So, is this one of those things that Reddit goes crazy over that will have no impact on the population overall? Or does it just need more time to gain traction? And, even if it does gain said traction, will it really change anything? These are all serious questions. 
We're hiring! Who's in??
"Even Bill Cosby is a donor" surely?

Sorry, but poor grammar is a concern. It is the hallmark of conspiracy theorists. I do believe you, but not totally.
So what is your end game here, no sanders or Clinton, who does that leave us with
Lets say there is an investigation. As president cant the Clintons just fire Comey and everyone else involved?
Look into any ADA violations as well, @OP.  I'm sure while Hillary was at the State Department, there were plenty.
It's just starting to get all too scary, man. 
Glad you found a new hopeless cause to get behind! There is already enough evidence we don't need more. We need a legal system that has actual consequences for breaking the law. 
[removed]
Nice 
I actually saw this video all about the California Primary about how the people how people who were working at the polls had no idea what they were doing as well as being told the majority of unregistered voters had to use these absentee ballots which apparently were never going to be counted.  Which no surprise were pretty much all votes for Bernie.  This whole thing I feel was rigged.  Anyway here is the link for that video.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5ugmNoanx8
>Of the $6 Billion donated so far, less than 10% went to any charity.

1. Holy fuck, her campaign received $6 billion? That's probably the single most corrupt fact I have heard.

2. Even 5% of 6 billion is 300 million, so...
Holy shit. This needs to be everywhere.
Please remove the remark "Bill Cosby is even a donor" from your documentation.  This is an unnecessary distraction from cold-hard facts.  It belittles your findings.
See if you can find out why 70 Gulfstreams were at Sun Valley, Idaho recently, two or three weeks before the Republican Convention started.  

You don't see Gulfstreams like that amassed even at high dollar or high profile events. That's a shit ton of the most expensive jets on the planet. 

 My guess is that the Masters of the Universe came together to decide by how many percentage points Hillary will win the General, what will publicly be in the platform, and what will really happen behind closed doors during her administration. 

But hey, maybe they all just wanted to go skiing...in July.  I'm pretty sure. 
Why is this info on this sub? Is this the anti-Clinton sub, or the pro-sanders sub? 
I'd stay away from back alleys and subways, might wanna watch "house of cards" just so you can understand the kind of people your dealing with

this is great stuff btw
I feel this post will soon be wiped 
I feel sorry for the Americans having to choose between Clinton and Trump... like choosing between Gonorrhea or Syphilis[...](http://mrwgifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/Robert-Downey-Jr.-Survive-Quote-Gif-In-Tropic-Thunder.gif)
Since we know 100% now that the Saudis funded the 9/11 terrorists. Doesn't this basically mean that Hillary is funded by terrorists. 
It's insane how the legal system works in America. There is no true rule of law, unless we are just going to accept that rich people and poor people should be treated with different laws. Then we should just start bowing to the totaliarchy and say fuck freedom because it doesn't truly exist and neither does a democracy here. There are people who are political scholars that say we are now living in an oligarchy. But with all the abuse from police, we should start considering that this is also a police state. Especially now that the police have military grade equipment and killer robots.
Please be careful investigating this. Best of wishes to you and thank you for all that you do. I hope these assholes get what they deserve sooner or later. 
[deleted]
How is he endorsing her? How is he not running as an independent as our ONLY hope vs president trump? 
If you took out the bullet about Bill Cosby, your short summary would be much more convincing/professional. The random Bill Cosby bit in there is so out of place and feels like a random smear attempt. Maybe I'm mistaken, but I don't think it's common practice to reject donors, in which case some high profile celebrity rapist like Cosby donating has 0 relevance to the shadiness of the foundation, whereas the other points are very interesting.
This makes me want to cry. Seriously. I'm a grown ass man and I want to fucking cry when I read this. That things are that crooked. 
OP, holy shit. I'd be hiding if I were you.
A third party, asked by no one going on what can only be considered a political quest to bring down a politician because they don't like her. If there is a better definition of a witch-hunt I'm not sure what it is. And now cue the comments calling Hillary Clinton a witch.
The Clintons are scum. We maybe be from different political parties but i think we all can agree that Clinton needs to be stopped. We've been trying to bring charges against her for years because we've known she's a bad, crooked, corrupt, dirty, the whole nine yards. 
>The Saudis are funding 20% of Hillary's current presidential campaign.

This means that we all pay more for gas, in exchange for enriching the Clinton family personally.

>Four foreign leaders have contributed over $100 million  

This means that way pay more for our imports, through trade deals that benefit foreign nations greater than us..  in exchange for enriching the Clinton Family personally.


>Bill Cosby is even a donor

This means that they have no moral compass, nor care about issues they use to get votes when speaking to the public, while enriching the Clinton Family personally. 

>Of the $6 Billion donated so far, less than 10% went to any charity.

This means they shun the poor, in order to enrich the Clinton Family personally.

>Multi-millionaires and Wall Street banksters launder black money at the Clinton Foundation.

This means that they participate in wall street corruption at the highest level, in order to enrich their own family personally.
I get it she's bad, but this shit will make trump the prez. Bernie's road is over :/ 
Bill Cosby is even a donor.
________________

Rapists named Bill always stick together.  (Unwritten rule)


Are you telling me Detective Sanders didn't ride his mystery machine right into the middle of that investigation per his job description?
So how can we all spread this awareness? I think ima print things out and post them all over. 
You need to send this to Wikileaks. This could be big if sent through the right channels. 
sweet
This sub brought to you by the good people of Reynolds Aluminum 
[deleted]
Yes.  Here's the deal.  So many people are focused on voting for Hilary to spite Trump that they are missing what's in front of their own faces.  Trump may be terrible, but Trump is upfront.  Hilary is sneaky.  Nobody really knows what she is up to.  Hell she may already have the election rigged? The votes may not even matter. 
So obvious you work for trump
You're probably all Russian Hackers. #StillWithHer
Having Cosby as a donor is distasteful, but I don't believe it's illegal. Now, if I donated to Mrs Clinton's campaign, that would be illegal, as I'm Dutch.
holy fuckin crap at this point how far down the rabbit hole are we going.  The Clintons are literally traitors of the USA at this point.  I am a sad person right now.
Well here's hoping you're right. But I think we can all agree that getting any kind of meaningful prosecution off the ground will be difficult as November comes closer. 

Also...I'm getting that book Clinton Cash. Would it be ironic if I downloaded it illegally, or just appropriate?
Keep it up!

Don't let bernie go down without out a fight!
Remember the best most shocking changes in history came from last minute changes!
Thanks for the heads up. I... Really appreciate hearing this from someone on the floor. Keep fighting the good fight friend.
Thanks for all your hard work and keep us updated!
Good luck! Start the revolution!
Awesome! You at the TPP workshop?? Hello from the Wisconsin delegation! 
Thanks for your dedication, and good luck out there! Looking forward to hearing about this petition.
Will you tell us what the contents were after all is said and done? I'm curious.
Thank you! I just wrote super delegates again today. 

I can not wait to hear what the doc sanders asked you to sign today was. I'm rooting for you!!

MIRACLE ON PENN AVE! 
We love you. Stay safe!

[Remember](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CoOBxDbUMAEpPQQ.jpg:large)
Thanks, Alex, Keep fighting for us!
I fucking love you so much right now, dude.  Thank you so much for representing us.  
> Secondly, the Sanders delegation was passed around a petition today straight from Bernie himself. I won't say what the contents are just yet. But if it gets enough signatures, I'm SURE you will hear about it. I'm not sure what Bernie is planning, but it's big.

Any update on this, or still too early to tell?
Really?  Cause they are saying Bernie is releasing his delegates to Hillary tomorrow...
10 eastern
[deleted]
2 hours from now
Will any of this be used to help Hillary?
Yeap. He is a real fighter that one.
Just got this email from Bernie's campaign:

>Our campaign has always been about a grassroots movement of Americans standing up and saying: "Enough is enough. This country and our government belong to all of us, not just a handful of billionaires."

>I just finished speaking at the Democratic National Convention, where I addressed the historic nature of our grassroots movement and what's next for our political revolution.

>I hope that I made you proud. I know that Jane and I are very proud of you.

>**Our work will continue in the form of a new group called Our Revolution.** The goal of this organization will be no different from the goal of our campaign: we must transform American politics to make our political and economic systems once again responsive to the needs of working families.

>**We cannot do this alone. All of us must be a part of Our Revolution.**

>[Join Our Revolution and help continue our critical work to create a government which represents all of us, and not just the 1 percent  a government based on the principles of economic, social, racial and environmental justice. Add your name here.](https://ourrevolution.com/)

>When we started this campaign a little more than a year ago, the media and the political establishment considered us to be a "fringe" campaign. Well, we're not fringe anymore.

>Thanks to your tireless work and generous contributions, we won 23 primaries and caucuses with more than 13 million votes, all of which led to the 1900 delegates we have on the floor this week at the Democratic convention.

>What we have done together is absolutely unprecedented, but there is so much more to do. It starts with defeating Donald Trump in November, and then continuing to fight for every single one of our issues in order to transform America.

>We are going to fight to make sure that the most progressive platform in the history of the Democratic Party becomes law. This means working for a $15 federal minimum wage, fighting for a national fracking ban, and so many more progressive priorities.

>The political revolution needs you in order to make all this happen and more.

>[Add your name to say that you will join Our Revolution and be part of the fight for our progressive vision for America.](https://ourrevolution.com/)

>Thank you for being a part of the continued political revolution.

>In solidarity,

>Bernie Sanders
rip other thread. /u/Vermonty_Python posted this already and deleted it within twenty minutes.
guys, get mad... those donations are going to hillary. sorry.
No.  
[removed]
I am still very pissed about the treatment given to Bernie and all of us, but just being pissed isn't going to change things. So f them! I gave $27 - it was worth it just to hear him speak tonight. Our Revolution may not be happening exactly the way we want it, and certainly not as fast as we want it, but it is happening! But it will only continue if we want it to, and if we support it - I do on both counts.
Did you get a refund?
I don't think I'll sign up, and I was a major, major Bernie supporter.  My concern is that I don't want to build up a movement that could then periodically be used to help candidates like Hillary win.  I think what this election season proves, is that, if you like ideas like Bernie's, you're probably going to have to go third-party.  I don't think that, in my lifetime, we'll ever again have a chance to shift the Democratic Party that much to the left, like we had this election season.  But those in power made sure it wouldn't happen, didn't they?  What makes anyone think those same powers are going to let Bernie and his supporters change the party from the ground up?  Won't they just, at some point, block Bernie and his supporters again, just like Bernie was blocked (with unfairness) this election?  Bernie will probably always be a hero to me, because he pulled back the curtain on why things aren't as good for most Americans as they probably could be.  But I disagree with this strategy of trying to get his ideas done through Hillary.  I wish he would send out an email and explain how he can be sure that these ideas are going to be anything more than words of the platform.  I mean, people have openly talked about Hillary moving to the right for November's election, her policies seemed to shift somewhat during just the primary season, and I didn't find Hillary believable when it would appear during the primary season that she was trying to sound like Bernie with respect to ideas.  And then there's the unfair treatment throughout the primary season, now confirmed even more strongly by the recent news reports.

Now, one can get a pretty good idea of whether one can trust someone else, and what they really think about one, I've found, by that someone's behavior and what they say about one when they don't think that one will ever hear what they are saying.  So I think, after all these news reports, and what we Bernie supporters experienced during the primary season, that we have a pretty good idea of the lack of respect that mainstream Democrats have for Bernie and his supporters.  Now I think Bernie is probably smarter than me, and certainly knows more about politics than I do.  So, I don't understand, in light of the above, why would he expect that simply getting these things added to the platform is likely to end up being any more than just words.

Plus, there is just the unacceptability of that the primary season was unfair.  To me, no one should go into that territory.  So, why in the world help the Democratic Party now?  It would have been better, even if Bernie had just run third-party and caused the politically incorrect guy to get elected.  It would have taught the Democratic Party a lesson.

I saw a little bit of the Democratic Convention tonight, besides Bernie's speech.  Here we have all these mainstream Democrats, who seem like nice, sincere, smart people that care about the issues, and they go on about how their party is so much better than the Republicans.  How can these smart, thoughtful people say all that, and endorse Hillary, and seemingly not care the least about if the primary season was fair?  They shouldn't just say they care about progressive issues, they should stand up when something's not right and say something about what's not right, and not just go along as if whatever it is never happened.

I watched the Democratic Convention on Fox News, and I watched an interview with Trump on one of their shows afterward.  Normally, I can't enjoy watching much Fox News, because their views are so different from mine, but they did a pretty good job covering the most recent news reports about the unfairness to Bernie.  Trump did a good job commenting too.  Now I wouldn't be the least bit surprised if they only care about winning Bernie supporter votes, but at least they bothered to really report on it seriously, like it deserves, and didn't try to ignore it or pretend it's not a big deal, like the Democratic Party seems to do.  Even if it was just to help his campaign, I like that Trump did that.

I'm so disappointed.  I think I've gotta go third-party again after my big protest votes in favor of the top competition of mainstream Democrats this election season.  I don't have any faith anymore that either major party can be fixed.  I just wish that I could understand Bernie's strategy.  I think he's an honest, smart guy.  Why would he think mainstream Democrats are going to do much with his ideas?  I mean, why would they all care so much about Hillary winning, if she were going to mainly use Bernie ideas anyway?  I can't understand why it would be worth setting aside concerns about the primary season unfairness, which I think is a HUGE problem.

I also think he would have gotten more support for the movement going forward, if he had NOT endorsed Hillary, refused to help the Democrats, and even challenged them on the unfairness of the primary season, even if it caused the politically incorrect guy to win.  I mean, I at least have a minimum required level of progressiveness that I want to support, and Hillary simply is not progressive enough to get my vote.  Sorry to write so much, but I'm just really lost on these issues, after Bernie's convention speech tonight.  I was really hoping that he would have more for us than continuing his support for Hillary.



Donated! The revolution was never about Bernie, Hillary, or Trump. Bernie will help us craft a new political party that truly fights for everyday Americans and pushes progressive values. 
Is this real or satire?
Wait, what about a mermaid?!  This brings clickbait to a whole new level lol....

> You won't believe which of your favorite celebrities is a werewolf!  Click here to find out who!
You know 2/3rd of them were assassinated and their movements died with them, right?
Let me tell you about a political revolution. It was called the Revolutionary War.
Analysis and interview starts around 13 mins.
She's apparently apologised to the Sanders campaign already. Probably because there'll be a lot worse coming out in subsequent leaks.
She is so conflicted. She is also a media analyst. The revolving doors are spinning off their hinges.
[removed]
Not surprised 
Leave 

The

Democrat

Party
> "Sent from Donna's I Pad"

"Sent from my iPad" is the default signature. If you dont change anything, thats what youll get. But she changed it, on purpose, presumably, to include her name and a misspelling of the word iPad. On purpose. 

The fuck?
> I Pad
I said it before and i'll say it again. DWS will be the fall guy, despite it being a more serious systemic issue. This whole primary is basically null and void.
Donna Brazile is not much better than DWS and has a long history of dirty tactics with no remorse. She was forced to resign from the Dukakis campaign in 1988 for lies about Bush the First. 

Her on-air comment to CNN about the DNCLeak: "This is a cautionary tale to everybody.  Hello, goodbye, that's it.  Stop emailing.  Pick up the phone."

Not stop being unethical ... just stop putting it in writing. Maybe the next batch of emails will have them playing musical chairs again. 
DNC so smart they gave the job to someone just like DWS. More of the same.
.... Annnnnd she's gone. 
https://mobile.twitter.com/wikileaks/status/757369719771033600
At least they can bother to check the dumps and select the one who is not in them. How stupid can one be?
More corruption she is in the emails as well. We need to fire everyone involved and get Clinton to resign.
Donna Brazille was a big defender of the Clintons back in the 90s. Expecting her to be "fair and balanced" when Clintons are involved is ridiculous. We need impartial people; unfortunately, the way the Clintons have stuffed every position with their bootlickers, it'll be hard to do.

Original Link
https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/11703
Wow. 
Lets see how many people we can force to resign. Come on wikileaks, give us a reason.
Isn't this the same person that somehow managed to lose to G.W Bush as campaign director of Al Gore in 2000? 
Meet the new boss... same as the old boss.
Using the phrase "cuss out" makes her sound really trashy, cultureless, and uneducated.

"Cuss out" is what a shitty Walmart shopper does to the cashier who won't take her expired coupon for bargain brand Cheeze-Whiz.

She couldn't even manage to step up to the word "curse?"
This isn't surprising in the least - we've known which candidate she supported for a long time - but at least she knew she couldn't wade into it because she knew she would be partial. I don't see this particular email as that damning (especially compared to others).
Also this one on May 6

DB: It's been a while, but I am back to doing Sunday shows.
LM: Sanders is going to hit us on platform drafting subcommitteewill send you points.

https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/10617


This will be front page news by tmrw. Just wait until Fox news gets there hands on this.

I can't believe Hillary thinks the Bernie camp are just blind sheep.
Ugh.
It's not even the only email that exposes her corruption against Bernie.

http://imgur.com/gallery/VzEGF
I am not surprised Donna said those things. Finding an honest politician is like finding a needle in a haystack. I am glad all of these assholes are being exposed for the dirty, corrupt individuals that they are. I really hoped DWS loses to Tim Canova!
And to think... I was once scolded by this very sub's mods for hoping this woman choked on a biscuit.
The fact that her email signature says "sent by **I Pad**" really bugs me.
https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/9957

Is there any doubt that this woman was a Clinton surrogate?
Brazile is out now - taking her place is:

'Rep. Marcia Fudge (D-OH), a former mayor and a lawyer.... [who] urged Bernie Sanders to step aside, questioning whether he was a real Democrat...

http://heavy.com/news/2016/07/marcia-fudge-bernie-sanders-rep-ohio-dnc-debbie-wasserman-schultz-family-democratic-national-convention-trump-bigot-ferguson-police-guns/
A galaxy s4 in 2016? Someone needs to think about these poor politicians. 
Meet the new chair, same as the old chair
Can't trust'em. 
CNN continued to say she was going to be the new DNC chair even after she had been replaced. There is some confusion tho about whether she is actually replacing brazile after the convention.  Btw this is who is replacing her and note how bias she is against sanders. http://heavy.com/news/2016/07/marcia-fudge-bernie-sanders-rep-ohio-dnc-debbie-wasserman-schultz-family-democratic-national-convention-trump-bigot-ferguson-police-guns/
Ditch Dems & make the switch 
I wonder if they'll assign yet another person. (I really hope so)
I get it that she's a vice chair, but if Donna Brazile was half as smart a political operative as she seems, she shouldn't have gone anywhere near being named interim chair for what's about to happen.
Does anyone know what and who the Hillary leaks implicate, or could at least give me a link to where I could find out more about them?
[Hope you have better luck than I did.](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4uf57e/new_dnc_interim_chair_in_leaked_emails_i_will/d5p6nlp?context=3)
I find it odd that we value privacy so much but seem to love it when we get to read people's private emails we don't think we agree with.   I have a feeling you could make anyone seem like a monster if you combed through enough of their private email.  I am conflicted by all this.
Charming woman, I'm sure 
They hate Bernie just as much as they hate Trump.
Ugh. Who's using and S4 in 2015?
Whoops. On to the next chair.
It's like they WANT to lose.
No DNC operative could be welcoming of Bernie's message.
Yep Brazile also LIED ON TV about donating to both camps earlier in the year. She never made the filings for the Bernie Sanders camp.
Donna Brazile interviews by Anderson Cooper today.  Stated that she had also sent the same email to Sander's camp.  Cooper asked her twice if she had sent same email to Sander's camp and she said, "YES".
I kept hearing that one more batch is supposed to be released today. Is that true?
There's an email about O'Malley complaining that he didn't get equal time in a debate. Luis Miranda (DNC Communication Director) responds with "Hilarious. What a joke that guy is." It's not clear if he's referring to O'Malley or the journalist but gross and clearly biased either way.

https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/13711
Bernie knew all along. He just couldn't say anything without proof. Otherwise the media would blast him for "biased accusations" and paint him as a "conspiracy theorist."

The powers that be have done a great job of painting a huge negative tone to people presenting possibly conspiracy theories. Even though a lot of them could be true.
Martin O'Malley is a good man, and was a great candidate. Would take him over Hillary any day.

EDIT: Apparently he was a terrible governor in Maryland.
Any other Marylanders thanking their lucky stars that Bernie, and not O'Malley, was the one who ended up being relevant?
And just think how naively we all gathered around those real time results feeds watching the numbers trickle in, enthusiastically believing we were watching a fair and democratic contest. 
I'd have thought that after Sanders endorsed Hillary, this sub would become r/HillaryForPresident where every anti-Clinton post would get the axe. I'm pleasantly surprised. Cheers to the mods for keeping it this way.
I think we can all agree, Trump winning the RNC has been an excellent demonstration of how the DNC has absolutely created a system which allows them to fully manipulate their results despite their being widespread appetite for non-traditional candidate. The RNC tried to control the masses, but failed. I'm hopeful that there will be a changing of the guard in both parties and real progress can be made. 
Repost

DNC member killing horses for insurance money. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/578

DNC making fun of black womans name. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/17942

DNC telling each other, "I love you too. no homo." https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/425

DNC requesting a pull an MSNBC commentary segment. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/6107

DNC controlling the narrative with time released stories. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/12450

DNC conspiring to create false Trump information and release with Reuters. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7102

DNC Hillary supporters infiltrated Sanders campaign. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/4776

DNC members going to complain to Morning Joe producers about his mentioning of a "rigged system." https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/8806

DNC discussing their relationship with NBC/MSNBC/CNN and how to get better treatment. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/13762

Super PAC paying young voters to push back online Sanders supporters. Paid shills. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/8351

DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz having an off the record meeting in MSNBC President Phil Griffin's office. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/8867

DNC being messed with by the Washington Examiner. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/5304

DNC discussing Hillary's policies as unfeasible. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/519

$200k for a private dinner with Hillary. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/17287

Offering to send interns out to fake a protest against the RNC. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/13366

Faking outrage and pasting in a video later. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7102

A mole working inside of the Sanders campaign. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7793

Bringing up Sanders religion to scare the southern voters. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/11508

Possible money laundering by moving money back and forth to bypass legal limits. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/6230

Politico writer sending his stories to the DNC before he sends them to his editor. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/10808

DNC feeding CNN the questions they want to be asked in interviews. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/4077

Creating a fake job ad for a Trump business to paint him as a sexist. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/12803

Hillary funding 2 million dollars in a cooridanted campaign in battleground states to win back the Senate. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7784

DNC is upset that their "allies" didn't send in protestors so they sent out interns. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/13366

"Clinton Foundation quid-pro-quo worries are lingering, will be exploited in general." https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/8351

$50,000 - Lawrence Benenson. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/14700

Daily Fundraising Report for the DNC. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/2875

Content & Social Strategy Discussion. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7512

Re: BuzzFeed and DNC connection. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/10933

Draft linking news articles about trump to use as negative press. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7586

Fwd: State Dinner Countdown. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/1901 Some chick is angry she hasn't been given more stuff from the Obama administration...might be interesting to follow up.

Re: State Dinner Countdown. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/2946

Tim O'Brien: Trump's Fixation on Inflating his Net Worth is a Cause for Concern. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/4496

RE: May Fundraising Numbers. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/5615

https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7720

Hillary for America Raised $26.4 Million in April, Began May with More than $30 Million Cash on Hand. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/13986

Re: For approval: Trump supporter graphics. https://www.wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/788

Press talking points, states Hillary is their candidate, dated May 5, 2016. More of a smoking gun than the ambiguous talk in the emails themselves. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/fileid/5254/2728

Consultant calling megyn kelly a bimbo. Has PDF attached that says the same. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/6087

DNC trying to get away with violating the Hatch Act. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/20148

Democrats using interns to organize fake "protests." https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/13830

RE: Action on DNC tomorrow (Immigration Raids). https://www.wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/9736

Trump's campaign dwarfed by Clinton's https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/1642
Martin o Malley should come back as a Bernie guy.  Most people say he just looks and sounds like a standard politician, and while that's true, would it really matter if he clearly rejected big donors and relied on the people like Bernie did?
Every response to these leaks I've seen/read today from the Democrat party is to ignore what the leaks are saying, and push a theory of Trump/Putin collusion. Looks like the marching orders have been handed down. Who cares *how* it was discovered? If I find a steaming pile of dog shit in my yard, whether I stepped in it or my neighbor pointed it out to me, it's still a steaming pile of dog shit. It doesn't change the fact that its still *shit*.
[Who meeeee?](http://rightwingnews.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/duty.jpg)
Pardon my ignorance, but it seems like there's proof to show that the Democratic voting wasn't fair so should there be any re-votes or a Hillary disqualification?
This whole situation is the reason I have never affiliated with any party. I may only be 29 years old, but I know a corrupt system when I see it. How is it possible that in a "True Democracy" that there are only ever two candidates from the same two parties year in, and year out. Yes, there are many other choices, and we can vote for them, but as long as the corporate media is where most americans get there information from, those parties will never get the recognition they deserve. This year is especially fantastic, because the fear mongering seems to have switched sides. I am expected to vote for a corrupt candidate because I should be scared of the other corrupt candidate. This is never a good enough answer for where my vote should go. Until the current election system is completely overhauled, we will never be a truly democratic nation. The people's vote truly does not matter. I beg everyone to vote based on policies and actions, not based on looks, or fear mongering, and most of all, please....please do not let them continue to stomp all over our rights that so many died to give us. I am so proud to be an American, and even though it feels like my own government is against me, I will continue to try my best to make sense of everything. If everyone stands up for what is right, then together we can actually bring this country back on the right path.
In 2008, we had 26 debates and 8 candidates.  In the end, we had six straight-up debates between Obama and Clinton.

In 2016, we had a much smaller pool.  We had one debate with five candidates, 3 debates with three candidates, and then five matchups between Clinton and Sanders.

What's the big difference there?
I mean this in the best possible way, but aren't both the major US parties just private organisations existing to promote their own goals and agendas?  Why would they support anyone else? It's not on their interests to be fair, and there's no law compelling them to be fair. Isn't that just the way your system is set up?
I understand that alternative candidates need to make use of the political apparatus that exist, and that it must be frustrating when these apparatuses turn out to favour their own candidates and not the one you like, but why would you expect them to be balanced? It makes no sense to me. The republican and democratic parties are private, not government, institutions, and have no obligations to be fair. If you want change, you need to alter those systems first.
Feeling like I voted and donated to the wrong candidate this morning :(  would like MOM to address the DNCleak. 
Called it when the race first started. Been rigged since day one. But I also wouldn't be too quick to believe Bernie wasn't compliant with it.
The only way Clinton could have won the popular vote is through rigged, fraudulent elections. These election results are one of the many testaments to how truly powerful her reach through her connections are.

Bernie Sanders would have won the popular vote if the elections weren't rigged and fraudulent and this country would be in a different place at this point and Trump would be even more of a non-entity


Message to Bernie: Please rescind your endorsement, ask Martin O'Mallley to be VP (or E. Warren) and re-launch campaign from the floor of the convention. 
/r/StillSandersForPres
If Trump wins and shits everything apart, a Bernie ticket would be highly attractive for 2020.  If Hillary wins, nothing will change till 2024.  
I can't help but see any vote for an establishment Dem this season as anything but a vote for corruption. I mean, seriously, it's literally sending the message that you can be as corrupt as you want to be and we'll keep voting for you anyways. 
it makes you wonder how the fuck did Donald Trump beat the establishment
The damage is done......thank you Hillary.
I would love O'Malley to run again. I really would've liked him to do better this cycle, but there was just no room for him with clinton to the right and Bernie to the left. Definite possible progressive choice in the future. His green plan in particular seemed pretty good.
The national review on S4P. What a time to be alive!
As a Baltimorian fuck O'Malley 
Sanders/O'Malley 2016
In a different reality O'Malley would've been a standout candidate.  He's got the charisma, he's almost always on topic and nails the talking point; he's basically what, if you would've asked me a decade ago, a prime presidential candidate would look like.

But this is not that reality; if you aren't crooked af or willing to fear monger then there is no place for you at the top.  Crazy times indeed.
Is there anything that can be done to the DNC legally? 
Shit like this is what you'd expect in third world countries, yet those countries are actually making progress and avoiding shit like this.

'murica!
ban me pls
Eh what are you gonna do, what's done is done. - HC 
Martin who?
MoM knows best.
if it's really rigged then why don't we just start over? Nobody wants donald or hillary.
I find it so hilarious that Sanders supporters, who bitched constantly about bias in the news media, are upvoting the National Fucking Review. You guys aren't against bias, you are against opinions that you don't agree with. I doubt no one on this sub reddit would have bitched about CNN if they were totally in Bernie's camp. The National Review is a classic conservative publication, and it has been since William F. Buckley (Buckley, among the most influential conservatives, not that most millennials would even know that) founded it in 1955. It constantly shits on liberals and preaches conservatism. I'd bet almost anything that any other article in their magazine or online publication you guys would disagree with. Here's a good one for you, liberals. How many of you liberals support LBGT rights? 

Here's a good example of the National Review: http://www.nationalreview.com/379188/laverne-cox-not-woman

Seriously, check what you read, and don't just dogmatically upvote shit because you agree with it. The fact this made the top of this sub and the front page (which is where I found it) speaks volumes about the hypocrisy, ignorance, and shallowness of "progressives." 
[deleted]
Martin O'Malley was a smart guy and by far my favourite candidate. It's too bad the media only wanted to focus on Hillary and Bernie.
He didn't have a chance at winning, but I had never heard of him or the other D running and a few more debates would have at least gotten me up to par with his message.
It's always been rigged - but you don't have to do much when things go the way you want them to.
I don't know why people are so upset. The Democratic Party is just as corrupt as the Republican Party. I'd be more surprised if it didn't happen.
The most valuable contribution Martin O'Malley has made in this election
O'Malley is a good dude, hope to see him again in the future run for Pres. The guy really cares!
I felt he came off best in the debates with criminally short time to speak. 
It's too late but here is the link to the video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ENNTE_JgCCg
Do we have an actual source? I mean I'm sure is from the WikiLeaks leak but they don't even link to it in the article so as far as I'm concerned it's just tabloid garbage.
It did work quite good.


BRO'MALLEY 
of *course* it was rigged. she had all of the super-delegates before the primary even started.     hillary rigged both of em(democrat but also manipulated the republican primaries to choose the candidate they wanted to run against (and rigged the dropping of her criminal charges)). this is her year, no matter what.   

I thought we already knew that.  
Did he ever being said suit against the DNC?
Who's the racist asshole who referred to Hispanics as 'Taco Bowls' in the leaks?
and then he went on and endorsed hillary. 
Damn sorry for never giving a shit about u Martin
 Bernie and O'Malley ticket! All the proof! Make a website with all of it! 
The whole Democrat party is corrupt top to bottom. Stay woke. 
LOL, not one of you people knew a damn thing about Martin O'Malley before he started insulting Hillary. Fun fact: He endorsed Hillary. Also, the fact that you're drudging up one of the nation's most conservative magazines makes you look desperate.
To be honest, I would have voted for O'Malley.
With proof that DWS worked to rig the primary this party has lost my vote.  I hope others will do the same.  If you vote for Hillary you are endorsing these type of actions.  Too bad there aren't more leaks with direct contact to what Hillary asked DWS to do.
Well no shit.  Is anybody surprised by this, or the fact that Bernie turned into a Hillary/DNC shill? Their were some good dem candidates, omalley certainly could've won.
I mean, that accusation is probably made by somebody in every election. 
I hope people realize that Tim Kaine is the same kind of candidate Martin O'Malley is, just because he aligned himself with Hillary doesn't change his past nor his clean background.
We gotta elect Trump to end this corrupt bullshit.
How does limiting debates to 4 debates rig it in Hillary's favor?
Yah but did he have a source? Its 2016 no source, no one listening.
Why aren't the /r/Sandersforpresident and /r/timcanova folks rallying around this news to gain Tim Canova publicity. This is the perfect time to get DWS out of office. 
ELI5: The whole DNC thing and the leak.
[deleted]
Sometimes "I told you so." Is bittersweet. 
Can these people get sued?
[deleted]
The establishment has been against him since  the get go. 
Martin O'Malley 2020 or 2024
Hate to say it but popular vote counts. 
Martin 'lol' O'Malley
[deleted]
I didnt hear about Hillary but it's a safe bet to say Bernie is going to make the plea of all pleas for people to support her. Really, I am embarrassed but I hope it falls on deaf ears. I know we dont like to bash him here, but it is a slap in the fact to demand people stop protesting and support her. 
They want the building to come down on the first day? Could be fun though, in a pissed off way.
That would be madness.
Them appearing together will not placate anyone.  It will just remind everyone how Hillary tarnished an honest man and a man they love at that.  It will just increase their ire.  If this happens, people will just about lynch her.
All hell would break loose if she shows up tonight. The delegates haven't even cast their votes yet. Nobody is ready for any kind of unity. If this happens, it would be a classic case of Hillary being completely tone deaf. 
They want the benefits of unification without paying the cost of compromise.

>https://www.c-span.org/video/?413130-1/bernie-sanders-supporters-hold-news-conference-philadelphia&vod=
Vote Bernie no matter what. And *not* respectfully.
I'm a delegate from Louisiana. Before I left I asked my local Sanders group that voted for me, how they wanted me to vote. 2-1 they all voted to vote Bernie, even if I have to write him in.
Wouldn't that be something if releasing the delegates for party unity backfired? And HRC delegates flipped.... That would be pretty sweet... not likely at all but if 10% of Hillary delegates grew a conscience.
I'm absolutely dumbfounded. Bernie has to know all of his supporters are seething furious! This is absolutely unacceptable. I Refuse to vote for Clinton I don't even care what kinda president compared to Trump she'll be, this is now a Democratic party problem. You DO NOT enable this behavior. I Don't get it. Each day I go back and forth between choosing Trump and choosing Clinton-- CLINTON AND TRUMP ARE BOTH SHIT PEOPLE AND SHIT LEADERS. Grow a Fucking Pair Bernie cause a vast majority of your supporters are going to say to hell with your endorsement. I rather loose in the general election and 4 consecutive years and all the damage after than vote with my conscience for either one of those two people. If you don't do something Sanders, the green party sure as hell isn't gonna make it without a miracle.
    
edit 1: spelling*
In unreasonable times the one who demands unreasonable things is reasonable.

That would require that she actually cares about the American people rather than her own sick narcissistic ambitions.   I mean, if Trump is truly as scary as she claims she would have already stepped down and let Bernie take the reigns.   Honestly I don't think it would have even mattered if the FBI abided by the law and recommended an indictment.   The only way you'll get rid of Hillary is if she's dragged off in handcuffs.   
No shit.

Also, Clinton has paid shills and they will join threads like this.
I just need to hear how Bernie can respond to this....he has to know that for most of even his most loyal supporters this will be the last straw.
Should she? 

Yes.

Will she? 

#LOL
Giving Hilliary the nomination is like letting Lance Armstrong keep all the TdF victories.
I'm sorry to say this, but Hillary having her way regardless of the shit-storm centered on her is one of those things that are pretty much a given, an established fact and part of the narrative already decided upon years ago. 

**I'm not saying we give up and roll over**. I'm saying we need to trust in Bernie doing the right thing *even when it appears he's doing the opposite.* The man is an accomplished politician after all.. he'd know the rules and bylaws better than most of us, and appears to have a sound strategy in mind which has served him well so far in this heavily-loaded campaign. As well, we need to surround him with others of like mind and goals, as we need to tackle this creatively, vigorously and with teamwork with our children's future in mind.

I'm also saying that protesting about it is good, but actually **putting in work towards change is better.** Doing both is best, bearing in mind that each of us can only spend so much time per day/week/month/year doing this. We need to put in time for grassroots work, talking to our friends and families and anyone else willing to listen about the various misdeeds and fuck-ups that's systemically eroding our rights as citizens in a democracy.

He also said to keep our energy up and look at this as a long-term, knock-out, drag-out, shit fight with the ultimate goal being to revamp the whole system such that we the 99% can regain the rights we've lost due to machinations of politicians that answer to the 1%-ers.

Do not lose faith. We have our orders. **The effort to change must be made!** 
Well that's not going to happen.
Shit in one hand, wish in the other
Amen!
##DNC: MISSION ACCOMPLISHED
Haha that hilarious. Thanks for the laugh OP.
They are so arrogant they couldn't even pretend or make it look less suspicious. 'Here take your token firing, we were going to do it anyway, now go back to sleep'.
We should all be asking, "Why would HRC desire to campaign actively with someone who has been so discredited?" Follow the money.
> as President, I will need fighters like Debbie in Congress who are ready on day one to get to work for the American people."

....and to ensure they continue to be pinned beneath soul-crushing debt to corporate loan sharks.
nice! She got a promotion from DNC mole to honorary chair. What a fine example for people to look up to. Step down in shame for violating the rules of your office and be invited to work for Clinton! Because everything is a republican smear campaign or Russian conspiracy! Those damn bears on unicycles are pulling all the strings.
haha wow. no shame at all. can't even put up enough pretense at shame to pull off the "fall guy" routine. amazing.
the pure hubris of these people is astounding. Like they couldnt even let the scandal die and quietly make her chair in a week or two. What low-brow hucksters

The worst is, and shown in the emails, that they are totally mocking and laughing at everyone who isnt them. Just dont have low enough self-esteem to vote for this party ever again. So sad after the high that was Obama in 08.
Bern it all down.
Could there have possibly been a bigger #FUCKYOU than this?
Clinton isn't even trying to hide her " rewards for corruption" Unbelievable!
Looks like meat is back on the menu boys.
This is a slap in the face to Sanders supporters. DWS was forced to resign because of unethical behavior. What does Clinton do? Announce the DWS resignation AND her hiring of DWS in the SAME MESSAGE. I'm never voting for Clinton. FUCK HER.
So the only thing that will change for her is the person who (officially ) signs her check, oh and Ill bet there will be a lot more zeroes in it.
Loser appointment by HRC. Not to mention foolish and downright wrong.
They aren't even hiding it anymore. They are so confident in their status and power that they don't even feel a need to feign shame or regret. And they won't change until we *make* them change.
such infuriating bullshit. I'm beginning to think the democrats can't be saved and just need to be berned down.
We tried to warn you guys.
I am speechless.  Like, I didn't think this could be real.

Does she WANT us to hate her?
I really want to know the thought process of doing this. Hillary wants Bernie voters, she wants them badly. So she puts a ceremonial crown over the one person that Bernie supporters hate more than anyone except herself? I know I know, DWS had to be rewarded for helping her, but couldn't that just entail asking Debbie to shut up for a few months and then hand her a cabinet position after she becomes president? It's things like this that makes me never want to support Clinton. She doesn't even pretend to care anymore.
Clinton seems to be deaf to what corruption means. It's bizarre.
Absurd 
Oh, well, that doesn't seem like conflict of interest was involved at all here...
This makes me sick.  I'm absolutely disgusted.
If anyone here can honestly say that they believe in what Bernie stood for and still vote for Hillary, you're a fraud and should be ashamed. Hillary and the DNC are EVERYTHING that is wrong with American politics. There is concrete proof of them rigging elections and working against Bernie, they aren't even trying to deny it, and now this bullshit with Hillary hiring DWS right after she announces she is resigning...I mean seriously, it cannot be anymore clear that Hillary does not give a rat's ass about Bernie, his policies, or anyone who voted for him.
Oh what, did you think you scored a small victory by having DWS fired?

Hillary just rolled by with both fingers up in the air.
#jillstein2016
DWS shouldn't be able to hold another govt position again!
oh ffs
FUCK Wicked Wasserman Schultz. 

With Tim Canova, you know it's... ova
Banana republic. 
Is this legitimate and if so, why are the major news networks not reporting it?  My dad refuses to believe it, as he is an ardent Hillary supporter and would be very upset by the move but is waiting to hear it on TV.
When I find that a close associate of mine has been proven to be conducting fraud at the highest level I always double down and promote that friend to help me run my platform for the most powerful position in America.

I mean, how else are we going to clean up the system except by proving that people are corrupt, and then giving them promotions?

Better yet, let me just make a [statement to the whole world so there can be no confusion](https://www.hillaryclinton.com/briefing/statements/2016/07/24/hillary-clinton-statement-on-the-resignation-of-democratic-national-committee-chair-debbie-wasserman-schultz/) -

> I look forward to campaigning with Debbie in Florida and helping her in her re-election bidbecause as President, I will need fighters like Debbie in Congress who are ready on day one to get to work for the American people.

Because its not about *how much corruption*, its about *who you are corrupt with* that counts, HAYUK!
Kind of redundant isn't it? Wasn't she already "honorary chairwoman" of Hillary's campaign for the last 3 years?
You mean "Officially"
Why are we surprised? They are untouchable.
So much for Clinton fighting the revolving door
Slap in the face.
What's worse is that yes, Jeff Weaver and Bernie Sanders are denouncing the chair and the emails, but no one is making the connection between the emails, the Guccifer 2.0 leaks, and the collusion with the Hillary Clinton campaign.

Wikileaks release an email chain between Luis Miranda of the DNC and Maria T. Cardona, a Hillary Clinton surrogate and commentator at CNN. In the email, Cardona asks Miranda to read through her op-ed before she has it published. Miranda responds: "Its fine with me, but the Clinton campaign would probably ask you not to place it.

Mm... Now, does it not seem odd that they would worry about the Clinton campaigns reaction to the article? One would make the logical stretch and assume that the Clinton campaign and it's surrogates were working with the media to produce articles that favored Hillary Clinton.

Check on the Politico's Kenneth Vogel's email to the DNC.
Fuuuuuuuuuuuck
Haha wtf. Their self-assuredness is getting to absurd almost cartoonish levels now. What am I gonna see next? A bunch of bags with money signs on them being handed to DWS on live tv?
Is there a better source for this? Where/when did Hillary make this statement? I want more details!
I guarantee she has a cabinet position locked in as well.
At this we point we might as well #bernitdown
What an arrogant fuck-you to Sanders supporters. "I can't believe you've done this."
I feel like its just getting harder and harder to even consider supporting their campaign on a daily basis. 
Well she's been working for Hillary's campaign this whole time, so literally nothing has changed at all.  Except for my party affiliation.
As a lifelong dem, I don't agree with this and I wish she would go away. She is tainted and I hopes she loses her re-election this year because she does not represent the party nor the people.
> I will need fighters like Debbie in Congress who are ready on day one to get to work for the American people.

Not if we can help it.
Nobody better to take on the fight with Republicans because DWS is an expert cheat and knows how to do it very well. Of course they need her! The HRC wouldn't know how to win cleanly.
It's time to come home, come grab a coat.
and then we have Obama and Biden praising her as she resign in disgraced....wtf
And now Clinton is adding insult to injury. It's like kicking a puppy in the ribs after being hit by a car. 

Despite this travisty will this subreddit still refuse to support Jill Stein, wolfPAC, Green Party, and any other organization that might help us win the war against corruption? Very nice you guys... applause... 
She'll probably get a nice job on her cabinet too, so, her resigning is just salt in our wounds.
I called it. I said once she either was fired or resigned that she would get hired somewhere posh. Well, here we go.
Well, at least her job title is honest now!
Update: Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine respond to DNC leaks. Listen to Hillary Clinton evades any mention of the leak when asked about it.

http://www.cbsnews.com/videos/did-the-dnc-undermine-bernie-sanders-candidacy/
Say what you want about trump be he is the only democratic candidate (as in representative of actual democracy) left in this race
REEEEEEEEEEEEE
I wonder if DWS will jump onto Bernie's ship when Clinton's finally sinks, like she did in '08 when she jumped onto Obama's
[Relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxlhyX-4qKI)
Maybe we'll get some of their e-mails.
I think it is safe to assume that we Berners are awaiting the next batch of findings made by Wikileaks. Wikileaks has promised to release a new batch of leaks leading up to Hillary Clinton's appearance at the convention. The will one be a crucial leak, according to Julian Assange, that will show evidential proof that Clinton should have been indicted. But, we might already have them. I make this claim for two reasons.

(1) When the first Guccifer 2.0 leaks first appeared in June, they were written off as stolen intellectual property belonging  to the Democratic National Committee. The media made it appear as if these documents were merely a strategic record of defeating Donald Trump in the general election. But, the leak also contained documentation showing collusion between the Hillary Clinton campaign and the DNC. Guccifer 2.0 went on to publish leaks to stress this point on June 18th, June 20th, June 21st, July 6th, and July 14th. The majority of documents obtained in the hack were given to Wikileaks for distribution.

(2) (a.) Before Wikileaks released leaked emails from the DNC, a torrent file was distributed via a link on Twitter as insurance, if anything were to happen to Wikileaks (or Julian Assange) before the release. This torrent file is, at the moment, encrypted and can only be access when the encryption key is made available by its author.
(b.) Also, on July 22th, when the leaks were first made public, again, many mainstream media outlets didn't cover it. The email that stood out in particular was Brad Marshall's email questioning Bernie Sanders' faith before the Kentucky and West Virginia primaries. The Intercept authenticated the validity of the email when they questioned Mr. Marshall on it. He stated, according to The Intercept, "I do not recall this. I can say it would nothave been Sanders. It would probably be about a surrogate."

Putting aside the clownish, ridiculous, fallible argument being made by CrowdStrike, the Clinton campaign, and the mainstream media, that Russia's hackers Fancy Bear and Cozy Bear hacked the DNC's servers for the political purpose of helping to elect Donald Trump. This narrative is not only a method of deflection, but it also works as a double edged sword: even if the purpose of the leaks were political, the substance of the leak itself exposed the fraud, corruption, and unethical behavior of a neutral body which works to maintain the party.

To conclude, it isn't too much of a logical leap to think that the Guccifer 2.0 leaks are authentic if you believe the Wikileaks leaks to be factual as well.
This sums up my thoughts on this monumentally bad decision: http://drspencer.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/crazypills.jpg
Update 7/25/2016 - 3:26 EST:

Here is an email showing the DNC offering access through donations to the Hillary Victory Fund, the same SuperPAC that was accused of money laundering with the DNC when the Guccifer 2.0 leaks came out.

https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/717
But Bernie's cool with all this. The Sanders campaign are going around crowing that they got DWS out of her position, although all they've done is unwittingly push her even closer to Clinton. 
What a joke this all is. There's no one left to respect anymore.
now she is walking around the convention floor....
I was just over there, you're taking a picture at just the right angle but there can't be more than a few hundred down there. Mostly just sitting around with their signs on the ground.
So many excited Hillary supporters. This is clearly the old obama coalition in action.
[deleted]
It is hilarious to see the hillary supporters start to make a conspiracy that the Russians want Trump in the office so they hacked the DNC emails and released them. They completely ignore what is in the emails and try to attack the russians and trump.

https://youtu.be/PS8dNzRhMgk?t=24s
Yeah this whole thing is a fucking joke. I legitimately feel played now and I'm a bit sick over the money and time I've donated. It has never been more obvious how little my vote matters. 
Campaigning for Hillary and the DNC is the least revolutionary thing anyone can do. It's kind of a joke to still be calling this a revolution.
[deleted]
Agreed. Hillary would be the worst out of all candidates. But wikileaks have already hinted towards another leak. That will supposedly come soon and deal more with Hillary herself rather than the DNC. 
Refusing to disavow Hillary after seeing the DNC emails is like endorsing Frank Underwood after watching House of Cards. 
He is a fine man and faced insurmountable odds and I applaud him.  
But his endorsement of her does nothing to me.  She is a wicked and evil individual and I want nothing to do with her.
Voting for Hillary is like like voting for Nixon after Watergate.
Voting for Clinton is supporting cheating and corruption. There is no justifying it. Idk how anyone could sleep at night knowing they gave her the presidency.
I refuse to go along with this shift toward Hillary. She has been part of this scheming since the get go. I will be voting third party or possibly even Trump come November.
I am with you.
100% agree with you. Back in April Trevor asked Debbie if she had anything to do in intervening with Bernie Sanders and DNC, which she replied no she wasn't. Now obviously she looks like as big of a liar as Donald Trump

It's a shame but I've been a liberal Democrat the past two elections but I may look into Gary Johnson or Jill Stein maybe Donald Trump as a third but Hillary no way
The statement Hillary put out about DWS, talking about how great she is and how she looks forward to campaigning for her, was the final straw for me. Love ya Bernie, but you look pathetic lying to your supporters, trying to cover up how awful these people are. I got too much respect for you to try and pull that shit. We'll see what happens.
The Hillary camp clearly has dirt on Bernie, or is threatening him or his family. The only other option is that he was controlled opposition from the start, which might be the most sickening thought of all.
I would love to see someone ask Sanders how he justifies endorsing someone who has one of the most pro-war records in US political history. As well as how he justifies endorsing a woman who was in cahoots with the DNC to defraud millions of Americans into donating hundreds of millions to the Sanders campaign (which in turn goes in part to the DNC) by pretending his campaign ever even had a fair chance. Those are the matters I want addressed.

Of course he'd probably just deflect and turn it into Trump fearmongering, but seriously at this point... either Trump or Clinton will end in the exact same thing; war and fearmongering, while financially nothing changes.

Every time he mentions that crooked... that crooked person... it's like another knife in the back and just makes me want to rail against them all more. Screw the DNC, screw the GOP, it's all bullshit.

To quote JFK - those who make peaceful revolution impossible, make violent revolution inevitable.

The people can only take so much more before a straw comes along that breaks the camels back.
Bernie just sold us out on meet the press so I'll be unsubscribed soon, he went full pawn endorsed Hillary for president because Trump is bad, despite emails, was asked how knowing the DNC had colluded against him affected his endorsement of Hillary and he said it didn't, vote for Hillary.  I can't believe we were all duped to believe he was different...
I am with OP. NEVER VOTING CLINTON.

Not sure if Bernie has been threatened or whatever. I will support downballot progressives, but fuck this bullshit.
I agree with you that I will not support clinton, but I still support Sanders and down ballot progressives. I think you can support Sanders and not vote for clinton.
Get Bernie to disavow, you guys need to be his voice. I'm not a Bernie supporter but I respected him before he endorsed. You all pushed Bernie through this campaign
Every Bernie supporter should, and after seeing her vp selection, I highly doubt she would appoint a "liberal" Supreme Court justice. She is crooked to the bone and will turn on everyone when presented with power or money. Fuck her and anyone still stupid enough to believe she will do anything but make the status quo worse for average Americans. 
I'd rather fight a progressive position from the trenches rather than apologizing for Clinton all the time. Give the Republicans enough rope to hang themselves. Vote your conscience.
You guys know he had to endorse her or lose representation at the convention, right?  I am still not convinced there isn't a fight coming-if he was giving up there was no reason not to conceded-which he did not
> everyone here has a very high opinion of Bernie, irregardless of how he supports hrc in the next few months

Irregardless in itself is a double negative, use a different word.
[deleted]
[deleted]
It's time for everyone to vote against Hillary, even if its Donald Trump
Trump is the most progressive republican ever. So republicans are becoming progressive. Democrats are becoming conservative. What are the chances two parties don't switch sides within 10 years? I very much doubt Ted Cruz will get a vote in the national scene in 2020. 

If Ivanka starts authoring some really progressive laws the republican party will be changed for ever.
Was talking to my coworker and told him I'd vote 3rd party cause trump is a joke and Hilary is trash. He looked at me like I was crazy. Told me if I don't vote  for Hillary, it'll be like I'm voting for trump. 

Mind you I was in a taxi. When we got to the office, the taxi driver heard everything and said I better vote for Hillary because Idk what I'm talking about.  And my co worker said I can't believe what I read about her online because there is no proof and she is the best candidate. 

Nope. 3rd party for me
But the Clinton trolls keep telling me that if I have progressive ideals and I don't support her that I am not a true progressive.
The best way to get progressives in office is 8 years of Trump.

Just look what 8 years of Obama did ... It allowed someone like Trump to run and to win.

Pendulum would swing back the other way if a Trump presidency turned out as disastrous as everyone says it will be.

Otherwise you get Clinton in? It's more business as usual.
Support Ideas, Not People. 
HRC is the spoiler now,  while Jill Stein is the standard-bearer.  Bernie really wants all the Bernicrats to be  more active in running in the Democratic Party, and that is OK too.  I don't think any Berniecrat is going to vote for HRC just cause he says too. Its just sad to watch and hear.
Irregardless isn't a word
As much as I dislike Trump for what he SAYS, I also dislike Hillary for what shoe DID and DOES. 100% will not be voting for Trump or Hillary. I live in a heavy Republican state so realistically speaking, my vote won't make much difference for president. I'll likely vote third party just to try and expand the playing field in the future.
I'm voting against every single super delegate that votes for Hillary, when they are up for re-election in November.  

My state voted 70+% for Sanders, but the majority of Super Delegates (in my state) will vote for Clinton.  

I hope every super delegate supporting Hillary against the wishes of their constituents are unemployed after the November elections.  
To OP and all other Sanders supporters, we have a very clear and simple means to take our candidate back. We must make Sanders fear us, his supporters, more than he fears Trmp or running against Hillary. Sanders will not truly take us seriously or respect our voice unless he knows we're deadly serious about voting Trmp if he doesn't jump back in and take the nomination. 

If Sanders ignores us then we'll back Trmp and help him win, which will mean a far more fair fight against Trump in 2020 with our dream progressive candidate than against Hillary with the rigged DNC behind her.
HRC will do or say anything to get power. She is a lying snake who NOBODY should trust as President. 
Maybe just maybe he's only playing along till his speech tomorrow and will trash her in it.  If he had any guts he would (and he'd rightly be remembered for it for a very long time) but I fear it is unlikely.
I'm with you! If we expect to be free we simply cannot let political parties pull these kinds of shenanigans and then say 'Oh what the heck. I'll support you anyway.' 
[removed]
Ten four over and out.
Bernie bailed and Hillary is Satan, all you have to do is feel the Johnson if you still want change but don't want a racist or a criminal as president
never going to vote for her-considering gary johnson...
ITT: Epic fart sniffing
I work near city hall in Philadelphia and had to go into work today. As I got off the subway there were hundreds of protesters out already. They are rallying against fracking and not for Bernie, but I will say this I saw zero Clinton signs, shirts or posters. The protest is filled with Bernie buttons, signs, and chants. There are people of all ages young and old. It is really exciting and this week the DNC will be filled with them. Change is coming and everyone on this sub is apart of it. We can take down the establishment. Bernie is still with us, do not be fooled he needs to do what he is doing now. He has a plan, and we will change everything. Do not give up!  
These threads are still full of CTR people/bots. I'd like to think Bernie supporters aren't so bloody dumb.
This leaves us with voting either Jill Stein or Gary Johnson as options for not supporting a fundamentally corrupt system. I really wish Bernie had endorsed either of those candidates instead of HRC when he conceded.
I think I'll rally for Jill Stein or Gary Johnson if Sanders doesn't run. I can't bring myself to vote for either Clinton or Trump. After this month I'll be changing from registered democrat to independent.
[removed]
Bernie got us within the goal, and Jill Stein will carry it through.  There are now more registered voters to help the down ticket candidates on both parties (Green and Democratic) Others will have to fight the election fraud.  Bernie has run out of steam for this nomination, but there is still a lot for him to do, like introduce all the bills that he believes in.
Clinton is shit, Trump is shit, two sides of the same coin. They're so far above regular promote they don't even care, we're just numbers on a screen to them... The only thing we can do is tells hem to fuck off, find a good 3rd party candidates or even get a third party going. 

Dem and reps have been circlejerking, sharing power and pretending to be opponents when really they love each other since they make it simple. It's either or, love or hate, 2 simple choices for the "simple people". As long as we let these 2 Colossuses decide it doesn't matter, they'll never show or end rice a candidate that works for a true change. They live and breed the status quo, it's our job to change it and that won't happen by electing Trump (or Hillary), they're both the same rotten core. Neither knows nor cares about everyday people... 
"Better than Trump" is not a good reason. Decaf coffee is better than Trump, and a cup of that stuff would probably make a more trustworthy president than Clinton.
I'm so sad for america. 
If you have to choose between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump you know something is going wrong with your country.
I dont see how we can change the system in any way, it is so rigid it just feels like we dont stand a chance at all... makes me really sad.

After all the shit Bernie got from the DNC and Clinton Campaign he still supports her. He is somehow the real hero, he is able to forgive his worst enemies and still rather support them over the absolute devil that Trump is.
Makes him a really honorable person, but I just can't follow him to this point. 
No way that im voting for Clinton.
[removed]
I don't think Bernie supports Hillary as much as he just doesn't think Trump being elected would be good for anyone.  

However, I don't see Hillary as being any better.
[removed]
this sub sucks now
@TheCreepero where are your sources to support your claim that trump is a racist and sexist? Also where did you get that he is owned by Wall Street? To my knowledge he is the only person in the entire world of politics that can't be bought by Wall Street. And I don't even need to post my source on that because he has publicly posted his net worth over and over again. Being naive to the facts will get you no where bud, if you want somebody like Clinton in the White House after all of the PROVEN lies, scams and change of positions then go ahead and vote for her. The reason why you're arguing with everyone on these issues is because the majority disagrees with you... Btw my source on all of this is from msnbc, that's a legit source now right?
   Folks, we need to question some of the articles posted here....they may be bots or worse.
You can't take over the dnc if you get ousted by the dnc. And worrying about hillary is short term, I don't know about you but I want a lifetime of good candidates. That's the revolution.  Look at the big picture trust in the dnc is at an all time low. It will be so easy to take there positions from them. How can the dnc be against us when we will be the dnc. As of know we got bernie and Tim Cavanaugh (no way Debbie comming back now) how many more seats will we have come next election? Hillary won't wreak the country (to bad) and if she has any hopes of winning a second term she has to follow thru her promises from this possible term. Stay focused on the big picture. This is what politicians want muddy the water so you can't see the forest thru the trees. Stop smelling the shit on you knees and look instead when that shit is comming from. This is the revolution, and you are the beautifull people that will make it happen .
The hivemind in this subreddit is bullshit, he endorsed her to speak tomorrow. Wait until tomorrow to give up.
I think Bernie realizes how much power and influence he holds in this election, which is why he has taken the position that he has behind Clinton's campaign. 

He has seen how poorly she has done at capturing his demographic; that at the end of the day, she thinks she can still win without us. He has seen that even after a daily stream of hateful consciousness from Trump and the republicans, they're still locked dead even in national polls.  He has seen that no matter what Trump does, there is still another Hillary scandal that will trump it.  

I think at the end of the day, his stance IS rooted in fear of Trump; just more specifically, fear of being the one responsible for Trump getting elected by doing something self-serving (even if it ABSOLUTELY is what he SHOULD do).  

If Bernie rescinded his endorsement and Trump went on to win, the establishment democrats would blame Bernie and Bernie's camp would blame the establishment for propping up a weak candidate. Either way, we'd still be inaugurating a Trump. 
If Bernie doesn't get the nomination, I'll never vote for a Democrat again.  The entire party needs to die and be replaced by an actual progressive party.

How dare you shirk your obligation to vote for a war criminal
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
same
I cant wait to see what they put up.next. Normally they put a story out and let arguments go. Then they release something that kills the "conspiracy" Clinton camps arguments will not work soon id bet. 
"No more needs to be said"

Types another 4 paragraphs
It's not over yet. We'll see what the upcoming emails have to say, and whether or not Bernie will be forced to rescind his endorsement.
So... where do these votes go? Some will go to Trump, of course... Gary Johnson?
I'll leave this here as simply a potential talking point. Best of luck to all #Berners come this week!

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=X6OsjJkySjw
At the end of the day, it's all politics. Good thing people are finally starting to realize that with this shitshow of an election year.
Don't vote for Hillary but don't vote for either Trump.
I will lose all of my respect for Bernie Sanders if he gets on that stage and bends over for Clinton. 
Can we trend something like "DropOutHillary" on Twitter? 

Edit: two dumb ideas changed to one decent one. 
I might sound like a coward, but not voting is a choice, if you believe both candidates will do damage you can choose not to be responsible for their actions by voting them into the WH.
You guys need to realize that a while ago, Sanders said that if he was not elected nominee, he would fully support whoever the Democratic nominee is. He's keeping his word. He was also just on tv the other day and they asked him what he thought of the emails, and he basically said "I've been telling you all this from the start. It's no surprise to me". He's been accusing the DNC and Clinton for rigging the system from the start. No one really believed until the emails came out.
I 100% agreed with him on endorsing Hillary in the first place, this was the best move to implement major necessary changes in the Democratic Party and assure Trump doesn't become president. This is a little different, I'm not sure what to think anymore. It's still probably the best plan, as far as I know Hillary herself hasn't been proven to be involved in the rigging (come on Wikileaks, I know the evidence exists), only the DNC. I doubt Bernie still has a chance of being the Democratic nominee unfortunately, despite these leaks, and he won't go third party, it's too big of a risk. However after this especially I'd have a hard time voting for Hillary and I know many other Sanders supporters feel the same way. I'm worried this will hit Hillary too hard for her to beat Trump, she is already an extremely weak candidate and for many people this will be the last straw. I'm waiting to see if Wikileaks releases anything that directly hits HRC or links her to these findings. If this happens I reckon she can't win a general election and Sanders should defiantly stop endorsing her and the superdelegates should switch.
This is too funny!

Abandon your dystopian liberal fantasies and become a decent human!

Its not too late!
I'm not voting for Hillary. I'm voting for the voting rights act, the EPA, department of energy, department of education, national rail grants, the clean air act, marriage equality, the national endowments for the arts and humanities, the minimum wage, Roe v Wade, medicare, social security, union rights, and the dozens of other progressive reforms that have taken us 80 years to enact. If Trump is elected, that work is gone, along with the supreme court for the next two generations. Period. 

If we want to change American democracy, we need to change the Democratic party. Bernie has put us in position to defend progressive causes and push a progressive agenda. The house and senate are in play people. The DNC is on it's heels because of these leaks and Bernie has them right where he wants them. Sure he is playing it off in order to display unity but behind the scenes he is becoming the Democratic kingmaker. 


As much as I dislike Clinton, she's still better than Trump. That said I'm at the point where I think the best option is to flip over the table because all pretense of the game being fair are gone. 

It's fact that the DNC wanted Clinton, but I also think that the RNC wants Trump to lose. Him winning would diminish their power and they would rather regroup and try again 4 years from now. Due to this, I want Trump to win, because it fucks both the DNC and RNC. Fuck them both.
I'm voting Hilary, like Bernie wants me to, because I trust him. 

Simple as that. I'm actually practical. 
[removed]
Fight against the Clinton campaign! Rockefeller republicans join hands with Bernie enthusiasts!

A common enemy brings us together
Jesus christ this sub has turned into a bunch of whiny children.  Vote your principles as you see fit and then watch those principles crumble when Donald Trump places three 50 year old conservatives on the supreme court.  

Bernie can see that, but apparently his followers can't.  Yes, Clinton sucks, but for fucks sake, Trump will do more damage via the supreme court to progressive causes than Hillary will and it isn't even a discussion.  

You crybabies need to grow up.  Vote third party if you must but don't decry Bernie Sanders for doing the smart thing here.

You trusted him to be president but suddenly don't trust him because he had to make a hard call which I guarantee he didn't want to make but he did it anyway because the alternative was a complete catastrophe.
I think it'd be hard to be fully supportive of Clinton from the start to the end and say this was all fine, but I don't think there is anything wrong to currently see Trump as the start of the path towards a potentially terrible and un-American America. We're supposed to be inclusive to people of all races and religions, not blame them for economic issues(whether Republicans truly believe that, or just use it to sway the masses).

American government and big business seems very corrupt right now, but at least with all of that proof of corruption and wrongdoing that is coming out at the highest levels with this election cycle(on both sides), that could lead to a push towards more principled candidates. I think it's gonna get better, and likely so does Bernie. No reason to derail the progress we made due to Bernie's message just because we are upset as fuck right now for all of the reasons we supported Bernie in the first place. 

It's an emotional reaction to flip the table and spite Hillary just because we now have proof for all the belief we had all along(emails and DNC collusion). I realized this after Comey went public. At first I said 'well surely there is no way I can vote for Hillary now", but then realized that I already knew and believed that she was guilty of those charges, so having proof shouldn't affect my thought that Trump would be worse for America than Clinton. It's the same with the DNC email leak. I knew they were biased since the first debate drama. 

The only thing that would change my mind is real proof of election fraud committed by Hillary or the DNC, or a way to prove the DNC un-registered registered people during primaries for Hillary's gain. At some point someone doing your dirty work for you should invalidate Hillary, but I doubt we'll ever get proof. It's an awful situation considering how much un-democratic 'cheating' likely happened.

I think Bernie's smart play is play nice if no more information comes out, then primary Clinton in 4 years if she has a remotely bad term(if she beats Trump). I'd vote for Bernie until the day I die due to his record and policies(even if a few are slightly misaligned), assuming he doesn't get a brain disease.

It's really about getting a cookie in the cookie jar eventually, not trashing the kitchen (and letting whatever analogy win that fits trump) because your mom broke the rules and lied to you.

Sanders supporters that agree with Bernie's Democratic policies that see it as the most important issue should vote for Hillary if it's a contested swing state.

Bernie's supporters who don't like his policies but want to vote for him because he's anti-establishment, or are voting for the least corrupt candidate can obviously do whatever speaks to them, but I don't think corruption is solved by voting for the candidate that got caught lying less than their opponent. Corruption gets solved by voting in people that weren't influenced by corporate doners and have good records.

Unfortunately we're going to have to wait 4 years for that.
Why don't you fucking dipshits raging about "Bernie the Betrayer" wait until after the convention to start trashing him. Over a year and $200m and now he's supposed to tell the entire Democratic establishment to fuck off on the eve of the convention just to appease you simpletons who think with your emotions rather than your brain? Fuck, so much for liberals being the smart ones.
You see me? I'm a Republican now
Irregardless 
[deleted]
If this is just another Trump supporter trying to drive a wedge, then my comment is useless.

If you're indeed a Bernie supporter and progressive, then you are absolutely *clueless* about the GOP and Trump. Let's look at it logically: you put your faith and trust in Bernie who has not betrayed you in the 40 years he's fought for the lowly citizen in politics. Even **he** says we must ensure Trump doesn't win, but you think you know better?

Your anger is clouding your judgement.
President Trump,  sieg heil! 
Then you're choosing Trump, plain and simple. 
Well she is less worse than donald trump
[deleted]
Lol blood on my hands? That's pathetic. It's politics. They make tough decisions every day, sometimes they are wrong and sometimes they are right. It's politics. This post is pathetic
[deleted]
If you don't want to support hillary that's fine. However when you say things like this 

>Supporting a clinton, will put blood on yours.

Then you're going too far. Hillary's opponent is a [benedict arnold](https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/4uc5ha/breaking_news_trump_is_not_a_clumsy_bumbling_fool/) who WILL cause bloodshed with his narcissism. It is those who refuse to stop him who have blood on their hands just as those who refused to stop Hitler took as much blame as Hitler himself for the crimes of the Nazi regime. Do not ever say such an outrageous thing again unless you want to permanently fracture the progressive movement.
/r/StillSandersForPres
Irregardless isn't a word. It's just regardless. 
What exactly makes her a warmonger?  Genuinely curious.
So... Trump then?
So you want Trump. OK.

Trump is way worse than Clinton in every regard.
I completely disagree with you. Trump is an climate change denier, racist, sexist, and anti-vaccer. No way I am allowing a nazi like that to become president. Vote for Stein is a vote for Trump.
As unpleasant and incapable as she may be, Clinton is still the most viable candidate right now.

Here are some reminders for people regarding the alternative:

[Trump](https://np.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/4to3rj/gop_nominates_trump_for_president/d5iugi4)

[Pence](https://np.reddit.com/r/Indiana/comments/4u6qfr/slug/d5ng4e0)

This is all the justification you need to vote for Clinton.
Criminal? What has she been convicted of again? Ok thanks
Really? It needs to be said more? Lol I've seen this post every day since California, only the people in this bubble still believe this
Republicans ask whether Obama is really Christian: "Racist!  Bigot!  How could you ever say that?"

Democrats ask whether Sanders is really Jewish, even though [his father's family was "wiped out" in the Holocaust:](http://www.cnn.com/2016/03/07/politics/democratic-debate-jewish-bernie-sanders-cnn-flint-michigan/index.html) "Meh.  Lesser evil.  Don't tell me you're a Trump-loving BernieBro!"
I voted for Jill Stein in 2012.  After the disgusting treatment of Sanders by the DNC there is no way any Democrats receive my vote this year.
Wow she seems strong and full of spine.
Green party needs to replace the dems and the libertarians need to replace the gop
I'll concede, part of the Democrats have lost me.
Definitely voting for Jill Stein. She's the only alternative to Bernie Sanders in this election.
Speaking as a European, in recent years Jill Stein has always seemed like such an obvious choice over the corporate establishment of the Democrats or the insane fascism of the republicans.

It's just a shame that she will 100% never, ever get elected because somehow the republican and democrat parties have created this bubble where they control who runs the country. Something that was never, ever entrenched in American politics constitutionally or in ANY way.

Maybe going off topic, but when I look at America now I look at the failure of democracy. Democracy relies on informed voters, and the ratio of uninformed Americans to those who actually take an interest rather than blindly voting for their party means that the country has voted their democracy away.
I'm sorry, I thought we weren't allowing plugs for other candidates here?
How do we make sure these polls are being conducted that would get her into the debates? Where can I find these polls. How can we insure they are done frequently. How can we be sure the polling was unbiased?
God, I wish Bernie would go Green. With the GOP splitting with Libertarians, it's a real option (if the voting isn't rigged).
Bernie, run 3rd party. 
I like her.  I've just never heard of her until a month ago, so Bernie is still my man until I know for sure he's out of the race.  Then I will vote for JS. 
I love this lady. She gives me hope the revolution will survive.
irony is that DNC calls Trump the bigot. 
Good for her, its good to see politicans standing up for whats right. I might be voting for Trump but she seems like a decent person. I'm going to look into her and the Green Party now.

EDIT:misspellings
Thanks Jill! x
Do you want my vote?  Because that's how you get my vote.
[removed]
But i only like people that are just like me 
[removed]
On a 1-10 scale, what are the chances that Bernie comes out on Monday night in Philly and goes rogue? I want so much for this to happen..
the pandering is real lmao
No disrespect to Jill Stein, but voting for her will not force the same type of fear and respect towards us Sanders supporters as voting Trmp will. The DNC, Hillary, and her supporters aren't fear mongering with Jill Stein, they're fear mongering with Trmp. We Sanders supporters should take that fear mongering being used against us and counter with it. If we're adamant about voting Trmp if Sanders doesn't jump back in and take the nomination then we'll be feared and respected far more than if we go with Jill Stein.

We can't afford to be complacent or half-measured with this. We have to go all out if we want to be taken seriously and our voices heard.
Please stop hijacking this subreddit.
Why is she trying to get more votes? I thought homeopathy already proved that the less substance you have, the more potent the effect. Obviously this is why the attacks from the DNC on Bernie's strong Jewish faith were so effective, since I can't remember a single instance of them actually being used during the campaign.
And if the dems did flock to green, you will shout "save us" when Trump is elected. 
This sub has a rule and not to prevent people from swaying users away from Bernie win other candidates... Yet that's the whole purpose of this thread.
She's just barely more qualified for public office than Donald Trump.  The green party is the lefts answer to anti-science republicans.  Her campaign plans are the sorts of things I dreamed up when I was 18, and I would love for them to be the law now, but I'd have a much easier time believing they were possible if they were promoted by a politician with proven experience instead of a physician and town-council seat.
Bernie's actual beliefs have always struck me as refreshingly Christian. It's no accident that he supports  statements by Franciscans like Pope Francis
/r/StillSandersForPres
Wasn't it just one staffer? One staffer doesn't represent the whole of DNC.
Honestly I find this bullshit ridiculous. Not the party itself, but rather than pushing for criminal charges and resignations she's trying to promote her own party. Despicable. 
Its on her now to get suddenly Ill and withdraw for health concerns to safe the process.

Otherwise I fear she got so much control over the Party that they will anoint her.
absolutely
Lose 
That wont stop Hillary and her MSM lap dogs from blaming us.
invest in "Don't blame me, I voted for Bernie" t-shirts while you still can
Uh-huh. As I said, it is now the time to send a message that we will stand fast, that we will not be apologists for those corporatists in the DNC. Regardless of whom you vote for: Do not make them expect your vote without concessions or lose your vote without repercussions.
What was that about Trump being a racist? Lol okay DNC. Seems like all they do is shove their faults on others.
You'll notice NONE of that conversation is on how to make America better for Latinos.

Tell them stories to get their votes. That's it. Literal lip service.


Yeah, as a Latino that was pretty fucked up.  Though what I noticed, at least from my area, if you care enough to show up, la raza will support you.  HRC visited my area, and I believe she won over here.  There were a few local movements to try to get Bernie to visit, but he never showed up here. 
But he's fluent in Spanish! 
At this point I'm not surprised. Apparently they also called them "taco bowl engagement." 

https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/5492
Which emojis does your Abuela love best?
I love how the shillbot responding to her is shouting her down, telling her that she's using the wrong words to express herself.

it's only sexist when you criticize arf arf McPantsuit.
This is bad...and now the Right gets to say "Nah nah nah...who's the racist?".


But!  They did not say susceptible,  they said responsive.  Abby Martin got called out and she said it was a synonym.  Bullshit.  Responsive is neutral, susceptible conveys perceived weakness.
I gotta be honest with you guys, this is what marketing looks like - not just for politics, but for everything. Starbucks does this, Walmart does this, this is what marketing is.

Which is not to say that it's good - it works on stereotypes and generalizations - but it's certainly not unique to the DNC.
When Abby talks, I don't listen much, I just stare into her beautiful eyes!
She is talking truth though.  Abby and that chick from RT's, "The Resident".
Omg, I think I may be into Goth!  Go Bernie.
(edit: quotation marks.)
I love how this keeps circulating around Twitter.  This is actually an attachment from the e-mail that was pasted over top of the actual e-mail so it is taken out of context.  If you did read the e-mail, you'd know that this attachment is proposal from a mobile app developer, not someone from the DNC, who was trying to get funding from the DNC and other funders.
From the editorial: 
<<The polls already show that more Sanders voters will vote for Hillary this year than the number of Hillary primary voters in 08 who then voted for Obama.>>

No way I believe this. Hillary voters nearly universally voted for Obama in 2008.

Based upon the many Bernie supporters I have spoken with over the last year I suspect Hillary will be lucky to garner 40% support from us.

It will be a bloodbath in November for Hillary and the DNC.

Is this true as of today? Maybe, maybe not. By the election day it might be true. Or not.

I suspect Moore wrote it because he knows that if Queen Hillary loses Dem establishment will blame Bernie.
## **Please join our Day 3 mega thread which can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/4ux872/dnc_day_3_mega_thread/).**
Susan Sarandon at the press conference, wearing a swish hat!
susan doesn't want to be called a bleeding heart liberal
"We're with Nina" chants on the press conference.
That is a lot of mics.
Bernie supporters press conference live coverage: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yMQ5uFFZSM4
Does anyone know if this is legit? 

[Actors Needed For National Convention (Philadelphia)](http://archive.is/jPZx5)

The lack of 'Democratic' in the title + wrong address could be intentional so as to not make it too obvious. Hillbots lost their shit when I tweeted it so you never know. 

Silly question; anyone know why Tulsi was "allowed" to nominate Bernie Sanders and Nina was not? As much as I believe in it, Why would they let even Tulsi?
Getting all the Asian pandering out of the way at once i see.
Does anyone have the candid photo of Bernie at the DNC after supporting Clinton where he is exhaling? Looks like it was removed before I could save it
PSA:

Nina Turner press conference in about 10 mins

https://youtu.be/ipt4RGQbmZg
Lol... "I have aids?"

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=befcIawQXn4 
We should use the current DNC logic to say Russia rigged the Dem Primary. This gets us to the position of investigating the primary. self.SandersForPresident
submitted a minute ago by MrFactualReality

It is clear to me that we should also be piling onto the blame Russia bandwagon. Not because we should care that Russia might have something to do with anything(I for one am thankful to see behind the workings of this corrupt government). But because the DNC's flailing logic is clearly a kill the messenger distraction from their real transgressions and corruption that has been revealed.
We should exploit their logic and call for investigations into the entire Dem primary for election fraud and rigging, not by the DNC and Clinton, but by the Russians. I assume the evidence would lead back to the DNC not the Russians. This is why we should be exploiting this moment by calling for real investigations and audits of the entire primary, because the Russians have become the perfect scapegoat to instigate an investigation via media frenzy/frothing.

*Copy pasted here because of selfpost stealthban or some shit*
Just a friendly reminder... http://iwilllookintoit.com/
This is wishful thinking but can Bernie run again in 4 years? If Hillary is president, she will likely become more unfavorable like most previous presidents.  Bernie has much more name recognition and the country will likely be more progressive and have a new generation of young voters that may have watched him in this election cycle but weren't old enough to vote. Establishment media will also be less prevalent, giving him a better chance in the democratic primary. 
The whole fake duopoly/ monopoly has never been more transparent
"Unite against the Republican policy of fear", proceeds to fearmonger.

Do they just not *hear* the irony dripping from their statements?
Just tuned in. Are there still Bernie delegates there?
she sounded like she was being sarcastic the whole time lol
hate to say it but.....Donald Trump is killing it right now on his press conference.
Anyone have the links from a few days ago where they refused to take requests for other VP's?
the mariachi pander is so cringe
Does anyone have a link to watch Nina Turner's press conference??

http://fox8.com/2016/07/27/schedule-of-speakers-for-third-night-of-democratic-national-convention-released/
Todays schedule
I wonder if this Democratic party even realizes how many supporters it has disenfranchised just from this election so far. Corporate pigs are so clouded with money and power, they can't even see an inch in front of them. If they lose the election in November, they're going to blame us & Bernie, just like they did with Nader. 
CNN hostess just said 'Hillary is having the most trouble with white, middle aged men with no college degree - maybe Michael Bloomberg can help her with this? I don't know".

Holy shit, if that's how these idiots are thinking, the party is completely and irrevocably fucked this cycle.
Things just keep getting uglier and shittier. How far will it go? A lot further I think.
https://www.facebook.com/ivan.trent/posts/10209944057259441 
[removed]
[DNC's Apocalypse Now: Bernie Supporters are Mad as Hell and They Should Be!](https://medium.com/@red5/dncs-apocalypse-now-bernie-supporters-are-mad-as-hell-and-they-should-be-c44bf5551d27#.ftvokbwe1)
Anything new on the talk that Nina Turner got her credentials revoked and was not allowed into the convention?
The Donald just called out the media for not showing Bernie Sanders supporters walking out of convention.
Will we be able to view the history of all this sub's posts?
Is there a list compiled of people we as Bernie supporters should vote for when it comes to Congress? For those of us who arent really in the loop but would like to vote for someone who holds Bernie principles. 
Something weird is going on in the sub. Every half hour or so, dozens of threads from 10 or 12 hours ago get bumped, and EVERY thread on the "New" tab gets drowned out, and pushed off the first page. What the hell?
Biden and Obama speaking tonight. 
Election Justice USA released an almost 100 page report on the Democratic Election, we need to be looking into this and discussing it extensively! [Democracy Lost: A Report on the Fatally Flawed 2016 Democratic Primaries](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B5O9I4XJdSISNzJyaWIxaWpZWnM/view)


#The following is from the last page of the entire report:


#A. CONCLUSIONS

We have aimed to provide an overview of the evidence for various types of fraud and targeted voter suppression impacting the outcomes of the 2016 Democratic presidential primaries. After covering the legal background and the history of Election Justice USAs legal actions, our best efforts to combat election fraud and voter suppression, we gave a thorough treatment of:

1) Targeted voter suppression

2) Registration tampering

3) Illegal voter purges

4) Exit polling discrepancies

5) Evidence for voting machine tampering

6) The security (or lack thereof) of various voting machine types

Finally, we gave a date-by-date, state-by-state overview of each of these fraud or suppression types at work throughout the course of the 2016 Democratic presidential primaries. **Based on this work, Election Justice USA has established an upper estimate of 184 pledged delegates
lost by Senator Bernie Sanders as a consequence of specific irregularities and instances of fraud. Adding these delegates to Senator Sanders pledged delegate total and subtracting the same number from Hillary Clintons total *would more than erase* the 359 pledged delegate gap between the two candidates.** EJUSA established the upper estimate through exit polling data, statistical analysis by precinct size, and attention to the details of Democratic proportional awarding of national delegates. Even small changes in vote shares in critical states like Massachusetts and New York could have substantially changed the media narrative surrounding the primaries in ways that would likely have had far reaching consequences for Senator Sanders campaign.


#B. RECOMMENDATIONS

We conclude by calling for decertification of the 2016 Democratic primary results in every state in which we have established a reasonable doubt as to the accuracy of the vote tally. Finally, we wish to bring the readers attention to three simple reforms that would eliminate the mere possibility of the vast majority of fraud types demonstrated or evidenced in this report:

1) Exclusive use of hand-counted paper ballots in all future US elections.

2) Automatic voter registration, with same-day party affiliation switching as a mandatory

condition for all elections that are publicly funded.

3) Restoration of voting rights legislation which would ensure adequate access to polling sites.

Election Justice USA maintains that these recommendations for future elections, contrary to common claims, save taxpayer money. While beyond the scope of the present report, we aim to present a convincing case for this as part of subsequent publications.


*EDIT: Please upvote this, we need to be discussing this and I don't see any conversation on this massive document.*
where can I wath DNC ? (link)

and is there any important must watch hour?

thank you

#$hillwillnevergetmyvote

So does anyone find it funny/absurd that Hillary was a Goldwater supporter when she was young and now she is running against a Goldwater of our age?

(Or to paraphrase, Hillary was a supporter of Trump type politician when she was young and now she is running against Trump ...)

Arrogant Biden will be on Morning Joe in 10 minutes
#Elijah lies about 99% of Bernie being adopted. I watched the rules committee. This is pure nonsense.
Elijah is about to go on Morning Joe
guys, this happened yesterday but it needs to be out there-
http://investmentwatchblog.com/if-this-video-goes-viral-the-dnc-is-done-share-like-a-virus-on-all-social-media-platforms/
"oh the mic is on" killed me.
http://m.memegen.com/e5grcu.jpg
Just watched a few minutes of CNN coverage. The panel was basically spinning the Wikileaks as (I'm paraphrasing), "I've been a Bernie supporter all along, but now fully support Hillary. These revelations about the DNC are things we need to change about ourselves and let's help Hillary go forward to defeat Trump."

They then cut over to a Bernie supporters rally/protest about five minutes away from the convention and showed lots of folks who are (again, paraphrasing), "peaceful, but angry...loud, but concerned".
Turned on PBS and they are showing NPR's coverage and they were actually talking about the unruly crowd. Nice to see it not being ignored like the other channels. 
Man. All my time spent volunteering. Those nights watching debates with a cold one. Those days watching the voting day threads on this sub and those nights watching results come in. All the highs, all the lows. All those times watching that stump speech right here on my laptop. Being in the front row at his rally less than two months ago. It all just flashed before my eyes.

It's been a hell of a ride, friends. Honored to have gone on it with you all.
We move on without him towards progress. Brothers and sisters it has been an absolute pleasure fighting with you and I look forward to our next battles ahead. 
Good evening, my Bernie friends. I miss all the primary night mega-threads with each of you.
God bless the guy holding the "rigged" sign.
I love the "RIGGED" sign behind the NV delegation
*prays to the god of Wikileaks*
Can we pause for a minute and remember that everything OWS was talking about in the streets years ago is now being said on stage by someone who came close to winning the nomination live on national media and getting cheers?
CNN has a headline "Clinton wants to reintroduce herself to America" and my only thought is "oh joy Hillary 3.0 is ready for the general election"
when the DNC asks for the YES vote to nominate Hillary that you STAY ABSOLUTELY SILENT. DO NOT boo or yell. STAY SILENT! Any noise you make during the YEAH vote will only make the YES vote louder.
Is and Nos sounded just about equal to me  
LMAO, C-SPAN just showed a shot of someone who took one of the "Love Trumps Hate" signs and wrote over it with sharpie, "BERNIE Trumps TRUMP"!
Is it just me or is the gestapo going around stealing Bernie contraband?
Vermont is passing so Bernie Sanders himself can get to the floor and Vermont will be the last state to throw it's delegates into each candidate's column and Bernie himself can say Clinton will be the next president.
Briefly had MSNBC on while flipping channels, headline at the bottom was "Clinton Campaign 'Grateful' for DNC Work". I'm sure it is!
CNN COMPLETELY MUTED THE CROWD...FUCK CNN!
"This is not about politics"

-Demi Lavato at the Democratic Convention
Im happy another Rich person gets to tell me who is right for me
[removed]
Apparently they are threatening delegates with losing their credentials for the next days if they don't hand in their Bernie signs.

https://twitter.com/dizzyeyes/status/757688770758074368
Jeb Bush has more energy than this convention.
#ROLLCALL
http://iwilllookintoit.com/
Massachusetts: 50.1% Hillary

Delegates: 61% Hillary

10/10 totally fair, i'm out cya guys later
Lmao this lady on msnbc. 


-Did Bernie move you to vote for Hillary? 

::stoic::

No
Holy shit, that Bernie chant... She accidentally awakened a beast.
BERNIE TAKING SHOTS AT THE MEDIA BANG BANG!
Bernie reacts to Larry's speech: https://twitter.com/MicahGrimes/status/758056867780177920
If I had a dollar for every time someone at the DNC mentions Trump, I would be rich enough to vote for Hillary.
Hillary just hired DWS for her campaign https://twitter.com/NorwoodJenn/status/757323171771117569 


Holy shit they are relentless pushing Hillary.

Holy shit they are relentless chanting Bernie.
[deleted]
Hilary....Unity...omg....cringe so hard Sarah....so hard.
The DNC should stop acting like they are entitled to our votes just because we supported Bernie. They aren't entitled to anything and have to earn our votes. The corruption and the effort to squelch opposing voices at the convention doesn't help. The whole at least she's not Trump shtick isn't convincing one bit.
Pelosi on whether the DNC treated Bernie fairly: "I think the people upset may have a valid point, but complaining about that is not a luxury this country can afford" -Nancy
Hillary's statement on DWS's resignation is repugnant.

https://www.hillaryclinton.com/briefing/statements/2016/07/24/hillary-clinton-statement-on-the-resignation-of-democratic-national-committee-chair-debbie-wasserman-schultz/
DNC Convention - "Hillary isn't as bad as Trump."
"Thank god they can fix this in post." I know it was a joke, but it kind of sums up the sentiment.
Wow. HUGE shoutout to the delegates.. 
Red Wedding vibe?
WARHAWK
Joseph Kennedy the Third, and the dynasties are coming in ...

Doesn't anyone else find it weird that a wife and husband became presidents of a country within a span of 20 years ...
You helped rig it. Where were you when Bernie needed you.
"For a true progressive..."

That guy has balls!
Warrens backdrop looks like a bunch of emails.
Seeing all these people in the crowd crying are fucking killing me. This is so fucked up.
Good job everyone for showing up. CNN is saying there's thousands of us protesting!
[removed]
WTF where is bernie?
First person talking about issues 
If TPP is bad, WHY ARE YOU ENDORSING HER??
Can someone please confirm this:
"I have just learned and I am receiving confirmation that the DNC plans to have the delegates vote on the nomination tomorrow at breakfast rather than on the convention floor in front of live news media and the eyes of the world!!!!!
This is an outrage!!!
Contact Bernie delegates to #RaiseSomeNoise
Do not let the DNC count ballots behind closed doors!"
https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=940562559414705&id=747754388695524
Oh I'm going to "vote like I've never, ever voted before" alright.  Green Party!
There were nos. But we're crazy if we try to claim they had it. That was a vote for unity.
It's amazing how much worse the MSNBC spin on this has been than even CNN.  MSNBC is making CNN look like Fox News in comparison.  What a joke MSNBC is.
[Debbie Wassermann Schultz has resigned as DNC chair!](http://www.cnn.com/2016/07/22/politics/dnc-wikileaks-emails/index.html)
Talking about Trump being a bully at the same time when Hillary's people are literally going through the audience confiscating Bernie signs and threatening to kick people out if they don't pipe down.

And now, let's praise Hillary for hitting 36 consecutive months of supporting LGBT rights.
Bernie delegates keep that shit up, you guys are awesome
Every speaker ; "Our family came to the US to acheive the American dream, Donald Trump is racist" no issues whatsoever. Just identity politics while they let the bankers and monied interests get away with whatever. Fuck Democrats and Republicans seriously.
Man. This whole convention is like seeing an ex with her new boyfriend.
PAINFUL CRINGE
The one thing Hillary's campaign and the DNC should not have done is cut/copy Trump and the RNC's attack platform lock stock and barrel.

Less talking about how bad Trump is. We already know this. Let's hear about some of your plans. We aren't the RNC. We don't fall for all that misdirection.

DNC right now: "It's Hillary or the literal end of the world."

Don't fall for it. Vote third party. Otherwise all the DNC has to do is prop up candidates that are just south of a nightmare. 
This is my second time ever watching a Periscope but [this one is being filmed by a fellow Berner](https://www.periscope.tv/w/1DXxyllrQDbJM) and he's pointing out where MSM is sitting, how many people are being kicked out, etc. Kudos to this good sir.
LMAO THEY ARE TALKING ABOUT SUBSTANCE OF SPEECHES NOW???
Everyone on stage is so confused.

"I told them all about how terrible the others guys were, but they didn't clap. What do I do?"
Great script, apparently TPP and Hillary are now good for the people
I still love you Bernie, but right now I can feel nothing but sorrow and disappointment. Gonna be hard deciding what to do come November. I know what I should do logically, but emotionally is an entirely different matter. :(
Wait...what just happened?
"We're all Democrats and we need to act like it!" -Marcia

Well if that's the case, then let me heckle and throw shade at your nominee the way the DNC did to Bernie during the primaries!
You can tell the chants got to her considering how she went off script and called us all ridiculous.
"WE TRUSTED YOU" - Bernie supporters chanting at Warren
[deleted]
Right now; Bernie signs being confiscated at the DNC  https://twitter.com/regated/status/757690019138117632
Support grassroots now? Funny taking that stance now that grassroots has effectively been shut down in your party this cycle. When it actually mattered.

I don't care about the future of the Dems party. I care about the future of the country. So what you are doing now effects me much more than what you say you will do in the future.
LGB? GB Q? Eh, fuck it close enough
You kind burnt that bridge by fucking over the entire millennial generation. . .
FDR is rolling over in his grave
#What happened to the people booing?
Could be bs but.... https://twitter.com/telesurenglish/status/757710535727144960
[Suits going through the crowd taking away Bernie signs and stickers. Sickening.](https://twitter.com/regated/status/757690019138117632)
Sorry, but Clinton loses on outsourcing, even to Trump. She is pro-TPP, Trump is anti-TPP. 

End of fucking story. 
***"Insult them, that's how we get them to vote for Hillary!"***
Is someone torturing this fucking singer?
We trusted you chanters +1
She says inside a building surrounded by a wall
And Hillary picked a pro-TPP centrist for VP. But Liz won't bring that up.
Except Hillary's VP is pro TPP. Soooo???
Atleast it's gonna be harder for Hillary people to blame Bernie when she inevitably loses to Drumpf in November.
My essential take is that the fight is not over. I for one am going to do everything I can to make Minnesota more left than it already is and to try and work to put into important political positions the people whom I think can uphold justice, ethics, and morals in a way that I consider reasonable. That's what all you should do, too.
It's so condescending when every speaker gets up there, praising Hillary by saying "only one candidate did X" or "only one candidate cares about Y". Not only is it not true, because Bernie Sanders was always two steps ahead of Hillary Clinton on social policy. But it is also very disrespectful to Bernie.
Look at the grin on Bernie Sanders face... It does not get more genuine than that. What a lovely person he is.
Didn't Bernie win NH by landslide? I hate this whole super delegate BS. 
Hillary just released her new slogan: *"Yeah, I know I suck. But hey, Trump is WAYYYY worse"*
The system is rigged so vote for Hillary. Lol. Wut
Where are these much needed WikiLeaks waves? Julian pls.
Bernie signs being confiscated at the DNC https://twitter.com/regated/status/757690019138117632
"The system is rigged"

Hillary supporters cheer 

wow. wooooow.
Ok we get it. Trump is dangerous.

So is your counterfiet progressive candidate Hillary.

Lip service, pandering, zero talk of policy.

Get Bernie up there! 
"We stand up to bullies..."

So Hillary?

"We double down on our values..."

So we should still vote for Sanders, and not give in to Hillary just because she's not Trump?
Dems constantly talking about fear and hate. When literally 90% of the convention so far has just been Anti-Trump propaganda and fear-mongering

This is comical
So are we just pretending the 3am attempt to disband this subreddit didn't happen? 
[deleted]
What the bullshit. MSNBC was watching the Bernie speech, he mentioned Hillary and the crowd went apeshit. So they cut to "breaking news" about Debbie not taking the stage tonight .... 

Fucking perceived acceptance. They want to drown us out.
There is no fucking unity.
They KEEP on pushing the narrative that we need to unite to defeat Trump, but they continuously ignore that the best candidate to rally around is BERNIE. Defeating Trump is definitely a priority for anyone on the left, but for the Democrats, electing Hillary takes precedence. And that will ultimately be their downfall
I donated so much but money to Bernie & love the guy for opening my eyes to the depths of the corruption between Clintons & the corporate media, but sorry NEVERVOTINGCLINTON.  I just can't want this in a president.
Just look at the cheers when he spoke about the issues.
It could be so easy all we needed is Bernie as a candidate with substance and policy as our weapon and it would crush the GOP and Trump.

Instead money and Clinton's ego are more important at the risk of Trump and a party split.
So, this is actually really sad. Here I'm sat listening to some nice words and I cannot find any joy in them because it's all in the name of supporting a person that doesn't give a single fuck about any of it.

How sad to see this opportunity comletely wasted and corrupted.
These speakers are blatantly lying
No roll call on the floor now?  This is fucked.

https://twitter.com/KaydeeKing/status/757737805212684288
Minnesota overwhelmingly voted for Bernie.

Get your shit together Franken!!
[removed]
So, Paul Simon has to be like "Fuck! I got to go out after THAT SHITSHOW?"
lol I thought this was the guy from Key and Peele
WARHAWK
yea warhawk!!!
Corey Booker is just jerking himself off here. He isn't selling Hillary Clinton at all. We Will Rise even sounds like his 2020 campaign slogan. 

He's Ted Cruz.
WE TRUSTED YOU!!!!
RNC: Be scared of immigrants and Muslims.

DNC: Be scared of Trump.
I can't believe Warren just said Hillary will weed out corruption like WTF
I'd put down $500 to predict that the TPP gets passed in the lame duck session, with Hillary's blessing.
And that, is probably that.

I loathe the Clintons, so much damage to the progressive agenda.
Help, I just saw this on Delegates for Bernie Sanders.  Changing the roll call vote? 

"Reposting:
I have just learned and I am receiving confirmation that the DNC plans to have the delegates vote on the nomination tomorrow at breakfast rather than on the convention floor in front of live news media and the eyes of the world!!!!!
This is an outrage!!!
Contact Bernie delegates to #RaiseSomeNoise
Do not let the DNC count ballots behind closed doors!"
**I AM A WOMAN SENATOR ABOUT TO NOMINATE THE FIRST WOMAN PRESIDENT AS A WOMAN FOR ALL THE WOMEN IN AMERICA ON BEHALF OF WOMEN**

Democratic "We don't create barriers" Party
This is super depressing. All of these deluded people excited about a politician that is going to cater only to the top .00001% and kill tens of thousands of the bottom .00001% in the Middle East.
FUCKING RIGGED, HAWAII.

WE GOT 70% IN THE HAWAII CAUCUS, NOW WE GOT ONLY 54%
It's been a pleasure fighting with you all. Phone banking, donating,  meme making,  lifting each other up. If this sub really does get removed, you all have made a huge difference in my life and inspired me to do more. Thank you!!!! 
Happy to be a part of this election. I kinda owe it to Bernie Sanders for helping me learn more about the american political climate and what not. I owe him that and thank him. 
*"Where is this losing country he keeps talking about?"*  
-below your tax bracket. 
"We trusted you"
Now I get down on my knees and begin to pray (and I ain't religious) that Wikileaks puts out something amazing before 10am roll call vote tomorrow 
"Renew faith in government" ... by electing Hillary Clinton. 68% of Americans think she is untrustworthy.
Bernie supporters are the fucking best.
You know a man is loved when he is cheered for 5 min and says thank you over and over.
Now Bernie is getting pressured by the Clinton campaign to be the guy to get up and *nominate* Clinton after the roll call?

Mind boggling.  Where is this going to end?

"OK Bernie.  Good job. Next we're going to need you to denounce anyone who ever supported you."

"OK Bernie.  Good job. Next we're going to need you to stand on stage and castrate yourself."

He was conspired against a hundred different ways, including most egregiously a fundraising scheme that funneled millions of state donations to Clinton while Bernie was hustling getting $27 from everyone and he not only endorsed before the convention, he's turned into Clinton's servile lapdog.
Hillary Clinton & the DNC backstabbed us, and now they want us to fall on the grenade for them. I'd be willing to vote for a non-progressive Democratic candidate in order to "stop Trump", but the degree to which they screwed us over is unforgivable. They did this to themselves, and I'm not helping them get out of the hole that they dug.
I'm mexican american is this pandering is annoying the crap out of me.
[deleted]
Bernie's playing the political hand he's got to the best of his ability. 

Yes, a HUGE part of me wanted him to press for the nomination, but he's aware of reality and is choosing the path he feels has the best chance of getting the results he's after over the next 4-8 years.

Plus, if wikileaks drops a bomb in the next couple days, he's played this perfectly to be nominated. (Please, please)

MSNBC Interviewing a Bernie Delegate

"Did Bernie convince you to vote for Hillary?"

"No....."

Lol, failed attempt at making it look like we're falling in line.

2nd person just also said they weren't convinced. I love these people.
Not a Sanders supporter but I wanna wish you guys luck, I guess I say this out of partisanship anyway but the DNC don't deserve to get away with what they did here in my opinion. This level of corruption at such a high level of government is a scary thing for the rest of the world. 
I know this will never happen in a million years but damn it would be glorious if Bernie used his speech to rip Hillary and the DNC a new asshole.
I'm still cringing over that Silverman/Franken scene. I hope someone uploads it to /r/cringe. Particularly the part where Franken started with the "Hillary" chant.
I didn't think I'd get emotional, but when I thought about all of the people around the country that donated and phone banked with us, I couldn't hold back tears. Millions of everyday people put in countless hours, and literally their blood, sweat, and tears to make a progressive movement a true reality. We worked against the most powerful forces in the country, and came so close to pulling it off... I just can't believe that anyone who has watched this campaign grow over the last year, and watched Bernie speak about the issues like he did tonight could have possibly ended up going the other way.  
Despite all that, Iv'e had such a great time over the last year volunteering, and watching the events unfold right here with all of you. It has no doubt changed my life forever.

Never forget that together we changed the country, and more importantly **we're not done yet.** 
Watching this sucked. Democracy was destroyed and everyone is acting like it's alright. I am a strong supporter of Bernie but watching this political process; how corrupt and rigged it was, especially after the DNC leaks, I just can't vote for Hillary Clinton on a good conscious. This isn't about Bernie, Clinton, or even their policies anymore. This is about principles.
CNN is saying that Bernie was booed over his stump speech lol.
They're spoon feeding us what they want us to hear. It's too late people. Fuck your unity commission. 
Your mexican grandmother would be ashamed of what you're doing lady, don't kid yourself.
....bringing fucking Harry Potter into this??? Yes, let's just try to reel that millennial vote right in.
Pander, pander, pander, HILLARY, pander, pander, bullshite, bullshite, pander, bullshite
 
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!


the LGDBQ community must be thrilled that the Dems have their back
Kaine supports the TPP though?
We get it, you have a hispanic background. You don't really need to randomly say a sentence in Spanish and overemphasize the Garcia in your name.
No matter how much they say, all I'm hearing is "War On Drugs, Phase 2"
Guys get ready for later in the convention when everyone does the Whip and NAE NAE. THE MILLENNIALS LOVE IT! For an added bonus we're going to be doing it in Spanish!
Does anybody know what time Giant Meteor is scheduled to speak?
Am I hearing this right? Sarah Silverman will be speaking at the convention? Sarah please roast someone.
WTF was that microwave statement?
Hillary's people really have bad judgement. Whose idea was this Silverman/Franken stint?
Did all of them just look at their speeches after wikileaks and say yeah i'm still good with all this.
This one is especially funny, considering Michelle is on the record for *hating* HRC. She wanted Biden to run against her.
Michelle's speech seems insincere. She's taking little jabs at Bernie supporters. Very sad.
When is Lincoln Chafee speaking?
# STILL SANDERS
God damn it I hate it whenever any politician talks about 'having the nuclear codes at their fingertips' or 'having their finger on the button'.  It's so reductive and it's like they're talking about a freaking cartoon or something.
WE TRUSTED YOU

WE TRUSTED YOU
"The system is rigged.... Ladies and gentleman... Hillary Clinton."
This country is so fucked man 
Hypocrisy is real.
What the fuck is she on about?
How can Elizabeth Warren actually say what "we believe" in and then in the next breath say that Hillary Clinton is the person to uphold our values.

Hillary is the direct opposite of everything Warren just said, and anyone with half a brain knows it.
Saw people crying in the audience. I'm so sad.
the speech will end with "Hillary Clinton will make an outstanding president and I am proud to stand with her here tonight."

**I DON'T WANT TO BELIEVE.**
I saw a girl crying.. damn this is so hard to watch
Why is it that they keep appealing to former Bernie supporters who won't support Hillary "not to sit it out". These people are passionate and enthusiastic. 
Most I have spoken to will be writing in Bernie or voting Jill Stein, but they definitely still want to vote. 
Nice Jill Stien saying Bernie sanders campaign was sabotaged in MSNBC. Yes!!!!
I LOVE that Tulsi was the one(?) person with the guts to stick with Bernie and not give some phony endorsement of Hillary!!!
Holy shit, Fudge. Could you look any more pissed off?
We are outside the Wells Fargo yelling out hearts out. NOMINATE SANDERS!!!
What the fuck is this a commercial or smth?
Yeah, all you southern states - you aint' goin' blue in Nov without Bernie Sanders.
"a true progressive and the father of the political revolution!!!!"
I thought bernie won indiana

I love how the original vote was a 54-46 split but thanks to the supers it's now a 62-38 split
Well there it is, love you guys we did all we could. Bernie was an amazing nominee even with the odds stacked against him and us. He has said it over again that we should continue our movement and so we shall. It is our jobs to continue what he started with or without him, but must never forget what he has done for us.
"We don't manufacture fear. That's a sign of weakness.", 2 minutes later they show propaganda on screen with the sole purpose of manufacturing fear.
I can't imagine any of you on this thread are there, but thank you Bernie Supporters at the Convention who are creating this ruckus. Fuck the system.
DNC is now confiscating Bernie signs 
https://twitter.com/regated/status/757690019138117632

Please help get the word out guys.
The Bernie delegates are so inspiring. Let everyone know that we will NEVER be silenced!

Chants of "war hawk, war hawk" are audible on the C-SPAN radio stream.

DNC making sure I never vote democrat again.
Julian, release the fucking leaks 
Just please do not let this keep you from voting. Whether its for Hillary Clinton or Jill Stein get to the polls and vote for progressives up and down the ballot. 
I'm waiting for roll call. But after that, I'm off to donate and volunteer for Jill Stein.

I fully appreciate why people might feel they have to vote for Clinton, and I don't fault you for it. But my own bottom line got crossed long, long ago. The only way I can endure 4 years of whoever is with the hope that third parties have a chance next time. That's worth fighting for right now, and for the next 8 years.
It's been an adventure. Sadly, all adventures end, and some end in failure. I will never forget you all. I still remember staying up to midnight and screwing around with you guys on the primary mega threads. I wish you all luck wherever you end up. Bernie is my hero, and I am so glad that he brought us all together.

THE POLITICAL REVOLUTION CONTINUES!!!!!
[deleted]
Why is there not a push button system to vote? Hell, who wants to be a millionaire has it, why are we yelling,
My 2 yo daughter is assisting the crowd in booing lol
Everything is about "UNITY".  This whole convention is going to be about social issues with no mention corruption... money in politics... TPP... 
Clinton is not even on the same fucking tier as FDR
FUCK OFF
I'm living for the "Bernie! Bernie!" shouters ...
THEY WOULD KNOW SOME SHIT ABOUT RIGGING AMIRITE? 
I hear the boos
Instead of 2 minutes of hate, they could play how thier policies have helped and will help.

The more they show trump, the more attention they give him.
lmao "before i  publicly came out i first came out to the clintons"

Somehow I don't believe that.
I can't watch this anymore....
*"Hillary Clinton is battle tested"*  
-literally, and she failed gloriously. 
Does he not know Minnesota voted 62% for Bernie or is he in someone's pocket
HOLY SHIT THIS IS AMAZING!
HAHAHAHAHHAHA
Literally singing Bridge Over Troubled Water.
Song and montage sequence to help people forget about what just happened. Maybe now is when they're escorting Bernie supporters out :) Room is nice and dark. "Sir, come with me, you were chanting for Bernie."
"Hillary Clinton is the most qualified president ever."

James Buchanan was the most qualified president ever. That turned out well right?
Bernie has been fighting for equality since before Michelle was born. But right someone who spent their young adult political years campaigning for Barry Fucking Goldwater is someone who we can trust as president. 
Why are we being lectured to? Did I miss something/ I could have swore it was the DNC and Hillary camp colluding against us. All these speeches either focus on Trump or chastise us for being "ridiculous".
Where is Bernie??
"We trusted you" chant going strong. 
**GOD BLESS YOU BERNIE DELEGATES**
"WE TRUSTED YOU!"
ooohhhh boyyyy

STOP MENTIONING "YOUNG PEOPLE." You did not endorse the candidate that had our best interests at heart when he needed you most.
Thanks for reminding us about all the bullshit that Hillary wont fix benedict
I am so tired of hearing about Donald Trump at the Democratic convention. He has been mentioned about 1000x more than Bernie.
It's like there's so little good to say about clinton, that no one even wants to talk about her.
I find it ironic that lots of Dems criticized the Republicans for having almost all of their speakers chastise Hillary, when literally every single speaker that has spoken tonight bashed Trump. You shouldn't be bashing Trump. You guys should be wooing us Sanders supporters. 
Holy fucking shit everybody is a complete sellout.
God dammit. I want to like Warren but why did she have to sell out.
Now that you mention it, Elizabeth, I haven't heard a single idea tonight, either.
Unless he goes off-script at some point, he's endorsing Hillary. 
[deleted]
Hillary loooooooooooooooooovvvvvvvvvves her TPP and the millions she was paid to push it through.
Hillary's goal will be to desperately make sure the TPP makes it through a lame duck session.
I hope all his delegates, and then some vote for him at roll call.  I also hope Wikileaks releases something damaging to Hillary before the vote tomorrow.  He's playing ball to see some changes made during her presidency, but she is so untrustworthy.  This is hard to watch go down.
I wonder how many supporters are going to have their credentials canceled overnight? I really don't trust the convention to do the right thing. 
Boooooo. Separation of Church and State. 
I wish my senator had guts like tulsi
Alabama Results: 77% Hillary

Delegate Results: 85% Hillary
Shameful that chants for Hillary are allowed, but Bernie chants are tuned out.
I might have got something in my eye when Larry was speaking too. Proud to have voted for Bernie in the Democrats Abroad primary! 
"First woman to be nominated by any party [...]" - that lady just lied.
I've never been had so many questions watching an election process. Remind me again, why do we have super delegates? 
I just wanted to take the moment to say that I'll miss all y'all. This has been quite the ride. We've fought together, yelled together, cried together. Until 2020...the struggle continues. Onwards and upwards! 
[deleted]
Any state we won in a landslide is close from Superdelegates, and any close contest is a blowout for Hillary. How *democratic.*
Even though he won by about 40,000 votes, we're gonna give 'em about equal delegates - Minnesota 
"Honest Hillary Clinton"

Dripping with sarcasm if you ask me. :D
New Hampshire, where Bernie absolutely trampled Hillary in every single demographic, making history while he did so  and she gets equal votes to his: 16 to 16. 

I cannot describe how disgusted I feel right now. 
Lol, North Dakota don't give a fuuuck
FUCK YES WASHINGTON!!!!
remember how we won ever county in WV? that now means nothing
I'm glad Bernie did it himself and didn't make the delegates do it. He's such a respectable man - he'd make a great President. I truly hope he runs in 2020 if Hillary loses - even though he'll be really old and that's all people would talk about (we said the same thing this year though and look...)
TYT are covering the protest.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enatqKAlbZA
Lots of empty seats shown on cspan fyi. Although obviously they're trying not to show. Looks like an entire delegation section walked out. 
[deleted]
#Video of shot of Bernie supporters with duct tape on their mouths: https://youtu.be/rviuF9jJAUY?t=50

#The writing on the duct tape says "SILENCED BY DNC".
Nothing about TPP. Medicare, Open internet ..just race and Trump!! Clinton! Trump Clinton
Hillary Clinton... against gay marriage until the age of 66. She was collecting social fucking security when she 'evolved'. 
It comes from a very ancient democracy, you see..."

"You mean, it comes from a world of lizards?"

"No," said Ford, who by this time was a little more rational and coherent than he had been, having finally had the coffee forced down him, "nothing so simple. Nothing anything like so straightforward. On its world, the people are people. The leaders are lizards. The people hate the lizards and the lizards rule the people."

"Odd," said Arthur, "I thought you said it was a democracy."

"I did," said Ford. "It is."

"So," said Arthur, hoping he wasn't sounding ridiculously obtuse, "why don't people get rid of the lizards?"

"It honestly doesn't occur to them," said Ford. "They've all got the vote, so they all pretty much assume that the government they've voted in more or less approximates to the government they want."

"You mean they actually vote for the lizards?"

"Oh yes," said Ford with a shrug, "of course."

"But," said Arthur, going for the big one again, "why?"

"Because if they didn't vote for a lizard," said Ford, "the wrong lizard might get in. Got any gin?"

"What?"

"I said," said Ford, with an increasing air of urgency creeping into his voice, "have you got any gin?"

"I'll look. Tell me about the lizards."

Ford shrugged again.

"Some people say that the lizards are the best thing that ever happenned to them," he said. "They're completely wrong of course, completely and utterly wrong, but someone's got to say it."

"But that's terrible," said Arthur.

"Listen, bud," said Ford, "if I had one Altairian dollar for every time I heard one bit of the Universe look at another bit of the Universe and say 'That's terrible' I wouldn't be sitting here like a lemon looking for a gin.


 Douglas Adams, So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish

Sorry that's a bit long, but i feel it has a profound message and should be read
He won Indiana and Hillary gets more delegates... that makes sense. What a farce.
Every single speaker gives all of Bernies policies and then says vote for Clinton. It's a fucking joke.
Holy shit. They tried to drown out "Bernie" chanting by saying "Hillary" and "unity"

The DNC can't even unify two people
"We don't build walls here!" 

Expect around the convention?
#ASK THE SUPER DELEGATES TO SWITCH SIDES
"We need to do what we did 8 years ago and 4 years ago!" 

You mean not vote for Hillary?
"Not the size of a donors check" uh oh someone went off script.
The most enjoyable thing about all of this are the DNC's efforts to silence the Bernie crowd. Silence them all you want, how is that going to make them vote for you?

Seems like Hillary is handing the election on a silver platter to Mr. Trump.
What ever came from the wiki leaks that revealed Hillarys camp coordinated with super PACs and media, on a weekly basis? That is very illegal and involved top HRC people. Also what about the email about giving out political positions based on how much money u donate? Both are highly illegal.
Wow!! Just watched the DWS speech live and was impressed by all the chanting and protesting, even some Bernie signs in there. Completely destroyed her speech. Good job!

Anyone have a YouTube link to it? This is going to be a really entertaining convention.

Edit: CBSN reports there are 1,000 Bernie supporters marching toward the convention center. They're also re-airing clips of the protesting during the DWS speech along with commentary: http://www.cbsnews.com/live/

Edit2: Video here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRbBVULW73M&t=3m4s
We want bernie chant. just gave me chills. he had to stop for 30 seconds. he has to know his people arent behind her.
Hahaha, this is great to watch, love the Bernie supporters giving these corrupt turds hell.

<3
Hillary Clinton - this is your time - BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
"I want you to be respectful of me". What a crock of shit! They didn't respect our voices. Also, the line "we're all democrats and have to act like it" is such bullshit. 
Apologies in elections are worthless.  They fisted us and we can't be unfisted without Bernie running, which doesn't appear to be happening.  They rigged it, ridiculed us for believing our lyin eyes, and now want us to jump on board.  Shit ain't funny anymore.
voice votes are the stupidest fucking thing. 
HISPANDERING
So the No's sounded much louder everyone seems to agree. Its 2016 and we still rely on yelling. How can you get an accurate count from that.
2/3 doesn't sound like 100%
The booing needs to be louder.
This is what democracy looks like?

People getting picked via illegal shenanigans to support a candidate that didn't earn all of those people?
remember when the MSM said that the republican party would be a shit- show and he DNC would unite together in unity? pepperidge farm remembers 
"This is a democratic party convention .. we don't silence our voices" (while CNN is silencing the crowd in the background) SMH
We need just one person to break script. Just one person to call for a roll call vote and upset the status quo. 
The respectful supporters are getting their signs taken away...
DNC (staff?) taking pro-Bernie signs from Bernie supporters.

https://twitter.com/regated/status/757690019138117632 
https://twitter.com/davidsirota/status/757681105466036224

"CT governor gets opening nite DNC speaking role as his admin is engulfed in an ethics probe"

Can't believe they have the balls to put this guy on the stage. Jesus. It's like one more slap in the face. We're corrupt. Deal with it.
Giant Meteor 2016
DNC has some serious balls coming up on the stage, talking about corruption with the GOP. Probably best that you talk about the corruption in your own party but yeaaaah, that's never gonna happen...
This is coming directly as a response to the whole "Hispanics are the most brand loyal people" bullshit from the leaks. This just screams pandering.
Bernie supporters "Silenced" by the DNC: http://i.imgur.com/JExQUG4.jpg
"I believe that we can win" *fucking cringe*
Did they just play[ Sellout](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AEKbFMvkLIc) HAHAHAHAHAA
Seeing an older establishment woman come out to ska is cringy. 
DNC: Republicans are the party of fear! 
DNC: Trump is Hitler and the Soviets are attacking!
Rachel Maddow has been the biggest let down this election cycle. 
Hillary said she would deport children from war torn countries to "send a message"
God this whole democratic convention seems to be solely about defeating Trump, maybe they should change the name. You know you have shit front runner nominee, when their campaign is "V ote for me, so that this guy would not win"


Really not into using little kids in a situation like that. It's way too intense for a child and she barely knows what she's saying.
Like someone said in the /r/politics thread.

There are 25 Hispanic Democrats in Congress, I wouldn't be surprised if we see every single one of them.
They found a gay black man and a black man married to a hispanic woman. That's 4 birds with two stones. I hope they don't think all this pandering is paying off.
And now I feel like I'm watching a commercial for ITT Tech...
Yeah and the DNC didn't try to use Bernie's religion as an attack in southern states...

Ohh wait they did just read the leaked E-Mails.
Is this a fucking roast?
Uh oh CTR is here.
You can see the internal conflict


Is this effecting peoples lives or is this an award show.
Notice it's always "fight FOR her" and not "fight WITH her"
Rumor is they are going to hide the roll call vote by doing it at the breakfast and will allow even less Bernie supporters in after today. Probably why you are hearing the "it's raucous today but it will settle down" narrative 
Literally now have evidence Bernie was cheated out of nomination, but if you say it you're still "ridiculous"
While you're listening to Cory Booker speak, keep this in mind...

>Newark Mayor Cory Booker made more than $1.3 million since 2008 giving 90 speeches to colleges, companies and non-profits in 32 states, his campaign for U.S. Senate revealed Friday.

He's cut from the same cloth as Hillary. [Source](http://www.northjersey.com/news/newark-mayor-cory-booker-discloses-finances-to-the-public-1.599193)
MICHELLE OBAMA DESERVES BETTER INTRO MUSIC
"We go high" Oh really? Is that why you've been talking about him literally all day long?
A life of public service -- like Bernie??
> "And that is why *in this election* I'm with her."

Michelle Obama.
She would say the same exact thing no matter who the nominee was.  It's all so fucking fake.
Did Michelle Obama just roll her eyes when saying Hillary's name???
Seriously why does everyone speaking look like they've had their family threatened or something 
Never gonna give you up!
When is Bernie speaking? 
Quote of the night by Warren " The system is rigged" no fucking shit, your party rigged it!
This is heartbreaking.
Guys, wait... is Donald Trump bad or something?
You know your convention sucks when you talk more about your opponent than your platform.
lets blow up both parties and reform everything 
Every time they bring up LGBT equality the video of Hillary saying that marriage is between one man and one woman pops in my head.  Some people have some seriously short memories.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA MONEY OUT OF POLITICS HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ROOT OUT CORRUPTION OMGGG HAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAA
HIllary will fight unfair free trade agreements

Hillary will overturn citizens untied

Hillary will break up big banks


Hahahaha, i see Liz is packing good jokes, actually made me laugh
His whole speech is going to be saying thank you.

Which is just fine by me.
I know the end is coming but I really want him to go off script.
Did they really have to cut to Bills smug fucking face after that 
Bernie supports .000000001% Goldman Girl !!!!

I can't vote for that. I will have to trust in the alternative. Too much fear mongering. 
Gotta love these close ups of the crying faces shaking their heads
He's putting the ball in her court. He's basically saying you're going to do these things right? Because if you do then we're good. It's a smart move for someone who understands it's rigged against him. 
I can guarantee that Hillary won't possibly conjure a heartfelt, sincere response like this when she speaks. I'm so sad just thinking of what could have been. This gem of a person could have been our president. 
Hillary still hasn't released the Goldman Sachs speech transcripts
They keep showing Bill.. Lol
Oh god breaking my heart tonight bernie.
Bill Clinton looking truly pleased with himself.
Wonder how many people will checkout of politics after tonight.
Seeing them cry was sad. I just have Whitney Houston's "Didn't We Almost Have It All?" playing in my head.
Tulsi is so amazing
She's got a Birdie pin on!
Bernie's crying. Now I'm crying. I just want to hug him. 
Bernie looks like he's going to cry :(
YES!!!!! ANOTHER ONE FOR BERNIE!!!!
Brothers and sisters, can we get #NominateBernie trending? As a show of solidarity? To show the world that we still have hope for a peaceful world under President Sanders? 
All HRC speakers have talked about themselves. Bernie's didn't.
Anyone else feel like Hillary shattering this glass ceiling just means broken glass for everyone else?
Larry Sanders just completely shattered my heart. 
Bernie wins Michigan but loses delegates 81-66

Gotta love Democracy
If HRC wins the general, anyone want to make bets on her first back-stab to progressives? Lots to choose from...

May as well turn this into a drinking game.
I'm hoping Vermont just rushes the stage
Clinton: **2084** | 
Sanders: **1337** _leet_

Difference: **747** _boeing_
Ah gosh, I'm already crying. Heartbreaking..
All Bernie delegations are reportedly walking out in protest, and each state's whip is going to make a statement I think:

https://www.periscope.tv/adairschmidtPS/1rmGPDREeVLGN
Everyone DO NOT FORGET that there are Congressional elections in the fall. If you're even thinking about not voting **DO NOT GIVE UP!** These Congressional elections are even more important than the Presidency and this is where the Revolution really makes a difference.
Is it only me that finds it fucked up that someone who actively did nothing in times of crisis/fought against homosexual rights for decades, is being praised as a champion for said rights?
**We're ridiculous to not support somebody with more ties to corporate greed than Donald Trump, who has literally caused the deaths of 100s of people, whose family has taken OVER 2 BILLION DOLLARS in political bribes?**
"Leaving something better for our kids."  Enjoy TPP, fracking, increased money in politics, and more war, kiddies.  Your abuela loves you.
DNC gets caught busting the Bernie campaign, yet she's still forced upon us and if we don't vote for her WE'RE the problem. I hate politics.
Guys it's okay, the DNC just issued an apology for the content of the leaked emails. Totally makes up for all the time, money and energy spent supporting a candidate they actively against, right? /s
This is honestly so pathetic. Everyone is so fake. How can they just choose to ignore the emails? America honestly deserves Trump after this shit show... 
WikiLeaks hurry the fuck up. I want to see these guys scrambling
Jesus Christ we get it. You're not white. Is this literally the only thing the DNC has to talk about?
Practically the entire state of NH voted for Bernie and here she is speaking for Hilary.
Environment! Global Warming! Vote for Fracking Queen!

PUKE, SHUDDER, CRINGE AND PUKE AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Did I just hear a "BULLSHIT" chant?????
you know what? Bernie doesn't owe this stupid party anything, I hope his speech throws major shade.
"we need to choose the person who could guide our young children into the future of this nation" so ummm.. bernie sanders?
"And because of Hillary Clinton, who knows how many women and children lie in pieces all over the middle east to put money in her wealthy friends' pockets."

She missed this part.
Uh Warren, you do know Clinton was one the people who benefited from the 2008 crash. 
They built a wall around the convention...
don't do it bernie.  don't do it
**PLEASE GO OFF SCRIPT**
The way he walked to the back with his head down was even more depressing.
Jesus Christ, polling data shows that Trump is beating Hillary.
Then you got the DNC leak which is shows Hillary in a very terrible light.
And worst of all is that Trump hasn't even officially started debating/attacking her yet.

This DNC speech needs to be a fucking miracle.

If the polls get even worse, then Hillary should quit and have Sanders take over the candidacy. 
I fucking love what's going on right now.

This is amazing display of people being sick and tired of bullshit.

Disrupt the entire night. Don't let them have it easy.
Apparently Bernie sent an SMS to his attending delegates, asking them not to cause a row. What a strange man he is. Begins a revolution then abruptly wishes to tuck it back into the box.
God they're spewing such fucking lies. "The grassroots has a seat at the table!" Except for rigging EVERYTHING against them.
[deleted]
To be honest, I hope the loudest booes tonight are when Bernie says to support Hillary. I want every person watching to understand how pissed off Bernie supporters are.
# YOU'RE BEING RIDICULOUS
Barack Obama, 2008, on Hillary Clinton:

>Shell say anything, and change nothing.
What's amazing is that 4 years ago, we'd all been swallowing this lip service. Bernie has changed everything.
That man should be the next POTUS.. it makes my blood boil thinking about they screwed us over!
[deleted]
You can't fear monger me. You told me not to fall for that
Hillary = TPP
Bernie, you're the best, but no sale.  Won't do it.
I promise you Indiana will not go blue...
# Clinton friend McAuliffe says Clinton will flip on TPP  
http://www.politico.com/story/2016/07/terry-mcauliffe-hillary-clinton-tpp-trade-226253  

  
# Chamber of Commerce Lobbyist Tom Donohue: Clinton Will Support TPP After Election  
  
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/robert-naiman/chamber-of-commerce-lobby_b_9104096.html

Fam I can't stop watching Larry vote for Bernie. So many tears
I'm proud of every Bernie supporter there who is making their displeasure heard, loudly. We will not go quietly into the night.
I'm loving the boos! BERNIE BERNIE BERNIE!
Oh my god I'm in love with the Bernie delegates!
Holy shit she's dumb enough to try to lecture them haha! This is gonna be great. 
CHANTS WERE: "count those votes!"
"The Chair determines that the ayes have it"

Of course she does. There could have been one "aye" and she'd say that.

And why did they skip the rules?

Stay strong Bernie delegates, we voted for you to represent us, we hate this ticket. Much love to you all!
As a latino this pandering is draining my soul
Those Bernie-chants. I'm getting goose bumps. Clear as day Bernie was the more popular candidate, but got robbed of the presidency.
What happened in the primaries wasn't democracy..
The sour looks on the faces of those Hillary supporters. It's delicious!
\>The Chair determines that the ayes have it.

This is going to be increasingly more infuriating to hear as the night moves on
Hillary's name is getting booed at her own convention. Both hysterical and historical.
Imagine if one of the Bernie people went off script with a 'fuck this shit' moment and said Bernie is our only chance.  The crowd would go nuts I bet.
They are chanting - Bernie - he tries to supersede them with Hillary - ends up looking like a jack ass. 
BERNIE

BERNIE

BERNIE

^*hillary*

LMAO
You can't compare JFK to HRC. Nice try.
Notice that: The crowd ONLY chants Hillary in order to mask those chanting Bernie. 
This is the guy to boo
Yeah, Hillary will definitely fix the rigged system! Not like she rigged it herself... /s
Can't wait til they explain the discrepancies in all those exit polls...
I've heard more about Trump so far than Clinton, what a joke.
They really having Demi Lovato speak? 

She once was asked what her favorite dish was and answered "a cup"

Brilliant choice
So far no mention of the TTP, money in politics, Citizens United, single payer healthcare, college reform just immigration and Trump is a bully.
WOah 4 out of 1000 companies bankrupt what a failure of a businessman
I've got a tab open to WikiLeak's twitter. Every time that (1) comes up without anything new I die a little inside.
Hillary cares about addicts, but cares more about the pharmaceutical companies 
The sad thing is I can't stop imagine Hillary dancing and cackling to this.
Obama deported more people than any president..at know know the facts
https://www.thenation.com/article/the-clinton-backed-honduran-regime-is-picking-off-indigenous-leaders/

Don't forget people. Never forget. 
[deleted]
nothing says I paid to get up here like saying I paid to be up here.
Are there actually people out there in America that get charged up by what they are seeing at this convention?  This is pathetic.
More identity politics. Yay. That's what everyone cares about.
"Hillary's America"

What fucking arrogance.
Is it just me or are all these speakers equally as competent as the DNC staffers whose emails have been leaked? I think a 12 year old could write more interesting speeches
All speakers so far TL;DR:

Hillary isn't Trump. 
This anti-Trump rhetoric has no substance whatsoever.
I didn't know I was watching "The Roast of Donald Trump"
This party is fucked, I sense a party split within the next few election cycles.
The "Stronger Together" spin would make more sense if Hillary picked Bernie as her VP, but she didn't so...
I said Bernie should go green and see what happens.  Apparently I am campaigning for another Bernie. Jesus. 

Hi there. I've removed your post because it appears that you are trying to use /r/SandersForPresident to campaign for other candidates. Thanks auto moderator for your hard work. 
Sellout Silverman
HAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHA
The cringe has happened
THEY JUST MUTED THE MICS!
Unity! Like Simon and Garfunkel....oh yeah that's right.
Hillary talking about drug addiction and the suffering of drug addicts? FUCKING DESPICABLE!!!! As foreign secretary she pursued policy of pressuring other countries to not adopt more liberal drug policies, like Mexico. 

This is a fucking joke, by far i feel the most insulted by this statement in the convention. Despicable!!!
PSA C-SPAN RADIO HAS ALL THE CROWD MICS.  None of the networks or C-SPAN TV have the same mic noise from the Bernie Sanders delegates.


YOU'RE MISSING THE BERNIE CHANTS.
The amount of people saying just get over the fact that this election was rigged against Sanders when they were calling us all crazy for suggesting it is just sickening. Now it's proven and they say get over it. This is how a revolution is started vote 3rd Party let Trump win and let the DNC clean house to gain back integrity and try to earn back the respect of the voters. Trump will be a wake up call for the people to get more active in the political system and keep vigilant against corruption. America deserves Trump, from the people saying pick the less evil to the ones saying just get over it, you did this. It's not the people who stick to their principles that are the problem it's the ones that sell out their morals to pick the lesser evil and reward the corruption with their vote. Bern down the DNC!
Booker already trying too hard to Bama-magic his speech. 

Future establishment roadblock right here. 
So only one or two people all night have so much as mentioned Sanders' name, and one of them was Sarah Silverman.


This feels less like a convention and more like a religious intervention where they get all their bible-thumping friends together and use empty threats and peer pressure to convert you.
She did not seem happy saying that
\>WE TRUSTED YOU

lol
Do people only ever have super generic feel good bullshit to say about Hillary?
"The system is rigged.... and I'm here to support the woman responsible for it"
Warren up there talking about the system being rigged, but let's vote for Hillary!
This woman is fucking hallucinating right now.
[removed]
I don't know if I want Bernie to come out. I know he has to endorse Hillary but I don't know if I can take listening to him selling out.
IF HILLARY RELEASES HER TRANSCRIPTS I WILL VOTE FOR HER, DOUBT IT THO 
Bill Clinton was able to pass right wing legislation that Republican Presidents only dreamed of passing. Hillary Clinton will do the same thing which makes her even more dangerous than Trump... if he proposed the same legislation it wouldn't go anywhere. 
Jake Tapper is right. The positive messages have been the best of them. That was not the best Warren and I wasn't a fan of the scare tactics last week nor today.
Fuck... here we go... 

Been an honor and a privilege. 
The opportunity wasted. The DNC stole this man from us. Fuck the DNC.
THANK YOUUU! *15 minutes later* THANK YOUUUU!
I LOVE YOU BERNIE

YOU HAVE DONE MORE FOR US IN SEVERAL MONTHS THAN ANY MODERN POLITICIAN, YOU HAVE CHANGED THE HEARTS OF US PEOPLE AND YOU HAVE BROUGHT DEMOCRACY BACK TO SO MANY OF US
"I think it's fair to say no one is more disappointed than I am." 

Reddit would have me to believe otherwise haha
Time to hear about the issues for one last time... don't know if we will actually hear about them for the rest of the election, considering the two nominees engage in stupid Twitter wars.
I wonder how many of those Hillary fans have ever heard Bernie speak before? Maybe if they listen, they will understand why we love him.
Boo her more!!
Damn. He's got grown men crying.
Bernie has inspired a generation. We're gonna have a damn good president in a decade or two
If you really want to be depressed imagine Hillary's smug look while watching this- *shudders*
Lol, I love the flat out "NO" on MSNBC.
This girl on MSNBC is my hero right now.
The major problemone of the major problems, for there are severalone of the many major problems with governing people is that of whom you get to do it; or rather of who manages to get people to let them do it to them. 

To summarize: it is a well-known fact that those people who must want to rule people are, ipso facto, those least suited to do it. 

To summarize the summary: anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job. 
 Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe

edit:formatting
they just said on msnbc that: tonight at the roll call all the states are going to give their vote totals. Vermont is going last and going to call for clinton nomination by acclamation. wiping out all the previous votes and unanimously electing clinton. this is supposed to unite the party...
these people are insane.
WOW are you fucking kidding? People started chanting "BERNIE, BERNIE, BERNIE!" and they blare loud music
THE FIRST BERNIE SUPPORTER TO TAKE THE STAGE IN A SPEECH AT THE DNC
Guys you should really be watching the Fox 10 stream because they are showing the outside protests on top of the DNC

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zaWS6zks0Vs
"breaking barriers" ...to national security
Big brother making Bernie cry in public, not fair!
Making me cry too...
"19 votes for the leader of our revolution *that will continue*." Beautiful Hawaii.
Idaho skipped the "next president" line.
"True progressive and Father of the new Political Revolution!" wooo hooo, Illinois! 
i hope the superdelegates are proud of themselves now
Bernie wins states then gains significantly fewer delegates than Clinton. Seems fair.
In Michigan, he won by 20,000 votes. He only got 45% of the delegates.

Solid.
Vermont's going last. Bernie's going to say it...
"The people of the great state of Vermont declare.... sovereignty! 
Fuck the DNC. DNC drop day is the 28th, get ready everybody.
Plan is to occupy the media area?  Interesting to see what happens here.  Washington Bernie delegates and more are walking out:

https://www.periscope.tv/adairschmidtPS/1rmGPDREeVLGN
http://imgur.com/a/jqZ3b

Convention floor is full of gaps where the Sanders delegations picked up and left en masse.
The DNC is taking away Bernie supporter's signs!!!

https://twitter.com/regated/status/757690019138117632
Questioning someones faith? You mean like the DNC colluding against Bernie? Bully? like the DNC?
If the Dems were so damn concerned about voter suppression, they would've fired every DNC staff member involved in DNCLeak and banned DWS from any leadership positions for life.
I can't believe they are using a little girl to get my sympathy. It is a well written speech, but it can't move us. More immigrants were deported under Obama than Bush. 
Yes, it's important to make sure that women grow up in a world where they are treated as an equal human being to everyone else. That's why it's okay to coerce them into supporting HRC because there's a "special place in hell" for those who don't vote for someone just because of their gender, right?

Give me a break, Hillary's campaign has been incredibly sexist. She's acted all along like she deserves the votes of women just because she is a woman.

Oh, and now Hillary has defended the LGBT community for years? What the fuck happened to the candidate who supported the LGBT community before it was politically convenient?
More pandering... just ignore Hillary not supporting LGBT rights until it was convenient for her career...pander pander pander.
Someone needs to get the hashtag you'rebeingridiculous going that includes Hillarys policies. The Iraq war etc.
I am so sick of the anti-Trump bullshit....wtf is the DNC gonna do to help the people out....because as the leaks have CLEARLY proven they have done nothing but subvert the democratic electing process amongst other scandals.  Is this what these fucking conventions always are!?  RNC was all "we can't let Hillary be president" and the DNC is nothing but "we can't let Trump be president." WTF are you going to do....for fucks sake.
DNC Convention 2016 aka "Trump is evil amirite?" convention
Let the anti trump bullshit keep rolling

Where's the talk about

Anti TPP
Minimum Wage
Fracking
Single Payer Healthcare
Tax on Wallstreet Speculation
Woman's rights
Etc

Arguments sound much better when you speak to why your candidate is better. Not why the other person is bad.
A preview of Melania's next stump speech....
"Only one person". Because Sanders is in no way capable.

... Michelle.. do you remember the scandals about Chelsea Clinton?? What she said that was really bad or inappropriate? Or the lies?

Michelle you're being fed a script and you are shaming yourself.

Subtle insult towards us.. and not mentioning why people were upset.

Edit: Keep our kids safe and sell Uranium to Russia. The easy way out versus standing for your morals.
3:45am: and now here's Bernie for the 19 people still around.
Was your 11PM speaking slot worth selling out for
[removed]
Elizabeth Warren: I'm going to say everything that Bernie supporters like, but the tell them to vote for Clinton, who believes in the complete opposite, what could go wrong?
Im crying guys. Hold me.
Well, there we have it, let the DemExit begin
"When you hurt, when your children hurt, I hurt, I hurt  That child who is hungry, is my child  that is my religion." - Bernie Sanders 
 
I could see the pain in his face when giving that speech tonight. He knows we deserve much better than Hillary. We are hurting and he can see that. But it hurts even more having to had seen him go through that speech like that. 
Sarah Silverman can fuck right off. 
Says TPP is bad, endorses a candidate who is pro-TPP and her VP who also is

This is 1984 doublethink shit
Thank you Bernie delegates for bringing that uncomfortable sneer to Franken's face.
Is the fact that Kaine speaks Spanish supposed to get my Latino ass to vote for him? Sounds like Abuelita Hillary is at it again with her cheap pandering. 

It's almost as if she doesn't think we're smart enough to follow politics and just so out of the loop that we'll just jump to a familiar language or someone that's eating a taco at an East LA restaurant.
 
Please stop already.
Are you fucking kidding me?!!!!
They knew they'd really have to step up the Latino pandering today after those "taco bowl" and "latinos are brand loyal and susceptible to story telling" emails came out.


Jesus Christ the Democratic Party is disgusting. 
Hillary supported the coup in Honduras which resulted in thousands dead, a corrupt government, and a country unhinged. Look up the name Berta Caceres if you don't know it already. 
Wasserman screwed all of you, then she gets hired by the women who planned it all. 

I hope bernie supporters bring down the house, dont be silenced.  

They stole your hour, get it back.
When will these assholes realize that they aren't fooling us anymore? We *know* we're not in a democracy. I even heard some Hillary person earlier say "**this** is what democracy looks like." No... this is what a dictatorship looks like. This is exactly the kind of thing we monitor in foreign elections to prevent election rigging.
Well, that backfired. Here, have some music to forget that ever happened.
>"We can fix this in post" - Sarah Silverman

Are people treating this movement like its a bandwagon everyone is hopping off? Literally every since June 7th, I have seen countless Bernie supporters such as Elizabeth Warren, Jeff Merkley, and even now Robert Reich jump off the progressive movement ideology to support the Anti-Trump candidate.  What ever happened to sticking to your moral values and not to give in to a fear of what could happen? Does Trump scare you that much that you will throw away your own personal beliefs in making sure someone of all bark and no bite doesn't beat someone who has a history of making corrupt deals and bargain and will knowingly stab the progressives in the back once she would be elected? Even Bernie himself has seemed to be defeated by his own fear of Trump being president. He doesn't seem to even want the nomination now he just doesn't want Trump to win despite his supporters saying otherwise.
well, /r/cringe is gonna have a good week
I really don't know how to feel about what I just witnessed. That could've been a real, emotional moment of unity and togetherness and Paul Simon absolutely murdered that song dead.

It seems like a horrible omen for the party and the country in general. I'm scared
[deleted]
How fucking hard would it be for one person to stand up and do the right thing? 
Lol she is literally describing Bernie
NO UNITY NO TRUST
[removed]
Bernie: This election is not about Trump or any one person.

Democrats: Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump!
#StillNotWithHer
[deleted]
Hillary has zero support

what the fuck are democrats doing

That whole room save the front rows was Bernie supporters
Won't lie, Bernie made me cry.
Dictators subvert democracy. 

Establishment Democrats feel entitled enough to do that. That is wrong.

I am not running into their arms supporting that bullshit.
Spreading doom and gloom about Donald Trump is the only card Hillary Clinton can play and it's so sad. This is why hardly anyone is excited for her. She has no great ideas like Bernie and she secretly hates a lot of what Bernie stands for
Tulsi Gabbard is legit as hell. Every other former Bernie ally keeps speaking fondly about Bernie, only to bait-and-switch in the last moment and direct the praise towards Hillary. "Bernie would be great, so let's elect Hillary Clinton in November!". Tulsi, meanwhile, didn't even mention Hillary. Nothing but praise for Bernie.
besides larry sanders (obviously) the best line has been the dude from IL who introduced bernie as a true progressive. I want to send that guy a pizza
I just wanted to say thank you to everyone on this sub!!! 
And thank you, Bernie!!!
I was there on the streets of Philly today with thousands and thousands of my brothers and sisters of the political revolution. Can confirm we are not uniting for Hillary as the media suggests. Everyone there is either pro-third party, voting for Trump, or staying home. 
The future of the Democratic Party rides on what Bernie says today. The DNC needs to stop caring about Hillary and start caring about winning. There's no party unity if Hillary walks out of Philadelphia the nominee. 
"They don't know your name has been put in nomination. That's the concern"  WHAT DID SHE MEAN
Celebrates diversity yet includes an entirely religious opening? Wtf?!!!
DRINKING GAME

take a shot every time they say diversity 
I love you Bernie people in that convention hall. Marcia Fudge is like a deer caught in the headlights.
After the absolute sham of this election, they deserve every single boo.
The No's sounded so much louder.
Okay, no Harry Potter quotes please
I had a series of successive heart attacks when I realized that Harry Potter was being quoted unironically at a political convention.

I am dead now, thanks a lot. All this time I thought "I want to make Pokemon go to the polls" would do me in.
Okay, now fuck off. 
Unity!

^paid ^for ^by ^DNC ^that ^is ^no ^way ^associated ^with ^Hillary ^Clinton ^^or ^^the ^^copious ^^amounts ^^^of ^^^money ^^^her ^^^campaign ^^^is ^^^NOT ^^^throwing ^^^at ^^^us! ^^^^Just ^^^^kidding ^^^^were ^^^^corrupt ^^^^as ^^^^fuck!
cnn quoting someone saying '*Bernie fed us a lot of mountain dew, and now he wants us to go to bed*', stunning how they find any way to blame him and not the weak candidate they propped up that is now losing in polls!
They've let one Bernie person speak. They talk unity and bring us this trash?
Fuck your platform committee

Fuck the Democratic party

Fuck the Republican party

Fuck this fake unity
So this entire convention seems like it's going to consist of:
1. Politicians asking for praise and applause for *doing their job*
2. Promoting legislation that is derivative of Bernie's campaign
3. Talking about "unity" only a couple days after we discovered the DNC heavily favored one candidate
Listen to my story.. It's American... Your American you should like this story.. It's an American story and that's why I'm a Democrat.  Lil shill 2016
"He'll build a wall?" "Hillary Clinton doesn't want to build walls"

Except for the one around the convention......and the shorter wall (than Trump's) that she's all for putting up at the border.
CNN blatantly censors DNC protest: @jaketapper cuts to Boys II Men. #MSM is a tool for Establishment. #DemsInPhilly

https://twitter.com/RoseAnnDeMoro/status/757717886894866432
Most qualified in my lifetime?

Such a joke.
Honestly, if this is just about treatment its fine. But if she yells HILLY 2016!!!! then its ruined

Edit: Ruined
What a joke. We could've had Killer Mike spitting if Bernie won
This is so forced it's cringe-worthy.
Well fuck, another sob story
Watching this with my parents, my mom had to walk away from the kid speaking. Disgusting what they are doing to pander.
They have no substance. I am sorry ladies and gentlemen for the death of democracy
Hillary used religion as a weapon to descriminate as well.. Wtf...

She said marriage is a holy union between a man and a woman
The fools don't understand they're giving Trump free advertising.
And Bob Casey just said "We need an economy that works for everyone, not just Donald Trump and those on top. As president, Hillary will..."


Screw you. Words out of Bernie's mouth to promote corruption.
Lmao they're ascribing to Hillary some chimerical mishmash of Sanders' and Trump's policies (when they bother to tread in policy at all). This is bad. 
This is the worst shit presentation i have seen seen the launch of X-box one. They don't even mention Hillary! It's llike they know their product sucks! 

All they have is sob stories, and fake urgencies. Plus weird jabs at Trump for not being a real billionaire or something, i don't know, i didn't get the point. It's awful.
Fucktard Rachel Maddow pushing the Russian hacking narrative. Fuck speak about what the message and not the messenger. 
I lol'd when Kristen Gillibrand said Hillary is a working mom. Yes, her 36 year old daughter in her 10 million dollar luxury appartment is really a handful.
[deleted]
god im itching for some civil disobedience right about now. will the protests get bigger or smaller?
Are we gonna talk about how this whole event has pretty much been exclusively about Trump? 
DNC 2016 Motto = At least we're not Trump.

I told my wife. I've watched about 10 minutes of this and I see the strategy: If you can't make your self (the DNC) look good to the people, make someone look worse than you."

They know there is nothing they can say about themselves that would make the people like them again, so they just bash the opponent the entire time. Rinse and repeat.

People usually do this when they don't have enough faith in their ability to seal the deal. 
Et tu, Sarah?
Really you two? You have to try to stop the Bernie chant even before his speech? Jesus, let it go.
fuck that
oh dear god this is making it worse
Great, I was just thinking I needed to hear the political views of another pointless celebrity
Not sure everyone is following the live thread, but TYT reported Sanders has been moved to the end of the night after Michelle.
Most qualified candidate ever? EVER?
I used to love this politispeak that Booker is spewing. Enough of this shit.
Rugged individualism didn't map the genome, we did together? I'm pretty sure a small group of scientists mapped the genome, not all of society as a whole.
still waiting to hear someone explain why we should trust her
Speech summed up:

- Bullshit stuff that is complete fluff
- TRUMP IS BAD
- HILARY IS GOOD!
[deleted]
Trying so hard to be future prez
This is propaganda at its finest folks.
lol watch Trump take her to court for slander
How many fucking first ladies does that kid know?
Bill looks like he's high as fuck. 
Michelle sounds great but what she's saying hurts my soul.
The SEX card. AMAZING
I think Cenk is right and they're not gonna let Bernie speak tonight. 
Pushing Bernie back so no one is up to listen to him anymore. Also Mr. Kennedy, stfu.
"we trusted you" chant amazing
"we trusted you!"
DNC - "Liz....ixnay on the iggedray...."
"the system is rigged"  

thanks Warren....


....missed the point though
THEY'RE KICKING OUT BERNIE SUPPORTERS LIVE ON PERISCOPE

https://www.periscope.tv/w/1DXxyllrQDbJM
Haven't even seen the Sanders delegates since 2 hours ago. Fucking camera. 
[removed]
Cough... Hillary 


Not the best time to talk about a rigged system Liz.  
This whole damned convention is about making us soooo afraid of Donald Trump that we will rush out to vote for Hillary -- NUH UH!
If they're really kicking out Sanders supporters then I have a feeling they stuck Bernie at the end to give themselves time to weed out his supporters so by the time he speaks, they'll be no one left to speak up.
They completely ignore the fact the DNC and Hillary rigged the primary. Fucking drones.
Huge California chant for Bernie? "really pissed off" from Periscope
"Hey, guys! Did you hear Trump give out any **plans** in his speech? Hell no you didn't"

*proceeds to give long abstract speech with no plans except abstract sentiments*
Fuck. It's really the end now. :(

It was a pleasure being with you folks for so long.
Notice how he didn't say voted for me. 
Please don't concede the nomination yet. Ah, look forward to the roll call! There is still a chance! 
FUCK YEAH BERNIE!!!!
He's wording things very carefully. He's addressing the "process" but not the leaks
Bernie please go rogue. You're following your script word for word. Don't let it end this way https://berniesanders.com/sanders-prepared-remarks-at-democratic-national-convention/
I truely love this man. One of the greatest americans
Hillary will never inspire this level of dedication.
Why can't this man be our President! This is ridiculous. This is a true leader! 
>Shockingly good coverage despite abysmal turnout.

I'll say.
Thank you!!!
Thank you friend. You guys are doing good work over there.
So sad thinking the average voter won't see this due to media bias. All the big news outlets are ignoring it. 
Great !!!
They are worse than we could possibly imagine. 
Disgusting people. 


[deleted]
This is some straight House of Cards level treachery. 
My favorite one so far: https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/18503
> In New Orleans since Thursday. Have gained 420 pounds.
How can they win after all this? If they do, we live in a sleeping state.
Saved. Thanks for the good work of collecting these links.
Here's one with an initial "we need to hide DWS" type strategy.
https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/6634
I have to say the most surprising thing is how casual they type, apart from the actual substance. It's like they're teenagers texting each other, I'm a teenager and not even I text like that for fuck sake.
Everything happening right now (DNC leaks, Kaine VP pick) is working against the Democrats, and it's starting to show in the polls.

http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/general_election_trump_vs_clinton-5491.html
"Admitting to closing polling places in RI, govenor is "one of us" and we need to "cover ourselves""
> DNC discussing Hillary's policies as unfeasible.

> https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/519

This is someone getting an email from the "Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget" mailing list.

What is supposed to be the issue here?
"Millenial Outreach" arrrrrgggghhh not sure if more surprised by out of touch they are or how no one can spell the word Millennial correctly
Maybe Bill Hicks was right all along!?

http://youtu.be/Ytv15ono5J0



Nasty people
Very nice
I completely approve of exposing all of these as much as possible, but from what I can tell the first email on the list is not about a DNC member that killed horses for insurance money, but rather a potential high profile donor that they are vetting.  Doesn't seem like anything malicious going on there unless I am reading it wrong.
Here are some more:

DNC  HQ learned about the NV Dems letter about alleged Sanders Violence in NV by reading about it on AP " Regardless, we heard first about this from the AP. We can't get surprised with something like this."
https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/12067

DWS wants to release gif of Christie's wife giving eye roll, gets shot down  "this is not the work we do" 
https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/4968

Refers to Bernie as "the insurgency"
https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/4861

There is also one about sending a fruit basket to a DNC colleague in the hospital "make it a $50 one, only worked for us for a year"

Also just for fun, search for Pablo, the guy is  totally disruptive and  pretty cool, and it is funny to read his career trajectory at the DNC and all the witchy remarks about him near the end by his colleagues

Admitting to closing polling places in RI, govenor is "one of us" and we need to "cover ourselves" 

Kind of colluding on the Sanders NV violence narrative: ." Is it helpful for us to start putting out state party chairs who can talk about how peaceful their conventions are and that Nevada was an anomaly, or is that counterproductive? " "Lets Leave it alone"
https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/13003

" Clinton campaign is a mess, theyre afraid of their own shadow and didnt like that we engaged. I happen to think theyre wrong and it explains why theyre hobbling along unable to close it out." 
https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/8253

Everything on the Hillary Victory Fund is super shady.  Also they are coordinating with Hillary campaign to get the same story for a politico story
https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7343

Ragging on a ton of LGBT Donors and hosts,  one ex: "Host Bill Jacobs. This event turned out to be a vanity project for Bill Jacobs . However, this event also encouraged Bill to pledge 66,400." Search for LGBT Exit Memo -- it is an attchament, really juicy 

Search for the attachment Millenial Outreach to see how out of touch the DNC is with anyone under 50

One nice thing: Politifact actual does what they say they do and are actually researching and reporting things unbiasedly to get at the truth

DNC doesnt "have fully bilingual staff who can write in Spanish, and no budget for translations."  Guess that is why Kaine is so needed 
https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/12735

On a MSNBC story called " Bernie Sanders faces a then what problem" DWS asks "This is a good story. Did we get them the info near the bottom?"  Her Press Director responds "Yes, and Hilary sent part of that."
https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/11712

DNC doesnt use the word "leaders" because it makes them sound elitist
https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/9833

Being on the platform drafting committee is different than the platform
https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7899

Making fun of local reporters "reporters seem to be thrilled to be at the Convention lmfaooooo"
https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7177



> DNC telling each other, "I love you too. no homo."
https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/425

A bit in poor taste but I'm not sure if this is such a "juicy leak". A quick google search shows that the Zach Allen guy is gay (and married) irl. So this doesn't seem like two straight people having a jab at gays.
Ah Pablo, I hope you don't get in too much trouble for leaking DWS's phone number four months later.
Donna Brazile commenting Sanders support for DWS's opponent as "stupid. I don't know how to respond to Bernie anymore." https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/6084
>Consultant calling megyn kelly a bimbo. Has PDF attached that says the same.

>https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/6087

This is one of the most poorly written and ignorant diatribes I've ever seen from a "professional" -- and I must assume this was created as part of the "service" he provided to the DNC as a consultant?
more please
Good job
I still support Sanders as much as anyone, but I mean, I think we can all agree that "LaQueenia" is funny.
17000+ leaks and I keep seeing only the same ones. So far on the Wikileaks own twitter I've read things against Tim Kaine and against Putin and against everyone else, but the posts are always the same. :-/
"Some chick is angry she hasn't been given more stuff from the Obama administration...might be interesting to follow up."

This is an unnecessarily unprofessional/sexist bit of language. "Some chick"? Don't forget that our speech here may be considered by others as reflective of Sanders supporters in general. 
[deleted]
>Super PAC paying young voters to push back online Sanders supporters. Paid shills.
https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/8351

That's not what the email says. This email is quoting what the *media* says. It makes no sense to put that up as proof of anything.
>DNC member killing horses for insurance money.

>https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/578

Maybe I am reading this wrong. I read  that a guy was suggested and this is the result of the research. Where do you see that it is a DNC member?

>DNC making fun of black womans name.

>https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/17942

If this is the kind of stuff you lead off with then there is nothing there. 

>https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/17942

>DNC telling each other, "I love you too. no homo."

And? 


I have to wonder what would happen if we had all of the emails from the Sanders campaign and the volunteers' emails as well. I suspect that we would find just as juicy stuff.

"Based?"

So the Trump Trash has basically taken over the subreddit? That's good to know, I guess.
Why do we care about all these examples of the DNC attacking Republicans/Trump? Should we be upset by that? A lot of these have nothing to do with Sanders.

LOL, Hillbots are already busy downvoting any discussion of their disgusting shenanigans.
that damage control. it is a big deal !
/r/StillSandersForPres
Again just proving we do need wikileaks, why is the DNC so corrupt ?
They wouldn't have named her if she wasn't corrupt.
Ok, so wait a minute.    This is the Third or fourth chairperson of the DNC Today? 
She worked for (the late) Stephanie Tubbs Jones in the past.  She is an advocate for voter protection (per her bios).  FYI, Tubbs Jones was one of Clinton's most ardent supporters.
*Grabs popcorn and waits for Wiki to show us some of her emails*
I actually think they are referring to when Donald Trump made his tweet about Taco Bowls, and the backlash he got from it.
I think that was referring to Trump's pandering by having a taco bowl for lunch on Cindo de Mayo. The Dems manipulation of hispanics is more sophisticated.
They are unbelievably dumb.  Don't they know that tacos don't come in bowls??!!
Don't try to deflect onto trump storyline.  Most professional people do not express themselves with epithets or stereotypes.  Very immature.
[removed]
I'm really trying to throw Clinton a bone in anyway possible way to have an objective opinion... However everything is so damning I think it's going to change the country forever. The biggest thorn in the establishment heel is the free and open internet. I suspect massive push back soon on those issues as well. 
And yet with all this negative info, somehow this election will be a fucking cliffhanger to the very end, and probably tip to Clinton
Interim Chair Brazile will "cuss out" Bernie Camp: https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7022
DNC officials wanting pro-HIllary links to share on social media:https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7418
[How Hillary Victory Fund exceeded campaign limits](https://www.reddit.com/r/DNCleaks/comments/4uedjc/how_the_hillary_victory_fund_is_used_to_exceed/)
Has anyone commenting on these emails actually read them? These emails are mostly exchanges between communications staff as they manage reactions to breaking news or set up their own press releases for distribution. These emails come from April and May 2016 when most people saw Hillary Clinton as the most likely candidate given the pledged delegate count. I don't see anything unusual about these emails. Bernie ran a good campaign and did much better than expected.
Bernie claims that the DNC money has already been spent on mail and ads.  They respond with this:

>Bernie is being disingenuous with this claim. The ads and the mail generate money into HVF

They claim this he is being disingenuous, but immediately confirm that the money has been spent.  
I love that. You read that 5 or 10 times in a row and you still cannot understand how it's not what Bernie is saying it is. The only other take away I got was that the HVF feeds in on itself. I think the guy is trying to make the case that the HVF feeds in itself...that the ads and mailers are paid for by the actual fund. What he failed to clarify was exactly what's being questioned: does the fund benefit down ballot candidates or just the Clinton campaign? Seems like the latter, since he wont' say the former.
Obama, Clinton, Bush, and the entire beltway establishment duopoly hate, hate, hate WikiLeaks with the power of a thousand suns.

If you're not tapped out, give 'em $5. Hell - give them $27. They are part of our great political revolution. Radical transparency is the enemy of elite establishment rule.
[removed]
I love the slow rolling destructive nature of wikileaks dumps...kinda like a glacier advancing toward a village. 
> From: Miranda, Luis
> 
>Sent: Wednesday, May 18, 2016 3:59 PM
> 
>To: Erik Smith; Jessica Borchert; Debbie Wasserman Schultz
> Cc: Dacey, Amy; Lindsey Reynolds; Lisa Garcia; Tracie Pough; Lindsey Reynolds
>
> Subject: RE: update on May debate...

> lol

There will be consequences Luis; we won't forget this.
This isn't even a shit post. This is exactly how they responded via email. 
> We're being asked for reaction to Sanders accepting. If no objection I"ll say: "The DNC will continue to facilitate negotiations with both of our candidates." Any concerns?


Well, now when they call me to watch for HRC, my answer is LOL
This is fucked. Most of these people got to their position of power by touting progressive values and the like.

I hope you all feel the bitterness of being lied to. I hope the lot of you all consider other options for the general.
Fuck the DNC, fuck them all. Nobody should support them.
This clinches my vote for the Green party.

Who are the HFA?
Not only did they have the AP preemptively say that Hillary is the nominee (there's no emails that I've seen yet that implies that that was ordered by the DNC, but it was obviously intended to hurt Bernie's numbers), they also denied Bernie a debate! They *knew* that Hillary could not win California in a fair fight, so they pulled all the strings possible to get her to win and it worked. Disgusting. 


Edit: Clarified the allegations against the AP. 
Someone keeping his word is worthy of an "lol". The DNC is fucking disgusting. Please protest if you are in Philly this week.
Well they agreed to have DNC sanctioned debates and the impartial DNC rejected the sanctioning.
Can someone find out who this Luis Miranda was? Can we get a picture to the name? He CC'd DWS and others who said bad shit about Bernie too.
I will never vote democrat again as long as I live. These people do **not** belong in power.
This is honestly making my blood boil, the DNC is corrupt and disgusting. 
Sanders got the shaft and Hillary stole the primary. DNC now has to live with the consequences
Everyone should be writing to Luis Miranda over this. 
as an image:

http://i.imgur.com/lOgqyNd.png

> Sanders telegraphed this

What?
What's the image001.jpg that was the initial response?

Could it be that this is who's running things behind the scenes--the kind of people who send lolcats and memes around at work?
So sick. They play with our country's future for their own gain. Such a selfish attitude to hold when you have so much control over the life's of millions of people. Just sick.
ohhh literally "lol".....

I'm updating my voter registration from democrat to...  anything else.
I pray he runs third party.  I'd love to see the DNC try to shrug him off then!
[deleted]
Voting for Trump means 4 crazy years, but voting for Hillary means another century of a corrupt DNC.  
I hate Trump but no democracy at all is even worse.
That "lol" was from the DNC's Communications Director, Luis Miranda:

https://www.whitehouse.gov/blog/author/luis-miranda

https://twitter.com/luismiranda
Hillary Clinton wants our vote... LOL
"lol, fuck our voters", "lol, fuck the american people", "lol, can you believe this idiot? He actually thinks he has a chance", "lol, as if we are democratic". 

So many things can be said with just one word. 
"...when Sanders telegraphed this..."

What is this "telegraph" thing?

how is this not on the frontpage of reddit? this is absurd.
I'm a Trump supporter and even I'm pissed off about this.
 lol  says it perfectly.  
Not only did she not debate, i think she did not speak with reporters for LONG time, like some 6-7 months didnt speak word. completed dodged all questions.
[removed]
[removed]
Vote for Hillary, ***lol***
This Luis Miranda guy, this is not my kind of guy. 
You think debate should have a role in a democratic process? lol /s
Bernie gave into pressure. He probably values his life only slightly more than keeping his promises. He's fighting for the people? At this point he's fighting to stay alive. The Clinton Machine has blades behind so many people's backs.

You may not agree with many of Donald Trump's stances, but I can guarantee that he will put Clinton in prison for life if he gets elected. Just remember that when you go to the polls.
Bernie voters, please stop saying you're not going to vote for Trmp either, Trmp is actually the way forward if we play our cards right. If a significant number of us are vocal about voting Trmp if we don't get Sanders it will force the DNC to take us seriously, and if they refuse to listen we vote Trmp and help him win. That will result in the DNC and democrat base listening to us the next time we get our dream progressive candidate to run against Trmp in 2020.

We'll have a far more fair fight against Trmp in 2020 than against the DNC establishment backing Hillary in 2020. This logic is literally flawless.
~~Well the context it didn't seem too offensive. I would have 'lol'ed at "where are the HFA people, I assume theyre in no rush"~~

~~This link is a non-issue, there are real issues in the leak to focus on~~

Read it backwards (timeline begins at bottom not top)
Lol. 

Good. Get fucked. That's what you get for endorsing Killary. 
[deleted]
This post has made it to 5,000 up votes and has been posted on the twitter account @Reddit5000!
						
To see the tweet, check here: https://twitter.com/Reddit5000/status/757220061606051840

^You ^can ^find ^all ^5,000 ^posts ^here: ^https://twitter.com/Reddit5000

^, ^7,500 ^posts ^here: ^https://twitter.com/Reddit7500

^,And ^10,000 ^posts ^here: ^https://twitter.com/Reddit10000
						
^(I'm a bot, don't worry about supporting me (I don't cost much)^), ^(but you can support )[^charity](http://freethoughtpedia.com/wiki/Secular_charities) ^and [^science!](http://www.sens.org/)
After reading the exchange, it appears to me that this is a scoff at the fact this is a Fox News debate which would have most likely hurt the entire party. 
Okay... so just tried that Michael Briggs number.... Still connected...
Let's do this!
If they're serious about defeating Trump they'll switch to Bernie. Will share all day. Thanks!
Not on FB... How else can I sign?
done

Clinton must resign if the DNC doesn't fix what they rigged then democracy is officially dead in the US.
I think the site was hacked! I tried liking it & got an error message. I tried through Twitter, Safari directly, FB & Reddit. Same error message. Please advise. 
So... vote against the will of the people?
Happy to take suggestions for edits.
[removed]
Can I get my $1500 back?... I'm furious!  However, Bernie got something like 45% of the votes with a stacked deck.  He absolutely could have won otherwise.
The DNC // Clinton collusion sabotaged ANY campaign before the get go:

http://www.counterpunch.org/2016/04/01/how-hillary-clinton-bought-the-loyalty-of-33-state-democratic-parties/

Sanders, Martin O'Malley, and others should sue.
After the RNC, I was finally ready to vote for Hillary and stop that monster...but this? This was the last fucking straw for me. fuck the DNC. 
It's big business caught retaining it's power. You think they're going to willingly bow their infrastructure? [It doesn't matter the side.](http://fortune.com/2016/07/19/here-is-who-donald-trump-wants-for-treasury-secretary/) Politicians are just pawns accepting their big donations and pandering to retain their positions.

Bernie's message is clear. A political revolution needs to take place for this to change. The protests/marches weren't needed at the RNC, he's a joke. It's needed this week in Philly. They've already closed the doors on the people for the rules committee. If they allow Bernie to speak there, he needs to give them a copy of a speech they want to hear, then get on stage and speak his truth, then lead marches outside when he gets booted out.
Why isn't Bernie saying anything about the leaks? It's kinda ridiculous he hasn't rescinded his endorsement after this blatant collusion.
How about fraud, collusion, conspiracy, cheating, rigging?
Sabotage is way closer to the truth than words like NYT used yesterday: 'derided' and 'criticized'
Repost

DNC member killing horses for insurance money. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/578

DNC making fun of black womans name. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/17942

DNC telling each other, "I love you too. no homo." https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/425

DNC requesting a pull an MSNBC commentary segment. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/6107

DNC controlling the narrative with time released stories. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/12450

DNC conspiring to create false Trump information and release with Reuters. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7102

DNC Hillary supporters infiltrated Sanders campaign. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/4776

DNC members going to complain to Morning Joe producers about his mentioning of a "rigged system." https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/8806

DNC discussing their relationship with NBC/MSNBC/CNN and how to get better treatment. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/13762

Super PAC paying young voters to push back online Sanders supporters. Paid shills. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/8351

DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz having an off the record meeting in MSNBC President Phil Griffin's office. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/8867

DNC being messed with by the Washington Examiner. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/5304

DNC discussing Hillary's policies as unfeasible. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/519

$200k for a private dinner with Hillary. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/17287

Offering to send interns out to fake a protest against the RNC. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/13366

Faking outrage and pasting in a video later. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7102

A mole working inside of the Sanders campaign. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7793

Bringing up Sanders religion to scare the southern voters. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/11508

Possible money laundering by moving money back and forth to bypass legal limits. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/6230

Politico writer sending his stories to the DNC before he sends them to his editor. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/10808

DNC feeding CNN the questions they want to be asked in interviews. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/4077

Creating a fake job ad for a Trump business to paint him as a sexist. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/12803

Hillary funding 2 million dollars in a cooridanted campaign in battleground states to win back the Senate. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7784

DNC is upset that their "allies" didn't send in protestors so they sent out interns. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/13366

"Clinton Foundation quid-pro-quo worries are lingering, will be exploited in general." https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/8351

$50,000 - Lawrence Benenson. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/14700

Daily Fundraising Report for the DNC. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/2875

Content & Social Strategy Discussion. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7512

Re: BuzzFeed and DNC connection. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/10933

Draft linking news articles about trump to use as negative press. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7586

Fwd: State Dinner Countdown. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/1901 Some chick is angry she hasn't been given more stuff from the Obama administration...might be interesting to follow up.

Re: State Dinner Countdown. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/2946

Tim O'Brien: Trump's Fixation on Inflating his Net Worth is a Cause for Concern. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/4496

RE: May Fundraising Numbers. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/5615

https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7720

Hillary for America Raised $26.4 Million in April, Began May with More than $30 Million Cash on Hand. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/13986

Re: For approval: Trump supporter graphics. https://www.wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/788

Press talking points, states Hillary is their candidate, dated May 5, 2016. More of a smoking gun than the ambiguous talk in the emails themselves. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/fileid/5254/2728

Consultant calling megyn kelly a bimbo. Has PDF attached that says the same. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/6087

DNC trying to get away with violating the Hatch Act. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/20148

Democrats using interns to organize fake "protests." https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/13830

RE: Action on DNC tomorrow (Immigration Raids). https://www.wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/9736

Trump's campaign dwarfed by Clinton's https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/1642
[removed]
Repost

DNC member killing horses for insurance money. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/578

DNC making fun of black womans name. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/17942

DNC telling each other, "I love you too. no homo." https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/425

DNC requesting a pull an MSNBC commentary segment. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/6107

DNC controlling the narrative with time released stories. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/12450

DNC conspiring to create false Trump information and release with Reuters. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7102

DNC Hillary supporters infiltrated Sanders campaign. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/4776

DNC members going to complain to Morning Joe producers about his mentioning of a "rigged system." https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/8806

DNC discussing their relationship with NBC/MSNBC/CNN and how to get better treatment. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/13762

Super PAC paying young voters to push back online Sanders supporters. Paid shills. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/8351

DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz having an off the record meeting in MSNBC President Phil Griffin's office. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/8867

DNC being messed with by the Washington Examiner. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/5304

DNC discussing Hillary's policies as unfeasible. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/519

$200k for a private dinner with Hillary. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/17287

Offering to send interns out to fake a protest against the RNC. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/13366

Faking outrage and pasting in a video later. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7102

A mole working inside of the Sanders campaign. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7793

Bringing up Sanders religion to scare the southern voters. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/11508

Possible money laundering by moving money back and forth to bypass legal limits. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/6230

Politico writer sending his stories to the DNC before he sends them to his editor. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/10808

DNC feeding CNN the questions they want to be asked in interviews. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/4077

Creating a fake job ad for a Trump business to paint him as a sexist. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/12803

Hillary funding 2 million dollars in a cooridanted campaign in battleground states to win back the Senate. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7784

DNC is upset that their "allies" didn't send in protestors so they sent out interns. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/13366

"Clinton Foundation quid-pro-quo worries are lingering, will be exploited in general." https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/8351

$50,000 - Lawrence Benenson. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/14700

Daily Fundraising Report for the DNC. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/2875

Content & Social Strategy Discussion. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7512

Re: BuzzFeed and DNC connection. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/10933

Draft linking news articles about trump to use as negative press. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7586

Fwd: State Dinner Countdown. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/1901 Some chick is angry she hasn't been given more stuff from the Obama administration...might be interesting to follow up.

Re: State Dinner Countdown. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/2946

Tim O'Brien: Trump's Fixation on Inflating his Net Worth is a Cause for Concern. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/4496

RE: May Fundraising Numbers. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/5615

https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7720

Hillary for America Raised $26.4 Million in April, Began May with More than $30 Million Cash on Hand. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/13986

Re: For approval: Trump supporter graphics. https://www.wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/788

Press talking points, states Hillary is their candidate, dated May 5, 2016. More of a smoking gun than the ambiguous talk in the emails themselves. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/fileid/5254/2728

Consultant calling megyn kelly a bimbo. Has PDF attached that says the same. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/6087

DNC trying to get away with violating the Hatch Act. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/20148

Democrats using interns to organize fake "protests." https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/13830

RE: Action on DNC tomorrow (Immigration Raids). https://www.wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/9736

Trump's campaign dwarfed by Clinton's https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/1642
If they elect Clinton for the nomination after this then that democracy is dead. The DNC might as well get rid of the primary all together. I hope nobody wasted a couple hours waiting in line to vote because you wasted your time. 
Bernie was on CNN just now. I'll paraphrase. He said that he's not surprised by the emails. None of us should be, honestly. He said that DWS should resign and reminded us that he called for this months ago (Van Jones was on after and he was also adamant that DWS needs to apologize and voluntarily step down). 

Let's be clear on something: we don't know if Bernie would have won the election otherwise. All these emails indicate was that there was clearly bias among some officials and they traded ideas to defeat Bernie. We don't have evidence from the emails that they proposed to do anything to actually rig the vote or anything of the like.

When asked about the progressive wing? Bernie mentioned how he has changed the DNC platform and come to an agreement with HRC on policy for college tuition and healthcare. He wants us to work together to continue the political revolution and defeat Donald Trump in November. 

Trump is trying to divide us. He's actually saying shit that if he doesn't rescind his endorsement of HRC, that means Bernie is corrupt as well. What a crock of shit. 

TL;DR: No evidence that the vote was rigged from the emails. The bias is unsurprising and we all essentially knew that already. DWS should step down for fostering such an environment. Bernie has positively influenced the platform and couldn't have done that without us. Trump and the right wing are trying to divide us, which Bernie does not want to happen.
We Occupy
I fail to see why this is news. Wasn't the fact that this was happening assumed and rather obvious?
ha ha she's been on the campaign this whole time.
This is unreal. And a bit more of a slap in the face to Bernie and us
They should be calling it what it always was going to be: a promotion.
Now they're just fucking trolling us. Jesus christ, assange. Fucking drop the next leak before it's too late.
Classic Cronyism.

(They don't even have the shame to hide it anymore.)
Musical Chairs
Sorry, Bernie lost because of corruption and election fraud, not because people "didn't show up in the numbers needed"
It was never about Sanders or Hillary.  It was about the best method of fighting for progressive goals.  Sanders' decision to endorse his opponent split his supporters into those that are willing to compromise their integrity in the small hope Clinton will actually do the things she promises and those that view Clinton as the anti-thesis of everything Bernie stood for.
I suppose that's fitting since Hillary main motto is "hey I'm not Trump!".  You're wrong though.  The DNC emails prove to a least some degree that the system was rigged against Bernie.  That's not simply "people didn't show up".  
[deleted]
The two are one in the same for legitimate progressives. Neoliberals will ALWAYS be the enemy. Slick Willy killed the progressive movement that gave us legitimate fighters like Jesse Jackson and Michael Dukakis in the late 80s, and fucking Hillary's disinfo campaign has snuffed out its second coming in Bernie Sanders.  
  
Anybody supporting Clinton (or Trump) is part of the problem, not the solution. 
cool shitpost bro
[removed]
[removed]
No you're wrong. This sub is about the progressive movement (political revolution) within American politics
Yes, I agree.


Hate Hillary? Fine, I don't like her either. Support Stein? Fine.


Just don't do those things here. This is SandersForPresident.
Bernie's been the best shot at defeating big $$ in politics in decades.

Sure Hillary supports "many" of the same liberal issues as Bernie, and is why he's willing to support her. He knows politics is almost always about getting as much as you can at the time 

But don't believe for a second that his/this revolution is over.
You're a fool if you believe anything the DNC platform says. Oh and nice concern trolling. It's so easy to spot those on CTR's payroll.
[deleted]
This is a rehashing of a June 12 article where Assange said there would be enough evidence to indict (i.e. charge), but that the indictment wouldn't happen. He didn't speak to whether she would be arrested. 
You better do it before the convention ends!
I'll believe it when I see it. Wiki-leaks loves to have a build up
Come on Assange... All the popcorn I bought when you first said this is about to spoil.
Hey I remember him saying this. Seems like he might actually deliver. How wild would that be?!
Extremely misleading, click-bait headline. 
Well, hurry the fuck up with it already! 
If he had it he'd have released it already.
That's the best news. Let's hope it's devastating and timely.
She could be caught on video murdering baby Jesus and she wouldn't be arrested. In a just world she'd already be in jail. Law and order is for the lower classes. The best we can hope for is that she loses the election, Jill Stein is our next president and the Clinton's lose most of their political influence.
Tease
Massive censoring..guys they knew this was coming...moderators had reported about hacks at one point so guessing they are impacting politics...so what do we do? I feel like people are here but only a few can interact...
Possibly a few of the recently added mods on /r/politics has huge Clinton bias. 

During the campaign, it was obvious that /r/politics had some mods who were Bernie supporters, but they weren't actively suppressing information about Hillary/Trump. 

Now we have maybe a few mods in there who are Hillary supporters and they might actually be suppressing fast Rising threads that go negative on the DNC/Hillary.
/r/berntheconvention is suspiciously silent, despite a shitload of activity going down irl, including a massive march from DC to Philly. 
[deleted]
1 million dollars buys a lot of social media support
Wow, even Reddit is on this shit? Are you fucking kidding me? 
I'm really starting to hate reddit's fucking bullshit. Just let it sit there! What's the use in deleting popular relevant posts? Fuck this gay earth. 
Does anyone know if /r/politics is run by CTR trolls?
Now you guys know how it feels. It's not fun. 

-Trump Supporter
Have yet to see the DNC Moles in Bernie Camp hit the front page. I found this crap the other day while hitting wikileaks. 
Reddit mods with their agenda censoring post again
Is it really a surprise? Hasn't reddit already been accused and proven to censor news multiple times. 
From the last link:

> She's forced to continue to appeal to young liberals as opposed to pivoting back to center

Essentially the seed of why I cannot support her.
#ClintonCash
Suppression is the name of the game, it's happening, there is no doubt now. The question is where.
Do you think that is normal? Is that our "new" normal? 
It is obvious that /r/politics works exclusively for the DNC, and has been for some time. Reddit admins should remove every moderator of that sub and replace them with adults. 
Repost

DNC member killing horses for insurance money. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/578

DNC making fun of black womans name. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/17942

DNC telling each other, "I love you too. no homo." https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/425

DNC requesting a pull an MSNBC commentary segment. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/6107

DNC controlling the narrative with time released stories. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/12450

DNC conspiring to create false Trump information and release with Reuters. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7102

DNC Hillary supporters infiltrated Sanders campaign. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/4776

DNC members going to complain to Morning Joe producers about his mentioning of a "rigged system." https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/8806

DNC discussing their relationship with NBC/MSNBC/CNN and how to get better treatment. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/13762

Super PAC paying young voters to push back online Sanders supporters. Paid shills. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/8351

DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz having an off the record meeting in MSNBC President Phil Griffin's office. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/8867

DNC being messed with by the Washington Examiner. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/5304

DNC discussing Hillary's policies as unfeasible. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/519

$200k for a private dinner with Hillary. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/17287

Offering to send interns out to fake a protest against the RNC. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/13366

Faking outrage and pasting in a video later. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7102

A mole working inside of the Sanders campaign. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7793

Bringing up Sanders religion to scare the southern voters. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/11508

Possible money laundering by moving money back and forth to bypass legal limits. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/6230

Politico writer sending his stories to the DNC before he sends them to his editor. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/10808

DNC feeding CNN the questions they want to be asked in interviews. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/4077

Creating a fake job ad for a Trump business to paint him as a sexist. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/12803

Hillary funding 2 million dollars in a cooridanted campaign in battleground states to win back the Senate. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7784

DNC is upset that their "allies" didn't send in protestors so they sent out interns. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/13366

"Clinton Foundation quid-pro-quo worries are lingering, will be exploited in general." https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/8351

$50,000 - Lawrence Benenson. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/14700

Daily Fundraising Report for the DNC. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/2875

Content & Social Strategy Discussion. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7512

Re: BuzzFeed and DNC connection. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/10933

Draft linking news articles about trump to use as negative press. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7586

Fwd: State Dinner Countdown. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/1901 Some chick is angry she hasn't been given more stuff from the Obama administration...might be interesting to follow up.

Re: State Dinner Countdown. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/2946

Tim O'Brien: Trump's Fixation on Inflating his Net Worth is a Cause for Concern. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/4496

RE: May Fundraising Numbers. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/5615

https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/7720

Hillary for America Raised $26.4 Million in April, Began May with More than $30 Million Cash on Hand. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/13986

Re: For approval: Trump supporter graphics. https://www.wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/788

Press talking points, states Hillary is their candidate, dated May 5, 2016. More of a smoking gun than the ambiguous talk in the emails themselves. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/fileid/5254/2728

Consultant calling megyn kelly a bimbo. Has PDF attached that says the same. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/6087

DNC trying to get away with violating the Hatch Act. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/20148

Democrats using interns to organize fake "protests." https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/13830

RE: Action on DNC tomorrow (Immigration Raids). https://www.wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/9736

Trump's campaign dwarfed by Clinton's https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/1642
I recently got banned from r/politics for mentioning that a user was using a direct quote from correctrecord dot org, where someone was arguing how hard Hillary fought wall street using GlassSteagall. What i thought was an innocent comment, gathered 12 upvotes in 30-60 min and plunged to -6 plus a ban almost instantly.
shillanthropy
This is awful! Any official word from Sanders on all this shitshow? What does all this new information makes of us? Rebels with a cause?
This is insane! These people are no different than the core of the Republican party
The revolution will not be broadcasted, it will be suppressed. That's why we need to spread the message as much as we can ! Each person matters !
...maybe because they already have a Megathread set up for it?
They have a (stickied) megathread for the leaks, of course they would delete the other posts outside of it. They aren't as careless as the mods here.
Most days /r/politics looks like an extension of this sub. I've seen just as many email stories from there as I have here. They have a megathread up so out makes sense to try and cut down repeat reporting of the same thing.
These are individual threads with links to articles that are available in the [megathread](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/4u5ztv/dnc_email_leak_megathread/). It was done to consolidate /r/politics front page for other news, not for censorship. Get over yourselves people. 
They're afraid of the coming wave of facism just like everyone else with a soul is. Don't blame them. It's human. They know that this will critically hurt the democrats this comming fall. Trump will win. See you all on the other side
[removed]
