It was a simple question guy. I think you just like wearing dresses. Your fetishes are meant to be private.
I was joking.

I'd walk out of the movie if they did that.

And not just because it would be at the end of the movie. . .
Made the frame and mounted the posters so my man could have the blaster he deserved. And I don't have to have any extra clutter on the counters ;)
Well how about instead of just saying "that's not how it works," why don't you explain how the CEO doesn't have the power to direct the employees of his company if he wants to.

Unless you'd rather just be smug about it and tell everyone they're wrong without bothering to educate them so maybe they won't make the mistake again.

Because clearly, people think that's the case.  But if you can explain why that isn't the case, we're all gonna be better off.
I'm not crying, *you're* crying!
Yeah because the fall to the dark side should be full of rainbows and candy.
No political posts 
and that reason is?
Lucas, with check deposited.
Grandparents, the cheap babysitters!
No Rogue One trailer for me, I feel robbed.
My nephew was so devastated after seeing it in the theater. Poor kid.
Also Kylo says something about an island when he is reading Reys mind.
The same reason I wouldn't draw a dick on my face. 
Yes, but Lucas was writing (badly) for an audience of normal people on Earth in the 21st century to whom the constant, weird repetition of "my master" was sure to grate.

I understand what he was going for, I'm just saying he did did it badly.
When we were walking out of the event some woman walked passed and said "How pathetically sad". Get a grip, just for fun!
They would of had to fund the show instead of letting Lucas pay for it. TCW was ridiculously expensive and on another channel that Disney did not have the rights to
I bet somebody sabotage it in act one, and win a few weeks to steal the plan during the rest of the movie.
Cody in ROTJ?? did you mean ROTS?
Never Fiveget. :(
Rey sees a glimpse of the future with Kylo in the snow forest, so it wouldn't be the first time. :o 
Why not?
but why would one exclude the prequels?

they are valid Star Wars movies 


Dude, you need to watch more movies. 
I've rarely seen something so dark and yet so hauntingly truthful on tv than how they played that story out.
True. But hey, we got to see the surface of Hosnian Prime! Unlike Alderaan, which supposedly was a very beautiful planet. I'm sad they didn't show it, it might have reinforced how horrible the destruction was even more.

I just wish Hosnian Prime didn't look exactly like Coruscant. And that they would've spent some more time fleshing it out, like in Episode 4.

I liked TFA, but it could've been much better by just some small changes. Remove the stupid monster chase on the freighter scene and instead add some more background information about the Republic and other things, make the emotional impact of the Hosnian attack bigger.
To answer your title question: yeah, loads. 

Usually they didn't take, though. The biggest one is probably the last battle of the campaign, where the New Republic goes to a lot of effort to make Thrawn think they're making a large assault on a heavily defended base at Tangrene when instead their real target is Bilbringi, one of Thrawn's only major shipyards.

He doesn't buy it, though, and sets a massive trap at Bilbringi. It's pretty much only his sudden death at the hands of his bodyguard that lets the NR win. 

If you're talking about specifically baiting him with a piece of art, well no. But I think you're misunderstanding Thrawn's talents. He's not some mystic that sees the future just by looking at pieces of art, or the sort to obsessively chase down some famous artwork just to see it. He's more of a big picture guy, if you'll pardon the pun. All he does is gain insights into how different species and peoples tend to think based on their artwork as a whole. He doesn't see specific plans in art, just a way of thinking. He doesn't need to physically possess the artwork, most of what he does is look at holograms and pictures of various art forms. 

He also doesn't exclusively rely on art, by any means. He's a very gifted strategist in the conventional sense too. 
Yeah good point. I guess they're just tying to make it similar to Rey 
The minor adjustments made between films for Vader's outfit were costuming/prop inconsistencies, not conscious decisions. But I agree; the changes will be more subtle. Something like how Tony Stark's Iron Man suits are different for every appearance, but all instantly recognizable as Iron Man.
Don't bother if you did not know the general story of Rogue One by now you ain't much of a Star Wars fan.
I wonder what an actual gender-swap Leia would look like? Don't get me wrong, this is awesome. 

I'm just curious what Prince Leia would look like.
Mounted the posters on wood, framed it myself, painted and mounted the blaster for my honey!
your right we need pensioners on teenagers.
>canonical

rip
I wouldn't mind if he kept the helmet but got an upgrade to an armored suit. The helmet is the best part of his current outfit. 
I know... sometimes hatred like that is hard to overcome. Probably raised with it. And has his father's rage. 
dont you like constable "im not in the film"?
>test
I mean on Ben.
It'd probably look better that way. I'm just not quite adept enough to make the seam down the middle look natural if I do that.
they made up for it with EU planets like rendar.
Yeah I really doubt feminists would have a problem with a complex character arc for a woman. I know I'd love it, also Daisy Ridley's perfect teeth would look great with that dark lipstick.
I love how his helmet almost gives him a Revan feel. Awesome artwork!
yeah but we want a NEW game.
Really missed the opportunity for a Jawalking dead joke. 
It's ultra-niche. I know. I don't have a job.
Yeah, this isn't up for debate I thought.
Sure...
"Rex... This... it's... bigger than any of us... than anything I could've imagined... All I ever meant to... I only wanted to do my duty... Brother... The mission, the nightmares... they're finally... over..."

:'(
In my opinion, the Star Wars audiobooks are always top notch. Adding in sound effects and the John Williams score really adds a whole new dimension to the books. 
Seeing fan art for Jedi Ben makes something in my chest hurt a bit... :(

[Like this one](http://lazy-afternooner.tumblr.com/post/137909572341/if-you-see-our-son-again-bring-him-home) and [this one](http://lazy-afternooner.tumblr.com/post/138928655826/avalanches-start-out-small)
the guy has 8-9 foot tall sith statues, sith relics and sith murals all over his office.
Take into consideration that these aren't normal people going around saying "my master" so you shouldn't treat it that way. They're basically monks.
Well, I guess I'll just have to buy another one :(
It's Yoda talk ;)
Literally none of that made sense. 
Leia is nipping out. 
I never thought I'd be disappointed to say that till now
Sure "the empire" could do it but some schlub on the Death Star having access to even vaguely similar looking materials and having the ability to craft it doesn't seem feasible. Also, as OP stated, he isn't typically the kind of guy to just be knocking around the DS so wouldn't that immediately draw attention? 

The main question is, what gain would someone have by impersonating him? "Worth a shot" doesn't cover the risk of being killed for what essentially would come down to... a prank... a very expensive and risky prank? I doubt anyone would question it immediately.

Not all of this is directed at your response but I thought about it more as I typed. 
looks like he's getting a red boner over and over
If one side was exposed to sunlight and that side is also yellow, than its probably uncleanable, plastic can change colour if exposed to long periods of UV radiation, same thing happens with legos on a shelf. 
First thing I noticed in the pic. Everything else looks pretty good from what I can tell
Snoke is not Plagueis... As is presently considered canon.

He might be considered to be Plagueis in Episode 8 and/or 9.
\*\*Two asterisks\*\* becomes

**Two asterisks**
Thank you, sir!
hoo wee
Jedi power battles was amazing. Darth maul secret unlock ftw
So technically still no.. 
"Haha, ain't the rebellion hell?"
Why?
member Shae Viszla?
What size is it?
I need to watch TCW but I'm reading the Republic Commando series. I'm on book 3 of 4. Book 4 is called Order 66.


I'm afraid to read it because I don't know how the book is going to play out. Does Omega or Delta squad kill Jusik? Does Darman kill Etain???
You are so late 
Also I'm on mobile 
Anybody think an Episode 8 teaser will arrive with it?
Honestly, that explanation - that the clones were simply following orders to kill the Jedi they trusted - is just so much better; it's not a total cop-out and adds more nuance. 


I actually just flat out refuse to accept anything in TCW because of questionable story decisions such as the control chips. Even the idea of giving Anakin a padawan turns me off.
u/monkey-brains94 buy tickets now 
Total agreement. These Rebels Producers seem to be flip-flopping all over the place with Ezra's character and powers. He tore through an Imperial Prison in the premiere. Four Mandos without rockets or flamethrowers shouldn't be a problem.
Andrew Kramer's a great guy


You are so lucky. I love that poster. I have one from TFA when I saw it on premiere. 
Oh, sure, but the rate at which they refer to themselves and each other with their honoraries is just goddamned weird.

It's hard to believe any two people can be the kind of friends that Obi-Wan was so bummed about when telling Luke about his poppa in Episode IV when Anakin is simpering "MY MASTER!" all the time, and Obi-Wan is always snarkily referring to Anakin as "my Padawan".

Would it have killed Lucas to have Anakin say "Hey, Obi-Wan!" just once or twice?
Master Ima-Gun Di. He lived up to the expectations of his name perfectly. Does anyone else think Rinrivin Di from Bloodline is a relative? Same species and surname.
When you are replying to a comment, underneath the text box, there's a blue link that says *content policy* and another immediately after that says *formatting help*. Click on formatting help, and you'll see this and various other formatting tips. If you don't know how to quote, I'm guessing you probably don't know about the rest either, so even though people have already told you how to use the quotes, I would highly recommend checking Formatting Help.
Obi wan will always be my favorite Jedi. He's just so cool and sarcastic, but serious when necessary. Favorite sith? Sidious. Cunning, conniving, brilliant
Maybe the feels were too much? 
Might be, been a long time. 
The problem with that would be, excluding comics and novels, there are large gaps (*Rebels* = 15 years after Empire Day / *Force Awakens* = 30+ years after the Battle of Endor) to be especially useful.

I personally love how if the raid on Starkiller Base (*Force Awakens*) actually took place in 2015, then the Battle of Naboo (*Phantom Menace*) would have taken place in 1949.

C-3PO's looking pretty spry for a 66 year old.
I was under the assumption that they did that for formality. 
It's SO dense.
I don't know, I think all of the Dark Horse comic series during the prequels allowed you to feel the full gravity of Order 66.
I just had to give you the up-vote for the Rush reference. That's my dad's favorite band! :)

Looks like a good length to me...
> The flip-flops just look stupid and cheapen the whole look.

Ha, ha, he's just have a laugh...

> Sorry. I have an uncontrollable hatred for flip-flops.

Oh...
You're way too early. It's still 357 days till Halloween, geez.
Damn, that's a new one.

I just imagine [this comic](https://www.instagram.com/p/BGDGjKTuZxP/) but with Snoke superimposed over Leia's face. She's dragging him back to _The Finalizer_ after Starkiller 😂
I kinda want the Jawa to be Darth Vader and the droids to be Tusken Raiders.

This is one of the things that drives me the most nuts about the prequels (basic structural & character issues aside).

It's just goddamned weird to have a movie trilogy where two of the characters finish and/or start almost every other sentence with "My Master" and "My young Padawan".

Unless you're writing a BDSM flick, NO ONE should say "My Master!" that often in a film - this aside from the fact that it's lazy writing that Obi-Wan and Anakin keep referring to each other by their titles, as if Lucas was mortally afraid that the audience might forget for *one second* what the relationship between those two characters were.
Didn't he refer to obi wan in ROTS as master though? 
Favourite Jedi: come on, it has to be Yoda - especially TCW version of him.

Favourite sith: Ventress - she's so badass, and I love how they developed her character in TCW, even making you feel for her despite the terrible things she did. A sympathetic villain is always more interesting.
And such a mysterious one. Damn, I'm curious now!
Heh, Star Wars and TMNT were also *my* main things growing up. Everything old is new again!

Except me. I'm still just old.
Sorry I didn't realize this was a serious post :P
This. Needs close ups.
I personally thought it was very rushed and basic. The visual effects were confusing and hard to follow. 

Good because marvel. But IMHO more on the lines of Thor. 

Glad I watched it, wouldn't go see it again. Definitely not gonna buy it. 
Bent, isn't it?
> it makes Han Solo's sacrifice all for nothing

I'm ok with that tbh, not every sacrifice pans out and I think that'd be really cool and heartbreaking for the audience
I'd suggest posting this in /r/lightsabers they are really helpful and should know how to best preserve your blade.

May the Force Be With You!
I agree if Kylo becomes good I'm going to be really disappointed, I feel like killing your father while looking him in the eyes is too far to redeem
As mentioned, IG-88 is probably the best answer to your question. He doesn't seem to answer to anyone but himself, being a bounty hunter and all.

Then again, he's programmed for assassination, so perhaps he's just doing what he was programmed to do.

THEN AGAIN... Aren't we all?
Sorry. I have an uncontrollable hatred for flip-flops. 
> Personally I think its more likely someone was in trouble and sent a Nightsister to go through and change all of that said, I really hope Darth Maul back was done in Empire and Vader is in a believable way.

Ummm...wrong post?
Maybe she's been DUN DUN DUN secretly controlling her son, as Snoke. ^WOOOooOOOOooOOAOOAaAaaAh. 
While i love Clone Wars, I also think that having those brain implants was a bit cheap way out of a better, more complex and morally compelling story. For me, scene where Cody orders artillery to shoot Obi-Wan was far sadder before seeing Clone Wars, he didn't became a droid and ordered it, he was following orders. And maybe, clone aiming that gun missed on purpose, unwilling to kill his year long master. 

Imagine having clones willingly follow order 66 only because they are soldiers and were bred to do so. Many of them would probably rebel and even try to save jedi, many would follow it knowingly what they do is wrong, and a lot woud think they are just fighting spies who were trying to destroy Republic from the inside. 
Not to mention Leia. From u/SkullOrchard's great [comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/starwarsspeculation/comments/5ausro/rey_kylo_twilight/d9mgomh/):

> She has taken such a narrative beating - she's lost parents, adoptive parents, her entire planet, her true love Han, the government she helped build, her brother in exile, her son gone Dark.

She needs her son back!
I honestly didn't realize this was a controversy until now. I always assumed that BBY and ABY were there purely for the benefit of the fans. 
Well you got me there. In my head canon that was not Vader. That was a skinny dude playing dress up.
That's just not how it works at all, dude.
Personally I think its more likely someone was in trouble and sent a Nightsister to go through and change all of that said, I really hope Darth Maul back was done in Empire and Vader is in a believable way.
I bet that planet is just a draugr tomb. 
Excluding Vader that's really mean :D 

Favourite Jedi: While I love Obi-Wan Kenobi I have to go with Plo Koon. He's basically the Gandalf of the Star Wars universe. I also like how he lives absolutely true to the jedi code but still manages to stay an open minded and kind individual.

Favourite Sith: Since I'm not allowed to use Vader I have to go with TPM Darth Maul. Initially I was thinking about picking Dooku but all the reason why I love him are within the continuity of the classic EU so yeahr he's out of the picture.

When I first saw him as a kid I shat my pants, he just looked so terrifying. And his fight with Obi-Wan Kenobi and Qui-Gon Jinn was just absolutely amazing, I love how he takes Jinn apart on a strategic level. 


Agreed, I don't see how anything in ROTS was darker than some of the events in the original trilogy.

Maybe there weren't enough ewoks.
I think it's been the worst year of a lot of our lives 
Can we count revan? ....Please?
brb crying
When do tickets go on sale?
[Kit Fisto is pretty fun.](http://imgur.com/a/Tzm1h)

I've always liked Plo Koon since I was little though, loved playing as him in Jedi Power Battles and such. I really liked what they did with him in TCW too.
I couldn't afford the boots, my apologies.
Even before watching the clone wars, ROTS was tough a tough pill to swallow as a kid. 
If you are going to commit to a Leia costume, go all-in. The flip-flops just look stupid and cheapen the whole look. 
At least in 4 we had heard the name of the planet being blown up before it was blown up. It did a pretty good job of reinforcing that Alderaan was important. I didn't know that Hosnian was a place until it got blown up.
You know, last time I checked, Rey was Daisy Ridley.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=pSOBeD1GC_Y
Obi-Wan Bialy 
A new Star Wars movie makes 2016 worth it
Leia's footwear is perfect for visiting Scarif.
It is in universe canon according to Pablo. He's just giving reasons why they always try and avoid using it.
> Whoever decided to play dress up would be choked to death.

I have trouble imagining Vader being quite so civilized in his response. 
He's taking a poll.  check his comment history.
She is super not holding that lightsaber at any realistic angle compared to what her arm or hand are doing. 
I want nothing more than George to come back with a sense of humor about all of Star Wars.  The new stuff he hasn't worked on, the prequels that he's fully aware people criticize, and the original stuff, too.

He always seems so serious about it all.  But this was a welcome change.
You saw the trailer?  I saw Doctor Strange yesterday, and I don't recall seeing a Rogue One trailer.  Does it vary by theater chain?
He literally goes on to tweet that it wasn't meant to be in universe, but that it is now.

They try not to use it, they don't date pre BBY materials (rebels) with it to avoid making kids count backwards, but they end up having to use it for "in universe" things like the atlas. 
A model representing a scene with three-dimensional figures, either in miniature or as a large-scale museum exhibit.
Really nice,  but the flat unpainted grey door kind of ruined it for me.  I know in a jerk. 
While not canon any more he has a lager role in the Legends novel 'the cestus deception', if you want more of him.
I'm having a really rough time at the moment and had completely forgotten a new one was coming out this year. Thanks for the revelation; this brings a bright spot into the near future!
As long as they're not being commissioned by Lucasfilms, they have artistic license.
It could be a lightsaber shoto. 
Fives...    😢
Nice, I do like the design a lot.
No clue. But during the clone wars Obi wasn't his master. They were equals. Anakin was a master at that point of Ahsoka (If not in Jedi Rank).  
Sounds plausible. What a mind-screw it'd be if people realized this scene is not from before The Force Awakens, but after. 
There's definitely a cool story somewhere about high-tech superheroes or mutants trying to understand where Jedi gets their abilities.

Any kind of crossover would have to be a non-canon event, though.

[I mean, Marvel used a comic event to rip a hole in the galaxy and introduce a character from a separate company entirely.](http://i.imgur.com/c9kuqNf.jpg)
It's like they ripped every character from a completely different scene with different lighting. 
That last one is so good but looks absolutely nothing like Rey. 
Hah. I didn't realize he was talking about 2016. I had just read the comments about 2015. 
Interesting.  
I think it's plausible for her to switch over because of her backstory. She feels abandoned, that's a very powerful emotion to exploit. Snoke needs powerful force users, and he can twist her using that. 
No clearly that's star trek acting out a scene from my little pony. Get your fandoms correct op. 

This comment brought to by I haven't watched walking dead but felt I needed to say something
>This is also a test
I don't even know what to say to that other than that he's a great actor and I think he'll kill the role. You do you, though.
Why do you say that?  Bob Iger is the CEO of Disney, and Lucasfilm and Marvel are wholly owned subsidiaries of Disney.

I get that Bob isn't there telling John Favreau how to make an Iron Man movie, telling Joe Quesada the world needs more Devil Dinosaur, or telling Kathleen Kennedy that Jaxxon has to be in the Han Solo movie, but he's their boss.

He's a smart guy and clearly wants to take a hands-off approach to everything and let these studios keep doing what they're doing, but if he wants a Star-Lord and Jaxxon team up, the world is going to get a Star-Lord and Jaxxon team up.
Eh, it wouldn't fit the Star Wars movies. Then again, this is a Saga movie. 
6 weeks..? I better go tell my doctor. Because this erection is gonna last longer than 4 hours.
I do think that every once and a while.  Then I think... *that means i'm going to die soon*.  One way or another.
I don't think this is Disney's motto.  
They love a good story, but they're willing to bend over backwards to avoid controversy. 
Lucasfilm on the other hand might be able to find a way to make it work and keep Disney happy. 
Its for when they come back, in greater numbers.
I heard it on Collider Movie Talk on YouTube
Precisely. Also the core message of the series is forgiveness and doing the right thing. Luke loves his father even though he turned into Darth Vader. Han loves his son even if he's Kylo Ren. If Kylo is not redeemed, it should be to carry forward a moral, or it will not feel right.
That'd also be pretty awesome, but slightly off character for the crazy old hermit.
> I am disappointed about Han dying too imo he should of sacrificed himself so that Rey could escape.

That would've been way too cliché I think. 

The whole point of having Han die at Ben's hands was to show that despite their estrangement over the years, Han loved his son and accepted all of him—the good, the bad, and the ugly. By walking across that bridge, he accepted whatever Ben's choice would be.
It's being used in a book that's written in Canon.
What happened there?
I kinda want the Jawa to be Obi-Wan and the droids to be Tusken Raiders.
I thought the speech was all right, but the nazi salute completely threw me out of the movie. These two elements together were WAY too much.
just seeing forrest whittaker in space reminds me too much of battlefield earth ... no thanks
Ben Solo is hard to do after what he's done, but it doesn't mean he can't be an anti-hero. People may hate him to his grave for killing Han, but they can at least watch him kick ass to try and atone for his sins. Maybe in the end they'll hate him less. But still a bit. 
I wanna see pics of the rest of your toys! That room looks fun. 
Gareth and Kathleen have been fighting about how much penetration they can get away with showing.
So that's it, huh?  We're the patsies?  Some kinda new hope.
Did Joel Schumacher make these??! Why do they have nipples!?!
Did you break your arms?
Why bother if the sub is already chock full of neckbeards that only watch common-denominator sci-fi movies? 
Would you settle for a John Hughes style epilogue where a freeze frame of the character tells us what they're doing now?
Took three years to edit six weeks of continuous footage.
Absolutely not because Thrawn the smartest guy ever and would see through any ruse and is the best at everything and totally not a Mary Sue at all.
Yeah, it definitely could have been worse. This is probably one of the better product-movie promos I've seen in a long while.
I feel far from good!
Han and Lando go to White Castle: a Star Wars story
I remember some post that detailed all the specifics of his armor and that it would be worth like millions. So the rebels maybe couldn't afford to spare the money on hoping no one would notice? Great point though, it would be awesome if that happens in rogue one, just imagine him walking into an empire command room and ordering them to retreat then everyone leaves the room and he takes off his helmet to radio the rebels "meesa mission is complete" it's the role we've all been waiting for
Same here. 
But the audience barely knows who Plagueis is. Making Snoke one his apprentices would be a callback to a little known conversation in Episode 3. Making him Plagueis himself would be more likely, but neither is likely to happen at this point.


I get a Visas Marr vibe from the dark side Rey
I'm all for a weird non-canon crossover comic. I'd be more pumped for that than the actual Star Wars comics tbh.
Because there's a lot of dumb people out there.
His answer there was essentially "the galaxy is huge, I'm sure someone does."  We have people in real life who think the earth is a few thousand years old.  They deny all the science that proves that to be false, but they still believe it.

Different cultures have different ways to measure time, and it makes sense that would also exist in Star Wars.
meh, it's basically episode 3.5, and as far as i'm concerned there is only one trilogy and that is the the original trilogy ... i have almost zero faith in disney at this point. 
What's next? Rey using Tampax?  Chewy using Rogaine?  Count Dooku using Head and Shoulders ... oh wait nevermind
Flying Solo: A Star Wars Story
But without context this this is no big deal
It's definitely just going to be called 'Han Solo' or 'Solo.'
I'd buy this T-shirt. 
?
Because some people hate them, and just because you enjoy them doesn't mean other people don't want to acknowledge them, and that shouldn't affect you in any way, either. I don't ignore or exclude them either, mind you, but I find it perfectly understandable, you can't seriously be in the dark as to why someone wouldn't want to include them?
I've just started TCW too and I 100% agree. 
Good.

Because that's silly.  It would be like if we based our timeline of World War 1 (it would be year 102 now), but then we'd probably have to change it again at World War 2 (it would be year 77 in that case).  America would probably be in year 15 right now while the rest of the world was somewhere else.

It makes sense for fans to refer to those years, since it provides a reference for when things took place in relation to the first and most popular entry to the series.  Even things like 5,000 BBY make sense from the outside.  But inside?  They have a 5,000 BBY that's still kind of relevant but have only progressed to 30ABY?  Why can't they just call it 5030?
Interesting
Ahsoka, because she is my waifu.
I mean, we're still waiting for the Rogue One marketing drive to kick in properly and it's only a month and a bit out. TFA mania had set in half a year before it released, and the posters were *everywhere* for months. Rogue One started much later and is taking it much easier, they're obviously never gonna market as heavily as they did TFA, that was a once in a lifetime event, but I'm really interested to see how much focus they put on Episode VIII.
I would prefer distinctly Christian things, or at least things Christians did "first" that was adopted by others, such as monasticism! But anything helps, thank you so much!
I kinda want the Jawa to have a lightsaber, but I really like this.
> There were some Jedi who didn't agree with these teachings and found a stronger bond to the Force and Light Side with their lover/spouse in the picture

They call that 'pulling a Bindo'.
The numbered installments being two years apart really doesn't bother me, I think it's a perfect period of time for this trilogy, one that has been properly planned out from the start and laid out properly, whereas neither of the other two trilogies really had that going for them. 

If the episodes were yearly, I'd have a problem, but the way I see it there's a Star Wars film every two years and *that's* the big event- there just happens to be other films set in the Star Wars universe in between them, but in my head they're just an appetizer for the real deal. 

Any shorter a period, like the planned release date in Summer 2017, it'd feel too soon, but any longer and my hype might die down a little bit. 
* **No religious posts**
I too would like to see more of the character.
The walker with a hole in it looks so weird.
I heard someone say that Lando was shredded 
I don't think you do have to wonder. The rebellion is made up of hundreds (thousands?) of individuals. We can just assume they're all the kind of people who are wandering around in the background in the rebel bases in the OT. We only really get a good look at fighter pilots (which is not what these characters are) and a few leaders (who *are* present in Rogue One) in the OT so there's not much to wonder. Just because they did this one mission doesn't mean it's weird that they're not best buds with Luke and Leia etc.
My thoughts exactly. As much as I love absorbing Star Wars canon in different mediums, I think if all the characters didn't die (or at least had the rest of their lives explained), we would see comics/books about them specifically that take place during ANH. I feel like that would just be unnecessary storytelling in those mediums where we could use more canon universe-expansion. 
*I just didn't agree with the politics. I'm not a fan of big government and propaganda films are distasteful.*

Source is The San Francisco Chronicle, May 23, 1971 according to Wikiquote.
Just remember, Rogue One is a prequel, if it turns out to be great we're gonna have to stop throwing that kinda language around!
I see your point, but please don't use the term "real fan". It's such a toxic idea to say you're a better fan than someone else because you like/dislike something. You liking the prequels or me disliking them doesn't make either of us more of a Star Wars fan, if someone is so offended by the prequels that they want to ignore them then they're every bit as much of a fan of the franchise as we are, if not somewhat more hyperbolic and impassioned about it. There are no tiers to fandom, we're all just fans of Star Wars.

That said, I definitely understand what you mean that the fact that there are some decent things that make the prequels worthwhile, but IMO they did enough damage to what my idea of the original trilogy was that I don't think the good redeems them. John Williams was obviously on point as usual, even if slightly less so than in the originals, and a few of the saber fights are great. I wouldn't say the majority of the casting being decent is necessarily a good quality though when the majority of those perfect castings were squandered though- McGregor and McDiarmaid were great, but some of the best actors of their generations, like Portman and Jackson, were *awful* in their roles. I do think the majority of the "key emotional scenes" are underwhelming too if I'm honest, with the exception of maybe the immolation scene. There are certainly redeeming qualities, but things like the hamfisted retconning of characters like Chewie and Boba actively damaged the franchise in my mind more than the good of the films contributed to it. 

Obviously though, that's all *entirely* opinion, art is subjective 100%, and what you weigh as good outweighing bad is just as valid as what I weigh as bad outweighing good. 
Your impression is a good one. From the Aftermath: Life Debt book General Hux is the illegitimate son of  Commandant Hux who ran the Imperial Academy.

Him feeling desperate to be important definitely fits with his background.
"Being in Washington is more fictional than being in Hollywood."

Found it on Wikiquote, but the source throws a 404.
This one wins
It's a fan rendering of a ship whose silhouette  appeared in the Dark Empire 2 book. It was called Bellator class  SSD
So a movie full of tools? I'm struggling to find how this is relevant it actually affects his work. Settings, props, lighting and actors are also just tools you use to create a movie and tell a story. 
I think a lot of it is that we know that the film takes place near A New Hope and has Vader in it, so there's kind of a perverse wish-fulfillment going on in wanting to see Vader wreck our rebel heroes up.
I always thought the foundation of the Empire or Palpatine's death would make far more sense for the Star Wars year zero.
Turning off the next generation? Really? Like, it's dark, yeah, but it's hardly the worst thing Star Wars has done. 
He does briefly address that here: https://twitter.com/pablohidalgo/status/795364443173457920
Yeah, it would actually be excellent if they could work that in.
Ask if she's got others
Unless Pablo is straight up contradicting a [tweet from a couple days ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/starwarscanon/comments/5b4srb/bbyaby_dating_system_is_used_inuniverse_in_the/) then some people do use it in-universe. 

This is a great discussion though. 
James Arnold Taylor is amazing! Thanks for sharing.
Of all the trillions upon trillions of people/beings in the entire galaxy to avoid pissing off, Darth Vader is #1.
Much safer targets out there to identify theft.
Someone didn't out right say it was but people can misconstrue it that was because it never said that it wasnt
I'm with you. The podcasts I listen to have been saying they'll be furious if it doesn't have a traditional opening crawl, but I really hope it doesn't.
How come?
I'm hoping that the last words of Rogue One are ..."a new hope".

Would bing be okay then?
I can't name 3 redeeming qualities for all the prequels combined but atleast they had a sliver of the Star Wars magic, but The Force Awakens felt like a really bad cast reunion on Jimmy Kimmel Live.
Betrayal and sacrifice are important themes. Obi-Wan and Han Solo both sacrifice their lives in order to influence Luke and Ben. Obviously the idea of faith to the force and trusting in its power. Darth Vader's redemption comes from his rejection of his wrongs, similar to the notion of penitence. Becoming one with the force as force ghosts is a sort of eternal life, however, not everyone in-universe has the potential to become a force ghost so it's a bit sketchier. 
Yeah I asked for the hat specifically.  I got a few Tshirts and a hoodie and the coat, so that will have to do.  Happy to have any of it.

Congrats to you!
So somebody claimed it's in-universe calendar? 
For me Doctor Strange is tied for 1st with Guardians. I think I like the more drawn out story lines where we can better get to know the characters (DS, GoG, Ant-man) and other people enjoy seeing how everyone interacts (avengers, civil war). 
Han Solo: Raiders of the lost ARQ. 
I agree - he should be completely unbeatable and someone all they can do is run from. That's pretty much what he was in Episode IV after all. My only thing is that I'd like to see at least some of them succeed in running. Doesn't have to be all. The difference between me and most of the rest of this subreddit is that if they all live, I won't celebrate. If they all die, lots of people here will pretty much fap over it. 
It's not being removed, he's just saying that it's not canon within the Star Wars universe, just ours. Personally, not an entire galaxy should use one form of time. Each planet is different and probably have their own calendars 
Curious, how do you know?
Not just any unit, but the 501st.
Shit dude, that's, like...3/13 of the year!
Does it have to be distinctly Christian things or can it be common religious things practiced within Christianity?
Ahh so Hoth is confirmed for Ep 7 and 8! ;)
This forced me too look back on 2016 (HOLY SHIT THE YEAR IS ALMOST OVER) and it was definitely a fantastic year for me. I moved 1500 miles away from home, was unemployed for two months after moving and lived with my girlfriend's sister until September, started a new job that puts me in really demanding situations on a constant basis, and had a whole host of other challenges. It's been great. I've learned that life is just fucking boring and I am unhappy when I don't have these challenges. I need that stress in my life to be my best.

We're all gonna make it, brah. And, even if we don't, we're all gonna die, so who cares?
>this is also a test
It's a shame Disney didn't let TCW play out - they should have at least given them enough time to wrap it up intentionally and bring things back to ROTS before switching gears to Rebels...
Kit Fisto, I loved his design ever since I received his toy as a kid. His character was expanded in TCW but I always wanted to get more of him in action
Because Star Wars is my childhood, and Disney decided to make it a  movie to promote the current anti-white male, leftist political agenda.

Now I guess I know what it's like to have my culture appropriated. 
That in no way makes it not a real star wars movie. It's canon. Just because it isn't part of a main trilogy does not make it any less of a star wars movie. Fantastic beasts is every bit a Harry Potter movie as the main series.

If it isn't a real starwars movie then what the hell is it? A fake starwars movie? Your argument would only make sense if it wasn't official canon
[update](https://imgur.com/gallery/vudSD) 
The color of a planet's sky is a result of the composition of the atmosphere and how those gases refract light from the planet's star(s)
haha that was my thoughts... i kept waiting to get angry... but... it wasn't terrible

My child was a huge fan and watched the five other films a lot as well as TCW obsessively. Order 66 and Anakin's fall ended her interest in Star Wars. The way they handled it was so dark they are turning off the next generation of fans. She watches TMNT now.
The opening tune is really ominous.  
But, it's not named "A new Hope".  So, does that mean that Episode IV ends before it began?
>  it just isn't part of a trilogy story arc

Hence, not a real Star Wars movie.

Just like "Fantastic Beasts" isn't a real Harry Potter movie.
He does seem to really want to play the role of mentor with his whole, "You need a teacher!" line. In a way he already started that process. By force reading her, she learned to turn it back on him and also mind trick that stormtooper.

For now, I'm living vicariously through fan art such as [this](https://ohtze.tumblr.com/post/152307076428/hello-reylo-lazy-afternooner-master-and), [this](http://radishwine.tumblr.com/post/147210288237/i-dont-need-a-teacher-shitwit) and [this](http://mintgal.tumblr.com/post/141389767592/hey-hey).
Lucas and team really missed this one. What pressure to write about whole different worlds.
Vader did not make Revenge 4/5
Kanan Jarrus, It's interesting seeing a Jedi who was only a padawan, and then had to leave the Jedi way to survive, and how he trains his own apprentice.
Absolutely. I think the problem is that films are limited to a short time period. TCW had episodes and episodes to flesh out characters and make them more attached to the viewers.
Ah ok, that's why I've barely heard anything about it.
How is it not a real starwars movie? It's every bit as much a starwars movie as TFA, it just isn't part of a trilogy story arc
> the little bits of brownish-yellow crusties that look like what actually seeps out of a wound

Yes! That's exactly what I was going for! I assumed an open wound like that would end up oozing serous fluid, even if I couldn't figure out whether it'd look like an electrical burn or thermal burn.

I know they have bacta tanks in Star Wars, but Kylo seems like the type to refuse all but the most necessary medical treatments, so he *should* be disfigured. What do you wanna bet they'll just give him a clean, rugged looking scar so as not to ruin his sex appeal though? Disney knows how much people are fangirling over Adam Driver right now.
This was my first thought. My second thought was that reddit is used by all ages who might be first discovering Star Wars, or simply people who are only starting to watch them since TFA reignited the spark
Yeah, I don't remember him using it in TCW but it may have happened at somepoint.
This one is a side story, so it's not part of the new trilogy
Nothings scarier than a Mandolorian that has force powers and a saber, especially if its Boba. 
Well, considering the movie *has* to connect directly to A New Hope I'm gonna guess it's a very realistic expectation the entire main cast will go down. If they really do go up against Vader in the end there is only one possible outcome I'm sure!
They live on the moons of Iego, I think. 
I'm currently watching The Clone Wars for the first time (just getting into season 4) and I feel the same way. These stories should have been told before episode 3. The tv show does more to flesh out characters and especially establish the relationship between Anakin and Obi-Wan than the films ever could (or, at least, did). 
>test
Ekhm, why the hell would you explain something that is only used to sort the timeline by fans? 

And honestly, the BBY/ABY is so common it shouldn't be changed/removed/whatever. 
Couldn't find any new scenes or things I hadn't seen already in other trailers (except for the flyby). So excited for the movie, it's so hard to avoid watching this kind of stuff.. Worse is that I Googled for the book coming out and there were some suggested spoilers in the Google results tho' :(
Exactly. It's set up so brilliantly if that's the way they want to go.
because it is awesome!! 

but perhaps they should be closer together to lessen the width of the pic and the Title should be in the middle
How to get 6000 upvotes...
Honestly for me it's the music that's lacking. It's just not star wars without John Williams 
It has a girl in it, icky right?
Ask obi juan, her only ho.
>Source for this? Where does it say there was no one else in there? It's more likely someone was in there, or came along later and helped him. Maul without his legs isn't going to hop around and escape Naboo himself. For all we know Mother Talzin could have sensed he was in trouble and sent a Nightsister to go and help him. We don't know.

No direct source, just going off the movie(I suppose you could count TPM game expanding on the area and no showing anyone too, but that's iffy). There didn't appear to be a single soul in the place aside from Obi-wan, Quigon, and Maul. Even if there was I wouldn't image they hang out at the bottom of giant pits, if anything they'd probably be up where the duel was originally taking place, which is many levels above where Maul would have landed.

>It's not. We literally don't know. I'm not creating excuses for it. There is literally no story yet that explains how Maul survived. We will likely get something in the future.

I'm saying it's an excuse because it would require one hell of a story to get him out of his situation and it's just not believable. By bringing him back and not mentioning how he survived they're basically saying "Yeah we don't know either."

>His legs were cut off, nothing else, and the wound was cauterized.

Check again, the cut was above his legs right around his hips. Would have sliced through his intestines, damaged the liver, possible stomach damage, the point is cauterized or not you don't just "live" through that without some serious help and fast.

>I'm not arguing whether a black weapon would be popular or not, I'm saying that a black weapon doesn't break the suspension of disbelief in Star Wars because there are things like sound in space. A black weapon doesn't break immersion.

Again you're arguing something that is basically common to 99% of media science fiction depictions against something that I have literally never seen in my life time of watching Scifi outside of that one stupid lightsaber. Personally I find it more irritating than impossible though, just because the idea of a black saber just screams out "I'm from a 12 year olds OC Sith named Darth Lord ShadowHawk the Hedgedog who's the darkest most evil sith ever!". I know a Mandalorian had it, but that almost makes it worse (gotta put those Mandalorians in every timeline! Kids love the boba feet!)

>I haven't. I'm just looking at all the films from an unbiased point of view for this debate in order to see what George was trying to accomplish with the universe. Opinions on the prequels and their quality is irrelevant, they are a huge part of Star Wars. The question now is whether certain EU material fits in the Star Wars universe, and I say yes they do because of the prequel films which showcase many concepts and designs that allow the EU material to comfortably fit in the universe that George has created. The black lightsaber for example would probably not be out of place in the prequel films.

You know I think we found a point we agree on, that black saber would indeed fit into the prequels. You can say that it's about George and his universe, but the prequels were rushed out the door and had very little real thought put into them. When you say things "fit" into the prequels you're basically telling me they fit into terrible writing. I respect George Lucas for all he's done, but I'm not going to try to force myself into liking something that's bad just because it's part of the universe.

>Yes, because they played the film safe. JJ was only allowed to bet on red when making it even though the 
prequels had some great ideas.

A little too safe I would agree, but the end result shows that playing it safe makes for a better movie than the prequel equivalent of running across a 6 lane highway. In between is certainly best, but Ep7 was a lot closer to ideal than 1-3. 

>The prequels had tons of great, original designs and concepts in them. The plot of the films themselves and direction are the things that were not good. The planets, designs, aliens, etc were all good, and served as excellent world building tools to expand the universe outside of what we saw in the original films. The expanded universe did the exact same thing, and I fail to see how comparing the EU to the prequel content is ridiculous when the EU content has a ton of imagery that's relatable to the prequel films. Coruscant itself was spawned in the expanded universe, and was cherry picked by George from it because he believed it fit into the world he was making. My entire point is that tons of EU content falls in line with Star Wars because of the imagery and designs created by the prequel films. If the original movies were the only films that existed in the Star Wars franchise, I can guarantee you that a lot of designs and imagery like this would not exist. Star Wars would remain more along the lines of a classic, campy, Buck Rodgers type series without the ideas the prequels brought forth.

And yet despite all the cool stuff from prequels there was lots of stupid stuff too, hell it even managed to take some stuff and ruin if after it was made (General Grievous, Genndy's version, was great stuff. Grievous in RotS? Comical villain who's most powerful technique is to spin a bunch of lightsabers at once).

Also I find it amusing that the picture you're using as an example of Prequel based imagery is based almost entirely around the original trilogy imagery. We got ancient Sandcrawlers, we got sith armor that looks like Vader's, we got stormtroopers, we got walkers, and up in the sky we have star destroyers. What part of this image again draws from the prequels?
Yeah it's been pretty bad for me and my family too. Why was 2016 so bad for everyone? That shits weird 
>death watch


>**death watch**


>**DEATH WATCH**

**TRIGGERED**
It's just that their deaths would make the stakes in episode 4 so much more severe knowing what it took to get those plans. 
Now I want someone who's better with technology than I am to put it in black and white
I have two American 2 dollar bills.

This has been greedos_trigger facts. Thanks for subscribing. 
I don't think the idea is that everyone has a death quota, but we know this is a prequel that took place very close to a new hope.  So if these people don't die you have to wonder where they were for the rest of the rebellion. 
Name 3 redeeming qualities of Clones, I can think of 2 at most
(It was a joke)
>*ok so how do we bold?*
I hate to be the one to tell you this but they actually blow one up but the Empire builds a new one for ANH
Well, looks like toilets are now canon
>so is this 
Red 3 standing by 
We just got some cups with these designs on them at work.
I believe the explanation (at least in the old Extended Universe before that was scrapped) was that Jedi used the Force to augment the orientation of their lightsabers during combat, which would in effect "aim" the deflected laser blasts.
They were indeed delightful birthday treats. 

http://imgur.com/SWKl3hm
http://imgur.com/4Rif9lx

Are tickets on sale yet?
Totally with you. Doesn't look good to me 
Imperial Farms remembers.
My impression and my level of interest for this Star Wars movie is about the same as it is for those sci-fi movies.  Not really a controversial statement, despite some people twisting it that way.  
And I still don't have tickets. Someone please inform fandango this is star wars not fucking thor
This is one aspect I wish the prequels had focused more on. It would have been pretty powerful if Anakin had eventually been explicitly forced to choose between his marriage and having what he wanted emotionally versus his pride in being a Jedi/The Chosen One. Even if it was just Obi-Wan finding out and talking to him privately about it.
I feel like this is the movie for those of us who really liked the military side of Star Wars. I always wondered if they'd do a movie akin to the Rogue Squadron books. 
https://media.giphy.com/media/8miYQYfpol1qU/giphy.gif
The test starts
> now
Wait. Did fans really think BBY/ABY were used in universe? I *always* assumed it was an out of universe explanation to help us understand the timeline?

Why did this need to be explained?
Marvel's brought DCU characters in and treated them very well.
Bowie agrees
It never did, though, right?  Not even in Legends?
I am super hyped for Rogue One.  
As someone who didn't really like TFA, Rogue One just looks way better in every way.  
It has everything that I want from a new Star Wars movie.
Earth is in the Star Wars universe. They're presented as old stories from far away.
Oh yeah! He was awesome! Member the Darksaber?!
Hahahah, yep that could be it. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) 
I asked the love of my life to marry me on Xmas eve while at the movies watching the force awakens because she is a star wars fanatic. It was my happiest moment. She left me 2 months ago for a coke dealer 20 years older then her and lied to me the whole time. Said we just needed space and she told me every day she loved me. We would make it through this. Yet she was really with him. So this year I'm going to see the movie alone. Been kinda feeling suicidal lately. How could she play a game like that? 
<this Is not a test
I know this is taking the conversation in another direction... but is it just me, or is 2016 somewhat of a crap year for movies? I'm not saying that there have been *no* good/great movies, but it just seems like the entire year has been a bit of a letdown. 

2015 seemed to be chock-full of great movies. It seems like I could go to the movie theater, throw a dart at their lineup, and see a good, entertaining film. This year, however, I think I've seen like... a handful of quality films. I've seen at least fifteen movies in theaters this year, but I feel like half of them were forgettable and only a few were truly great. 

Then again, I think that's just because most of the movies I've been anticipating are debuting this month and next (Doctor Strange, Hacksaw Ridge, Fantastic Beasts, and **FUCKING ROGUE ONE**). But I feel like I've been watching *way* more quality TV this year than seeing actual movies, and that bums me out a little. 
You're in /r/starwars. I'm guessing a large majority of people here care.
So is Jyn Ersi and Captain Cassian Andor just a white-wash remake of Jan Orso and Kyle Katarn?
I really hope you're making a joke.
Couldn't help but feel frustrated by this episode - the whole chase through the canyon as they slowly killed off the Mandalorians only really happened because they didn't finish them off when they had the opportunity while chopper distracted them with the noise.

Given we've already seen Ezra be a bit more cold blooded this season, it just made parts of the episode feel quite forced.

It's a minor thing to complain about but it always irritates me when they can't atleast think up a better excuse to prolong a situation to get more action out of it.
It really does make sense though, two big turning points in the Star Wars history would probably either be the formation of the Empire or the death of the Emperor/fall of the Empire, the destruction of the first death star isn't as important to the history of the universe as those moments. Personally I think that a pre and post Empire dating system would make the most sense.
Personally, I'm glad he's clearing this up. There's no in-universe reason for the Battle of Yavin to be so significant that it's the turning point for the whole galaxy's calendar.
Is mayonnaise Valkorion?
No, no, no. It's all wrong! Snoke is Oggurobb!
Luke wins 9/10. ROTJ Vader is stated and shown to be superior to ROTS Anakin, and Luke was able to match him. Vader wasn't the only one holding back in that fight, luke was too. He was trying to turn vader and said multiple times "I will not fight you father." Luke being a duelist on the level of ROTJ Vader puts him solidly above Anakin. 
Yes, and it's great. Slavin is this bumbling fool who just doesn't understand counter-insurgency strategy, whereas Thrawn knows that it isn't just about military strength, it's about understanding the prey. Thrawn is obviously annoyed and fed up with Slavin's inability to understand the enemy on a more complex level. Slavin is everything that's wrong with how the Empire is handling the rebellion, and I think Thrawn knows this and is disgusted by this mindset. 
The issue I have with the idea of Kylo not being redeemed is that it makes Han Solo's sacrifice all for nothing.

Han willingly crossed that bridge as an act of love for his son and for Leia (who told him to give Ben a chance). Why kill off such a beloved character only to show that it doesn't trigger a huge (positive) change in Kylo?
But more importantly, death watch and Yoda fudge.
It's the only one I've seen.
The lightsabers wayyy too short. Looks like the length of yoda's lol 
Lightblade VR has a significantly more "accurate?" reflection mechanic where angles and such really matter.  I found Trials on Tatooine way less interactive, and almost boring because it was so automatic that shots reflected directly at whatever badguys were most convenient.  I felt like way more of a badass in Lightblade where you really had to learn the technique to do reflection hits, as compared to how relatively easy it is to just block them initially.
Really nice! I especially love the little bits of brownish-yellow crusties that look like what actually seeps out of a wound.

The nose bridge is like the only part of it that takes me out of it, but that's not your fault - TBH I think with a mark like that, Kylo's nose should have been laid open across the bridge, totally bisected. I wonder how gnarly his facial scar is gonna be in Eps. 8 and 9?
Blue skies on Coruscant, Tatooine, Jakku, and Hoth even though they don't have oceans.
Yes I think this is how it works in Trials on Tatooine ( or else I am really bad at this game)... Maybe the direction of your look is taken into account somehow ?
> Still don't have an answer on how Kylo stopped the blaster bolt in time in the beginning of TFA though. It retained it's velocity when he let it go and was pulsing and "alive" while held stationary. Shouldn't happen like that, based on our understanding of how blasters work.

He used the Force to slow down time around the blaster bolt. I'm a Star Wars scientist and this is what happened
Tell that to his force ghost
Ohh I didn't see his username. Here you can have 1 back
Oooh I member! Member Pre Vizla? 
> They're moving on pretty thin ice here when all kinds of different writers and directors get to decide what is and what isn't canon, just a few big mistakes and Star Wars as a whole will become a far less enjoyable experience.

Yes, that's what happened with the old EU, but the films are a bit different. I'm pretty sure part of Kathleen Kennedy's role is approving big story elements for the films for what will eventually be canon. Thus this EU will have at least some cohesion where the last one was sorely lacking. 
I've never seen a movie where people want characters to die this much. If they die, they die. As long as it means something and has emotional weight, not just to fulfill a quota. 
Darth Vader killed Obi Wan which is the in universe equivalent of Kylo killing his father.

I am disappointed about Han dying too imo he should of sacrificed himself so that Rey could escape. But hey I haven't seen the next two movies maybe they will make that scene better. 
It's the same clip they used in Trailer 2 but earlier on, before the X-Wing leaves the frame.
> it might as well be Hunger Games, Divergence, the Maze  
  
How?
Legends established that "Hell" was a concept in Corellian Culture, basically was the same thing as "Hell" here.
I definitely think Han recognized him, he just wanted 3PO to get out of the way. lol
maybe not dark side but I could totally see Rey with a double-bladed lightsaber 
[Removed the text and combined them into one banner.](http://i.imgur.com/DAxAhMM.jpg) To what point and purpose, I do not know.
member Clan Ordo?
>The humanoid shape seems like the perfect way for a species to survive.

Only if your human. The human body plan evolved under very specific circumstances including niche and environment of the african savannah.

But what of the ocean-dwelling Mon Calamari and Quarren? The eusocial Geonosians? The people of Pantora? They live in radically different environments under radically different selection pressures yet still evolved two arms, two legs, two eyes, bipedalism and the ability to breathe oxygen.
John Williams always does S tier work and those performances were great. But I could honestly care less as those were just temporary enjoyment that lasted but a few hours; while the Plinkett reviews have entertained me for dozens upon dozens. So I misspoke, not the only good thing, but by far the best thing.
This is an oft-asked question.  

Out of universe, the idea of C3PO previously visiting the Lars farm did not exist in the original film.

In-universe, Translators droids are pretty common and 3PO only visited in adjunct with Skywalker and that only briefly.   Then it had been decades since then.  
Huh. Same.
The action sequence in this...wow. It might be Rebels best one yet. The animation was so fluent, the sound effects were amazing and I loved the music, plus Supercommandos are so freaking cool. Other than that this episode felt the most filler-y thus far. 
Ad floodgates come open Wednesday. 
Oh yeah! I member! Member Prime Minister Almec?
Because I'd been losing interest for a while in it all together and with the Hobbit films, I decided to stop caring. The LOTR movies and books are still good, I just don't care to watch them, own them, or read them anymore, and I didn't go see the second and third Hobbit films because I didn't feel like wasting my time.

So I think my point still stands, why spend time or money going to see Rogue One if you have no interest in it and no interest in new SW material? There's no point to it, especially when the only reason provided is because the poster said they'd spent thousands on the franchise already. Why spend more? That *is* the Sunk Cost fallacy right there: "Your decisions are tainted by the emotional investments you accumulate, and the more you invest in something the harder it becomes to abandon it."

https://youarenotsosmart.com/2011/03/25/the-sunk-cost-fallacy/
I don't think anyone wants to be Darth Vader except for Halloween.
...and tickets are still not on sale
The kyber throne.
No worries, thanks for looking out. I'd love to have an Executor-class destroyer on display, either as a LEGO build or model with lights installed on a shelf. But I think I have to wait until I get my own room when we by a house together! 
I'm not so sure.  I've watched that scene dozens of times and I'm still not convinced Ben turned on the lightsaber, I still think it might have been Han who turned it on.  Ben's face looks more shocked than Han's.
Alright then.
Worst year of your life SO FAR.
As you wish...
Ask Carrie Fisher. 
Pretty sure Gibson is a well known racist so that doesn't surprise me. They did do some really fucked up shit though in the war. Definitely get what you mean though. Thanks 
Who says no one ever tried to and we just haven't seen that story yet?

But I doubt it as I would think most people would be to scared to impersonate him.  

Although the best time to have done it would have been after ROTJ when the real one was gone.  Imagine if it was a fake Vader who started the First Order.

What if....fake Vader is Snoke?
3 girls actually, but one of them does read comics so she wasn't relevant. 😃
ay lmao
So you're saying Jawa's are secretly [Garo Robes](http://zeldawiki.org/Garo)? New head canon confirmed.
It was fucking bomb.

Just make SURE you see it in IMAX 3D.

The movie's visualizations demand it.
> test comment please ignore
LOL... that's some serious WTF-logic right there.
>Okay for starters there was no one in that entire powerplant outside of the people dueling in there.

Source for this? Where does it say there was no one else in there? It's more likely someone was in there, or came along later and helped him. Maul without his legs isn't going to hop around and escape Naboo himself. For all we know Mother Talzin could have sensed he was in trouble and sent a Nightsister to go and help him. We don't know.

>Also saying "we don't know" is such a terrible excuse to justify bringing back someone who was cut in half and thrown into a massive steel shaft.

It's not. We literally don't know. I'm not creating excuses for it. There is literally no story yet that explains how Maul survived. We will likely get something in the future.

>now he has to deal with being literally cleaved in half and having his internal organs destroyed along his stomach (there's a lot in there you know). But nah he's fine.

His legs were cut off, nothing else, and the wound was cauterized.

>As for the sound in space part, come on that's being pedantic. Sound in space has been the standard in cinema for years and years, black laser shooting weapons have never been because it's ridiculous and if it wasn't from such an adored series people would be calling it out as such.

I'm not arguing whether a black weapon would be popular or not, I'm saying that a black weapon doesn't break the suspension of disbelief in Star Wars because there are things like sound in space. A black weapon doesn't break immersion.

>As for the prequel thing and vision, have we really all developed Stockholm's syndrome about those movies? Yes, it's George's vision, but as the prequels demonstrated that doesn't make it good.

I haven't. I'm just looking at all the films from an unbiased point of view for this debate in order to see what George was trying to accomplish with the universe. Opinions on the prequels and their quality is irrelevant, they are a huge part of Star Wars. The question now is whether certain EU material fits in the Star Wars universe, and I say yes they do because of the prequel films which showcase many concepts and designs that allow the EU material to comfortably fit in the universe that George has created. The black lightsaber for example would probably not be out of place in the prequel films.

>There's a reason why EP7 imitated the original trilogy and AVOIDED imitating the prequels with basically everything in it.

Yes, because they played the film safe. JJ was only allowed to bet on red when making it even though the prequels had some great ideas.

>The prequels had a ton of stupid things in them and using them as a sort of standard to compare EU content to strikes me as ridiculous honestly.

The prequels had tons of great, original designs and concepts in them. The plot of the films themselves and direction are the things that were not good. The planets, designs, aliens, etc were all good, and served as excellent world building tools to expand the universe outside of what we saw in the original films. The expanded universe did the exact same thing, and I fail to see how comparing the EU to the prequel content is ridiculous when the EU content has a ton of imagery that's relatable to the prequel films. Coruscant itself was spawned in the expanded universe, and was cherry picked by George from it because he believed it fit into the world he was making. My entire point is that tons of EU content falls in line with Star Wars because of the imagery and designs created by the prequel films. If the original movies were the only films that existed in the Star Wars franchise, I can guarantee you that a lot of designs and imagery like [this] (https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/87/fd/f3/87fdf33375ea172d783697be9a78aed6.jpg) would not exist. Star Wars would remain more along the lines of a classic, campy, Buck Rodgers type series without the ideas the prequels brought forth.
Darth Vader was hardly seen by the public. he was like the imperial boogeyman. The empire would have said that Vaders death was rebel propaganda like they briefly did with the emperor
I love it. His armor looks fucking rad too
Commander is canon, insofar as vehicles, characters, and units is concerned. The path your character chooses in the story is not canon, however.

So...I don't see why that is such a big deal.
"Han Solo", then "Han Duo" and "Han Trio".
> This is also a test 
Why would the Empire need to, though? The question makes it seem as though the rebels would be impersonation, or at the very least not the Empire as a whole. Obviously the suit could be remade or copied, just not quickly enough to make it feasible.
> yo
Pretty epic!
doesn't feel like there is
To the top with you
Because Vaders presence would surely be reported and would eventually reach the real Vader and palatine. Whoever decided to play dress up would be choked to death.
It's like asking "even though I have access to advanced makeup and prosthetics and clothing, why don't I go to work disguised as my boss so I can order people around"
Eventually the real one would find out.
She also ignored previously established facts while doing his, which is very important. Traviss notably ignored the fact that Halsey had the full approval of ONI in doing her work, and instead rewrote history as if she acted unilaterally, just so she would have all the blame! It was outrageous.

EDIT: And in regards to Legends, I don't really want to recall those painful memories but put very briefly, Traviss had an EXTREMELY anti-Jedi stance, and rewrote the Mandalorians into this ridiculously perfect superior culture that got more absurd in each new novel. She basically threw a hissy fit when the Clone Wars didn't portray them the same way and left for "creative differences." She also wrote a few books in the post-ROTJ legends continuity in which she did the same super bias for the Mandalorians and sidetracked the main plot so she could gush about how great Boba Fett is and how the great Mandalorian culture is STILL better than everyone else. Ugh.
If people on here can make an identical replica of Darth Vaders suit in their garage I'm sure the empire would be able to manage it
I wish they did more with Phasma because of the marketing they did, but to be honest, I think it was mostly because people got excited that Gwen Christie would be in a Star Wars film. I have a feeling we've seen the last of her, at least in the main films if she's even still alive.

That being said, I highly doubt Finn would be a double agent just because of how they've been marketing everything. On top of that, in the actual story, he wanted nothing more than to get as far away from the First Order as possible. 
Here's the original source page, also has other angles. This guy has a lot of cool Star Wars 3D ships.

http://fractalsponge.net/?p=155
I can hold it
They had space traveling vehicles... Surely they could have built a replicate suit.
That's most likely what they're gonna do. This years Celebration was very lackluster, so holding anything episode 8 related for Celebration will make it really good
Who the F cares, another log of poop coming from the rectum of Disney
Now *that* has comic potential!
He already has a good sort of tension with Kylo so it'd be great if he became a faction separate from Kylo in and of himself. 
Just wanted to make sure you weren't getting a poster of the wrong ship!

I also love the *Executor*-class. They're definitely my favorite Star Destroyer variant. 
It's from the Clone Wars
Okay for starters there was no one in that entire powerplant outside of the people dueling in there. So where did he get help exactly? Also saying "we don't know" is such a terrible excuse to justify bringing back someone who was cut in half and thrown into a massive steel shaft. He was CUT. IN. HALF. Let's assume he survived, then he has to survive the landing, okay so he uses the force or whatever, now he has to deal with being literally cleaved in half and having his internal organs destroyed along his stomach (there's a lot in there you know). But nah he's fine.

As for the sound in space part, come on that's being pedantic. Sound in space has been the standard in cinema for years and years, black laser shooting weapons have never been because it's ridiculous and if it wasn't from such an adored series people would be calling it out as such.

As for the prequel thing and vision, have we really all developed Stockholm's syndrome about those movies? Yes, it's George's vision, but as the prequels demonstrated that doesn't make it good. There's a reason why EP7 imitated the original trilogy and AVOIDED imitating the prequels with basically everything in it. The prequels had a ton of stupid things in them and using them as a sort of standard to compare EU content to strikes me as ridiculous honestly.
Wow, looks fantastic! 
I have a theory that this whole sequence might be from VIII. Or at least, we'll see a very similar scene and Rey's vision of this moment is both filling in the past and foreshadowing. 

My thoughts are mostly based on [Spoilers from Ep 8 Leaks](/s "There's been the leaks/pics confirming that Kylo and the Knights of Ren will confront Luke and Rey on the island, and it's apparently raining. The only thing about this not being connected to the force-back scene is the bodies on the ground.. But I'm pretty confident that the Knights of Ren just being teased in the way they were is something Rian asked JJ to do, either way - so we'll definitely see more of them in VIII.")
Not quite sure what you're asking. Like why has no one tried to impersonate him in any of the movies? Like why was that never part of their plan? Cause the only time that would have been useful would have been in the first film, when Luke and Han are freeing Leia, and its not like they had a spare darth vader suit lying around.... Plus Luke had never even heard of Darth Vader until R2 led him to Obi-Wan, and he had never seen him until Darth Vader killed Obi-Wan. Han may or may not have heard of him before that, we dont really know. But the point is there are many reasons the idea of impersonating Darth Vader wouldnt have been a good plan or one they would've thought of and been able to execute before boarding the Death Star. 

And as far as the other two movies go, considering how things played out, it wouldnt have made sense to impersonate him.  

Honestly the idea sounds like something you'd see on the little rascals or a saturday morning cartoon... just very silly..
But where would they get another suit? After all, anyone not wearing it would never be taken seriously anyway, even if it were Vader. He'd have to kill a few people while out of it for word to spread that he WAS out of it.
Completing the diorama shows true mastery of the game.
A true life long fan
I am getting a son so if she delivers quick the three of us can see it together
Coke jokes!
Bloodlines is written by the author of Lost Stars, so I thought it would be good. Only read Lost Stars, Tarkin, and Aftermath, so I can Co firm everything you said. Aftermath is horse shit and Lost Stars is incredible.
It looks really cool! Can't wait to see it when it is finished! :) 
On the subject of Ren's lightsaber, I'm actually a really big fan. It's a unique style of saber but not just "how cool can we make this", it has a clear function with the cross-guard hilt design. It's doesn't stretch my lightsaber design suspension of belief nor does it come across as over the top "movie fighting" like dual wielding 2-handed weapons does or using double bladed staves.

Also your second example is exactly the kind of thing I dislike, "oh no! I'm being outmatched, I better wield more lightsabers!". It's one of those things that's diametrically opposed to the original idea of the force, that the force is actually about whoever wields the most/best weapons. That and in the scenario you described wouldn't a 1-handed second weapon work better in that situation? Trying to block someone with a staff with one hand seems like a poor idea. Again, it doesn't have to be reality it just has to be grounded in it.

And it's not just a matter of knowing what to do with the weapons, it's just not something you can do in a believable way. It's a physics issue not a mental capability issue. Rey's first fight, and Finn's too, were very believable because they played out like a real sword fight, not like a wire-fu movie. Again, it's not that a Jedi couldn't mentally perform it, it's a physics issue and a practicality issue "Why am I using this staff and a saber when using one would work better 99% of the time?", the answer can't just be "because I can". 
I'm still waiting for on-screen Bothans. That's gonna be neat.
I REALLY wish we got more of this scene. Or just more of Ben's Betrayal in general. 
The episode was alright, but I really don't like the way that Fenn Rau pulled a 180 and said "if it weren't for you capturing and imprisoning me I would have been killed as well"

It just feels out of character for a Mandalorian, especially a high ranking one. You'd think he'd rather die with his brothers than be a rebel prisoner
I.. You can't just.. That's just.. Hmmmm..
I have been saying this since everyone started crowing that this is proof they can't be related. It's like people haven't seen star wars. 
After the podracing it made for a somewhat enjoyable film, Phantom is still probably the second worst Star Wars movie for me though.
I agree :(
Oh, well I guess I was wrong.


When do tickets go on sale?
Shhhhhh!! We still have this month and December to go before we're clear.
Better origin than Guardians?
You're = You are. Don't correct a grammar nazi, you neo-grammar nazi.
I cant confirm that someone else said it in this thread
In the link you provided it says "when the prior choices are no longer working"..The lotr trilogy is still of high quality . Why judge the lotr movies/books on the quality of the horrible hobbit movies? I hate tfa & was not a huge fan of the prequels but still covet my eu books/games and enjoy them. It sounds like you were just jumping off the bandwagon
I've been kind of wondering what was going to happen regarding the mask; assuming it was lost in the destruction of Starkiller Base, that led me to think later that showing his face from there on out might be some kind of symbolic thing in his overall arc. Is there any credence that can be lent to this idea?
With anything popular, there's always going to be bandwagoners 
Ty!
Right, what did he expect them to say? "Oh, crap, he's right!"
^It ^smells ^like ^old ^people.
But the Cubs won the World Series 
Well, Luke and Leia *had* met, after a fashion.
Oh, I member Endor.
[here is my quick/lazy attempt to remove text  using photoshops content aware](http://imgur.com/a/yUzpQ)
Delightfully simple, yet so powerful.
>First, if you don't want to imply you speak for everyone maybe you shouldn't say stuff like "you guys" "you all" as though you're speaking for everyone.

It was my mistake, it's really not a big deal.

>The staff thing, that's fine and dandy about blades but if you look at the art it's more staff than anything, that sucker would weigh a ton relative to a standard saber. 

The staff didn't seem to weigh that much in the previous film. And as I said, the blades themselves have no weight. It's not like a medieval weapon that has hunks of metal attached at the end. It's light.

>Also I really dislike the argument you're making of "it's magic man, it's fiction, don't worry about it". There's a reason why Ep 7 featured a traditional duel between lightsabers instead of something more similar to the prequels

It featured that type of duel because it was a battle between 2 novices, Episode 8 and 9 will likely have them both performing far more advanced techniques. 

>because more lightsabers and more pointless complexity doesn't make for more interesting battles. 

Strongly disagree: https://youtu.be/Lf0qZLK8l-Y?t=111

>Obviously they're going to fight beyond the laws of reality, but it should be grounded enough for the audience to believe it's an actual fight. If I see something fighting with a long ass saberstaff in one hand and a 1-hander in the other, my suspension of disbelief is going to be shattered.

When it's too grounded, the Jedi and Sith may as well be normal fencers, but the point is they aren't. Force users in general aren't. If Rey was fighting Kylo, and another Knight of Ren, and she is in a saber lock with Kylo while a Knight is about to charge her from the side, there would be nothing wrong with her using the force to call that staff to her hand if it were just laying on the ground or something in order to block the incoming Knight with it, then proceed to drive them both back with it and the other lightsaber.

>Because even a superhuman person would never wield these things for any reason beyond "oh man it's so cool!".

If it can be made to be practical from their abilities, yes they would. It's the same reason why force users use lightsabers in the first place. Normal people wouldn't be able to use a lightsaber as effectively as a Jedi or Sith. They're weapons that are used to block laser fire from multiple angles, and they can do this because of their extensive training and access to the force. Any normal person would find using it in such a manner to be extremely ridiculous and impossible, just like you're doubting the idea that Rey can use a saber pike and a normal lightsaber at the same time even though she's basically a space monk that can glimpse into the future and adjust her movements accordingly to her opponent as to not screw up and make the weapon impractical.
Me either. Don't they want my money now? Hopefully within the next week or so we will hear something. 
I would think if you are making a game you would just make the blaster bolt deflect in the direction of the nearest enemy (to what the reflected angle would have been) with an offset. It would probably be more accurate based on the difficulty level. Based on what you have presented it would be pretty impossible to expect someone to be able to deflect one accurately, but holding a 'laser shield' probably isn't going to be as fun as the feeling of deflecting actual blaster bolts. This is also how I assume Trials on Tatooine does it.
I wouldn't say it really debunks any theories, just that JJ is the international man of the mystery box and everything he says should be taken with a grain of salt. 

You can almost here the voices of millions of sjws typing away on their change dot org petitions provided that is the route the movie goes in.
*bing* Roll credits
*I member...*
Monday
TFA was basically the same thing as a new hope but its still better than podracing
I think it would actually be pretty progressive to take Rey in that direction anyway.
I just can't understand why they're pushing it so late.

Doesn't make any sense.

As cool as this is, i hope this doesn't happen. 
Wookieepedia says 15km, I was going with that 
I hear you but I definitely want a peak condition Vader to descend on this rebel scum like a Sith tornado. However I don't need it to be excessively cruel or gory. I'm most excited to see the promise of Vader as a powerhouse Sith master fulfilled. It's something we have never really seen in any of the films. For that reason he will very likely be the most interesting character amongst the group of tropes they have assembled. Blind master, war weary soldier, young fiery rebel heroine. They're not really breaking any new ground here.
>Jyn Erso

>gaping hole
Don't forget the shitshow of celebrities that passed away this year. A lot of great people died early on in the year too.
10 years is a pretty long time in someone's life. Especially when you consider how old someone is. 

For me, I'm 18. So 10 years ago was a *very* different time, being a little 8 year old fuck and what not. A lot has changed. 
> How do you do those lines

Quote them.  Or put > in front of the line.
Really? I don't follow star wars too much, enjoy watching it, though. Seems to be really poor advertisements then.. Thought the movies would be every 2-3 years.
I felt like this was the weakest episode of this season. While it introduces Saxon and shines a light on the smaller character interactions, it didn't really do much for me. 
aha wow
Yeah 2016 sucked
Darth Vader didn't kill Han Solo. 
Man it has been relatively shit for me as well. At least there's star wars
Same here.
I'm not hyped at all either, I'll see it, but I'm not really excited
member Death Watch?
^who ^is ^pops
There are 3 main characters that can somewhat match OP's question: R2, C3P0, and Chopper. On one hand the circumstances behind C3P0 are: he's a protocol droid, he specializes in translating languages but more than just a google translate, there's syntax, inflection, etc so it seems like he is just a robot person, yet he makes several references to his protocol and programming of what he's allowed and not allowed to do. He doesn't have free will (although the type of character traits 3P0 has doesn't seem to conflict with his programming). R2 and Chopper however seem to be able to get away with whatever the hell they want half the time but again their character traits make them loyal to Anakin/Luke, Hera/Ghost crew
I hope so. IDK if you've kept up with this sub though, people are downright *gleeful* about it, can't wait to see Vader kill everybody like the Predator, ripping their spines out and shit. 

Meanwhile we're supposed to make some kind of connection with them in the trailers. 
_But i'll still watch it_
Well that lightsaber looks very vulnerable to getting chopped in half 
A shitty movie i bet
aka finish the work then reap the karma
Not lots of humor
Same here, and I've been through sone rough times. I wish losing David Bowie was the hardest part, but life keeps throwing shit at me. At least financially things are finally looking up!
It could also mean she never met him as Kylo Ren.
>Vader lost some limbs and was suffering a slow death when Palpatine came and saved him, and yet Maul was able to survive THAT basically on his own??

We don't know if he was on his own yet man, he likely wasn't. He wouldn't have just crawled his way onto a ship or something and piloted it off Naboo himself. Someone had to have helped him. The dark side probably kept him alive long enough until he could get to someone or someone could get to him, like with Palps and Vader. We just don't know yet.

>Bringing him back required a huge suspension of disbelief and was totally unnecessary when they could have just made a new character. Also come on, Savage Opress? i know "sith" names tend to be silly, but that's just ridiculous.

A new character wouldn't have been as engaging imo. Maul was perfect for the role he fulfilled in TCW. Savage's name was ridiculous, but I still liked his character as well. The name doesn't ruin him for me.

>As for the black lightsaber it's just stupid to have a black lightsaber, it's like something a 12 year old OC would wield and his name would be "Obsidian Death" and he'd be the most baddest sith ever.

When you go into it thinking of it like that, sure. But a 12 year old didn't make it, the reality of what it actually is, is that it's just an ancient lightsaber that a force user constructed long ago during Star Wars' version of the dark ages. It actually aligns with the current canon we know now about how lightsaber colors work. When a Jedi constructs a lightsaber, the color is determined by the character of their being (not emotion per-say). The black lightsaber was constructed during a depressing age, so it reflects the character of beings who lived in that "dark age." Literally. 

It's not like some force user said "I want to be an edgy badass and have a black lightsaber!" Then went to go and grind for hours searching for a black crystal to put in their saber like they're in a video game or something. It's black because that's just how it turned out when they made it because of the time they lived in, and how it affected them. I don't know, I like it. It's not for everyone though.

>BLACK IS NOT A "LIGHT"! See it's kind of funny because I actually forget that we are talking about canon for a bit there because the Clone Wars is so full of stuff that feels like EU.

There's also no sound in space though.

>And how exactly does the prequels "allow" these new EU things to fit again? I don't really get your reasoning on that, could you specify more? 

Because the prequels are just as grandiose as most of the expanded universe and the clone wars show, and they are just as much apart of Star Wars as the original movies because they come directly from Lucas, and his original vision. So when you see something that you think is ridiculous, you can't just ask yourself "Would this fit in A New Hope? Or Empire Strikes Back, or Return of the Jedi?" You also have to ask if those things would fit in The Phantom Menace, Attack of the Clones, and Revenge of the Sith. I also argue that The Clone Wars TV show is just as important as the movies because it comes directly from Lucas himself as well. So if you see something in the new canon that you think is weird, you should also ask yourself if it fits in The Clone Wars TV show as well, aka George's vision of the Star Wars universe.



>#THAT'S AMAZING ^^^^^^^^/s
It didn't have to be a game changer to be on the right foot. It just had to not be an Episode I level disaster.
That literally looks like it came straight out of the movie. Amazing job!
In my opinion, it was pretty in your face about it. It was a well-made movie, but the only positive message I could pull from it is that the Christian man did the right thing. 

That didn't bother me as much as the utter lack of humanization of the Japanese though. There was no attempt at making them seem any less than animals and savages, and that irked me more than anything. It pushed pretty ethnocentric "fuck the japs" views IMO.
Not a departure at all in the spirit if this thread!

Perfect little social beings, we are!
This guy nailed it.

"Episode VII would then be about a force sensitive woman on a mission to track Luke down in a war torn galaxy.
Edit: But maybe that's a bit too alike ANH"
I really hope almost all of the characters are killed on the mission. 
I feel like Disney is trying to create a second MCU out of Star Wars... And it bothers me.
I think my issue was the length. The story seemed good enough, but it wasn't long enough to really let things unfold.

Great jetpack chase scene.
Dude, the Jar Jar Hate was everywhere.  It was, like, by far the #1 complaint of Phantom Menace, all my friends hated him (I was 12 when it came out)

In reality, the poor quality of Ep 1 was entirely fixed to Jar-Jar....*until* the RedLetterMedia review came out.  *Then* the actual problems with the movie became more apparent, and the hate toward Jar-Jar subsided.
Thanks! My tattoo artist and I poured over the variants of the DL-44 for a while and tried to get what would look best as a tattoo by combining bits from each. I like the longer scope on the blaster a great deal.
First, if you don't want to imply you speak for everyone maybe you shouldn't say stuff like "you guys" "you all" as though you're speaking for everyone.

The staff thing, that's fine and dandy about blades but if you look at the art it's more staff than anything, that sucker would weigh a ton relative to a standard saber. 

Also I really dislike the argument you're making of "it's magic man, it's fiction, don't worry about it". There's a reason why Ep 7 featured a traditional duel between lightsabers instead of something more similar to the prequels, because more lightsabers and more pointless complexity doesn't make for more interesting battles. Obviously they're going to fight beyond the laws of reality, but it should be grounded enough for the audience to believe it's an actual fight. If I see something fighting with a long ass saberstaff in one hand and a 1-hander in the other, my suspension of disbelief is going to be shattered. Because even a superhuman person would never wield these things for any reason beyond "oh man it's so cool!".
>My body is ready


i doubt it 
Well, the opponent isn't a normal person either and because of the really long hilt it will be cut sooner or later. Even if it doesn't, the wielder is constant danger of getting his weapon destroyed. We've seen normal lightsaber hilts being cut in half and this right here would be even easier. The double-bladed saber from Maul got cut in half too and the hilt wasn't even as long as a pike would be.
2 girls? Sounds like you struck a bargain!
So she'd be... Darth Rey-van? Huh? Huh? 
In the canon novel Dark Disciple, we learn that Jedi Master Quinlan Vos possesses the rare ability of psychokinesis. This allows him to see the history of any object by touching it.

http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Psychometry

One would assume Rey simply possesses that same rare ability.
The imax master must have been higher than 2k though. Whats your source?
See, I don't see that at all. I see AT-AT's, epic space battles, and the badassery that is the Empire. 
What about a shot of Vader just as the door blasts open.
I am so very happy that soon the election will be over and then we will get a Star Wars movie!
I hope people sit back and enjoy it as a movie in its own right, and don't compare it to a misty-eyed, impossible-to-reattain memory from their youth.


Of course that's what will happen! /s
Please don't feel that way, your books are worth more than you realize it. Those stories still matter to you, and they haven't been fully tossed aside. 
"People who alter or destroy works of art and our cultural heritage for profit or as an exercise of power are barbarians"

Source: http://www.slashfilm.com/george-lucas-speaks-altering-films-1988/
Sorry I should have specified outside of the movies instead of EU since that's what we were talking about, which Clone Wars does fall outside of.

Also YES he should have died, he was CUT IN HALF and FELL DOWN A POWER CORE SHAFT HUNDREDS OF FEET DEEP! See that's exactly what I'm talking about, it's ridiculous. Vader lost some limbs and was suffering  a slow death when Palpatine came and saved him, and yet Maul was able to survive THAT basically on his own??

His design was cool but he wasn't a wasted villain in TPM because he wasn't even a character there honestly. Bringing him back required a huge suspension of disbelief and was totally unnecessary when they could have just made a new character. Also come on, Savage Opress? i know "sith" names tend to be silly, but that's just ridiculous.

As for the black lightsaber it's just stupid to have a black lightsaber, it's like something a 12 year old OC would wield and his name would be "Obsidian Death" and he'd be the most baddest sith ever. Plus hey I don't know if anyone noticed but BLACK IS NOT A "LIGHT"! See it's kind of funny because I actually forget that we are talking about canon for a bit there because the Clone Wars is so full of stuff that feels like EU.

And how exactly does the prequels "allow" these new EU things to fit again? I don't really get your reasoning on that, could you specify more? 
*YOUR not alone. 
It's Whittaker's line delivery that makes that for me. Knowing what his character has been through for like the past 20-odd years sells it.

Plus... this is Star Wars, it's not Shakespeare. I think there are a lot of quotable moments throughout the movies but at least we're not getting anything about sand and how rough it is and gets everywhere.
Shit, I didn't notice. Good stuff
It'll be PG-13, there's no way this will get PG. 
I could see it being announced at Star Wars Celebration
>testing 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Escalation_of_commitment

Seriously, if you don't care about Star Wars... you don't *have* to commit to it. I dropped my interest in the LOTR and Hobbit films after I saw the first Hobbit film and thought it was a bloated, steaming pile. Traded away my LOTR and Silmarillion books, my EE DVD sets that I had bought right when they came out, etc. I was just done with it as a franchise and whoever got my used stuff is presumably enjoying it themselves. I've moved on to being a nerd about other things. That's fine.
It's Star Wars, it's going to be PG or PG-13.
nah, I know they won't risk it in a movie, it might be explored in the EU though.
Calling it right now: there will be a line in this movie about how they need a new hope.
He was busy failing remedial fractions
I have that same Lando!
No reason at all, I was just seeing if his username checked out.

It did not, and now I shall live with less karma than before.
Thanks boss
> Disney cash grab

Welcome to the future of the franchise.
A spin-off though.  Not a real Star Wars movie.

I just can't get as excited for it.
>A prequel like that can only be flashy explosions and fanservicy in-jokes.

Nothing in Rogue One looks like that so far though? No one has name dropped famous Star Wars main characters in the trailers; it's all been new characters except for some more tertiary background OT characters like Mon Mothma and a guy from a TCW arc (Saw). There haven't been any slapstick jokey moments shown, it's all pretty serious. We're getting some cool new aliens and droids, too, plus some new hints about OT aliens (the Mon Cal admiral).

I think this movie is aiming more to show us how the Rebellion really got jumpstarted and given a chance at surviving (plus some cool side-details like the planet that has the giant Jedi statue... it seems like a nice, LOTR-esque hint at a distant past). I can't wait for it, personally (though I won't have long to wait).
What with my classes, I didn't realize that. By the time I'm done I will have 4 weeks to recover and then enjoy the movie.
I know, I was just having a conversation about other bad-ass ships in the Univers above us. So no offense ! I maybe should have added a "also" in my answer to /u/wattsalightbuld 
Less progressive country prohibiting open homosexulalitet or "gay propaganda" so the movie risk get higher age limit or get banned, so Disney will not risk it, hence they cant get married... 
What's a battle?....really though, great work OP
They wouldn't because the person who stabbed would sense that they're about to do something like that, and move their weapon. These aren't normal people.
I'm not convinced that it's going to be any good. The main character looks soooo edgy in the trailers. Here's to hoping she's not too somber.
To me it's been years for centuries.
Member chewbacca?
In US some slaves did not have last name, so then they did get free, they took a last name, like "Freeman"

Finn was as a slave so now then he is free, he will probely also take a last name.  

But becuse Disney star war go all out to please the radical feminists, Rey cant do such degrading thing like take a man's family name, so its Finn who becom Finn Skywalker if they marrie. 

Obi-Wan! My favorite Chewie! They're all here!!
After the first stab the opponent could just cut off the top part of the hilt where the lightsaber blade emerges and thus making this weapon useless.
Spoilers!
You're dead inside. 
So bummed about the book parts, I feel like all of the reading I did over the last 40 years, was an absolute waste of time and money, and all I got out it was one blue skinned, red eyed, bone tossed over in the corner of a dusty room, slowly being turned into mud by Talon Karrde's tears.
I would watch the hell out of that.
No, not really
Honestly, that's what excites me most!   
    
We're dealing with a whole GALAXY, far far away, (a long time ago), and yet it just so happens that every interesting story ever happens to a dude with a lightsaber?  
    
R1 looks like an Extended Universe book adapted to screen. Sign me up fifty times over.
I know he used it in the original Clone Wars shorts, he may have in TCW, never used it in ROTS
What about the other 3/10's? 
What if I didn't like Ewoks when I was a kid?
Nah I just never put much thought into it until now. 
It ends with two proton torpedoes going down an exhaust tube the size of a womp rat, in a just recently christened battle station that the remaining members of the storm trooper unit were assigned to.  
Just curious, did you ever read the (now-Legends) *Black Fleet Crisis* Trilogy by Michael P. Kube-McDowell? I'm sure that if I were to re-read it there would be aspects I wouldn't like, but one quality to it that I loved is that it had a lot of little nice side details about the different worlds and cultures that were introduced, like day-to-day stuff on Coruscant and Kashyyyk. It felt like the Star Wars planets were lived-in, real places rather than just backdrops for action.
Aye, that's a fitting analogy.
That's how to spend a Sunday my friend.
>No. Kindly don't presume to speak for everyone else.

By saying what I said, I'm not literally speaking for everyone, but I do believe most fans would react like that. Tons of people complained about Kylo Ren's lightsaber, but as soon as they saw it on film, they loved it. I've witnessed how general Star Wars fans act over the years, and this is just what they do. At first they're uneasy about something, but once trailers and the actual movie start to come out, they warm up to it once they see the context in which something is used.

>Setting aside the fact that her saber-staff alone is ridiculously long and heavy looking for wielding with one hand.

It's just a staff, it's not that heavy. Lightsaber blades are also weightless. Here is someone practically using 1 lightsaber in one hand while using a double bladed one in the other:

https://youtu.be/mm4JEZudf0c?t=208

Things like this can be done. Especially in a world of fiction.


>Hell I even have spent a bunch of time arguing why giving Rey a Saberstaff would be stupid (if anyone's wondering, it's because it's basically giving her a double ended glaive and that's a totally different weapon from fighting with a staff, and I just don't like saberstaffs).

It's Star Wars dude. These are beings that have access to a power that you or me can't understand. They can see briefly into the future which allows them to do insane things like block blaster bolts, or anticipate an opponents moves before they happen, and a ton of other things. I realize that observing things like this from a realistic fighters point of view is the only thing you can do, but to be honest, since it's a fictional world with extraordinary powers, you'll probably never truly understand why they fight like they do and how. It's on an entirely different level than reality.
Okay, I concede that point, but you can change it for the same of every co-worker in your office from 22 years ago. 


I wish we could have a Mandalorian episode without a jetpack malfunction incident.
It's never to late for bb8 pumpkins 
He'll have the same one. Merchandising can be done by giving him a different length cape, different belt, etc.. his helmet and saber are his identifying factors that will make him icon or not. They want him to be iconic, they've said that about his design in VIII - they won't change those two for the trilogy I believe. 
I'm stupid. I was thinking of Han because I saw another comment mentioning him and my mind wandered. 
Aim Iron canon on designated SD, and fire the ready! Safety off on 
anti walker mines in zone yellow three!

What do you mean? This base have no prepared defence?

RUN!!!!!!
Star Wars comics hasspecials that throwback to Obi-Wan's activity during Luke's childhood. He helped him a bit, but more like a support. He saved him from Jabba's bandits, bought details to fix skyhopper (delivered by Jawas) Uncle Owen wasn't happy that Obi-Wan will influence him and teach him like Anakin, because it didn't went well for him. Its also pretty intresting how Obi-Wan steps away from gueardian role of a jedi. 
They're trying to establish iconography for the ST villain, changing his icon pieces (mask/saber) is not how you do that. 

He'll have the same mask and saber in VIII. If anything, they'll adjust the other elements of his costume a tad here and there like they did with Vader every movie.
I broke my Wookie!
That's why you read the whole comment. 
Did Owen go on adventures with C-3PO?
If he hadn't done it we may not have gotten to 4K technology. He's the one who pushed digital while there are filmmakers today who still reject it even tho it's obviously going to be, or arguably is, superior to film in every way.
[And one with the rebel scum](http://i.imgur.com/XUi0nIi.jpg)
>but there's so much stupidity in it that it's a poor excuse to justify stupid things like that. Darth Mauls resurrection and brother? Stupid. Mandalorian with "black" lightsaber?

Those aren't the EU, they are official canon. I also believe bringing Darth Maul back was done in the best way possible and is being handled well right now. I don't like the excuse "He should have just died in the Phantom Menace." Why? Why should he have died? Because he was cut in half? The guy uses the dark side. It's possible to believe he could have endured and survived. It's also weird because people will turn around and say he was wasted as a villain in the movie, but then complain when The Clone Wars brought him back and handled him really well. Nothing wrong with the black lightsaber either. It's just an ancient lightsaber that's black.

>There's lots of great EU material that fits into the films thematically of course, but there's even more that doesn't.

All of the new stuff and most of the EU fit Star Wars imo because of one thing. The prequels. Those are just as much Star Wars as the original films, and they show us what the universe is like during another time. The Clone Wars TV show can even be argued to be apart of the Star Wars bible because it came straight from George Lucas, just like the originals and prequels. Now, if the original films were the only things that existed, I'd agree with you and say a lot of the stuff from the EU doesn't fit, but because of The Clone Wars TV show and the prequel films, that's not the case.
[Combined them into a 16/9 wallpaper using my limited photoediting skills.](https://i.imgur.com/fshdgfh.jpg)

----
[^^^Bonus ^^^rebel ^^^scum](http://i.imgur.com/XUi0nIi.jpg)
I have a feeling that if that happened, the Empire would have Base Delta Zero'd Mandalore.
I can't wait.
Yep!
See also Harrison Ford.
This is the only post not related to the American election  shit and I'm happy.
If it's just the special effects people with no guidance form the Director, how come 95% of other sci-fi movies that use ILM or similar companies never come close to having the vision of Lucas?

That's like saying that Tarantino isn't a good director because he hires the best actors, DPs, etc. Plenty of other people use those same actors and don't get the performances Tarantino does.
Did.... did you not know that TFA came out?
Well, it makes sense that the stormtroopers would be unaffected, but everyone else should be temporarily blind at least
one that actually has an original story line too!
That's a phase 1 clone cold assault trooper with a freeco speeder from The Clone Wars.  
Do you go on adventures around the galaxy with your TV from 22 years ago?
But nobody calls their Tv or radio by its model number. C-3PO is the name people have to use to interact with the droid, no different from a sentient person's name.
One would imagine that a title announcement for VIII can't be too far away...
Not every rebel was shown in the films, not even close.
Hacksaw Ridge good?
I don't think it was absurdly massive actually.  I think it was about 2.5-3km long, which is a pretty good size for a dreadnought-destroyer hybrid.
Yeah and a metric ton of that stuff was stupid beyond belief. I love me some EU but there's so much stupidity in it that it's a poor excuse to justify stupid things like that. Darth Mauls resurrection and brother? Stupid. Mandalorian with "black" lightsaber? Stupid. Luuke? Stupid! 

There's lots of great EU material that fits into the films thematically of course, but there's even more that doesn't.

Right, but I wouldn't say less than a Trillion credits. It should require a majorly, majorly, wealthy individual to be able to buy a planet.

In the EU we see a band of misfits throw together a program that skims one credit off every individual in the galaxy that belongs to the galactic bank. They end up trillionaires. 
Same
I actually hope she switches to the dark side with plausible/reasonable explanations because it would be interesting to see. 

In the current hands, it would be maybe better than the depiction of Anakin's turn to the dark side. And it would stay consistent with the over-arching theme of switching sides:

1. Finn from First Order to The Resistance
2. Kylo Ren from a good Padawan to a Dark Jedi
3. Rey from Jedi to a Sith

I don't know, I'd just like to see Finn be capable with a lightsaber and have him fight Kylo and Rey, sort of a reverse from Qui-Gon & Obi-wan vs. Darth Maul. But I think it might even be better because Finn wouldn't want to kill Rey, but have her understand that Finn was there for her, as her "only family" she begun to have. Therefore, trying to bring her into the light side. 
Yes, he have to live with what he has done, thats drama. Dart Vader did appropriate die after he redeemed himself....
k
I didn't even know that came out yet
No. Kindly don't presume to speak for everyone else.

I've done nothing but object to all the stupid lightsaber theories, post, and artwork that I've seen. Setting aside the fact that her saber-staff alone is ridiculously long and heavy looking for wielding with one hand.

Hell I even have spent a bunch of time arguing why giving Rey a Saberstaff would be stupid (if anyone's wondering, it's because it's basically giving her a double ended glaive and that's a totally different weapon from fighting with a staff, and I just don't like saberstaffs).

Of course, Clone Wars fans love their "so special" lightsabers so maybe you're right. 
Could be a nice parallel, but I don't think he needs to be punished for what he's done. He just needs to actively right some wrongs. I feel like he is a really compassionate guy deep down, and could see him devoting his life post Kylo Ren to a helpful cause.
Translation: what about muh weed
Oh I ask when I'm in store.  I walk out of Walmart and target with displays all the time.    Disney store not so much but even toys r us has let me have stuff.    If I don't take it the employees do it and it ends up on ebay anyway. 
I don't know. Do you remember the model number of your tv or radio from 22 years ago?
I think it would be so cool to have a good guy who has an actual dark past and has done wrong. Way more interesting than someone who is perfect and innocent. 
*scratches head*


Damn that's a whole decade
That...wasn't as terrible as it could have been.
The [teaser poster](http://www.flickeringmyth.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/Rogue-One-A-Star-Wars-Story-Official-Poster-600x889.jpg) was released on April 7 along with the first teaser trailer. 
Looks like another Seven Samurai homage as well... could be good!
The main trilogies are 1-3, 4-6 and 7-9. It is a prequel, yes, but it's not a part of these trilogies and watching this movie won't affect your watching experience when it comes to the main trilogies. 
I think Ben would make such a wise Jedi mentor, and Rey would make a badass, ruthless Dark Side user. 
Yeah I feel you. A new one on Frosbite 3 would be amazing
Because if you don't manage to stab your opponent before he closes beyond your tip then you're at a huge disadvantage against their sword. And considering how they duel I doubt just stabbing at one would be able to keep them out of close reach.
I used to be a jedi like you, until I took a lightsaber to the wrist.
TFA was a Grand Theft Story.  Such a disappointment.  
Well Jedi are a certain group of force users, so technically....
You're mistaking warfare for dueling, Rey's not part of a formation of pikemen.
OP, how'd you get your hands on that lego display? those are supposed to be sent back and destroyed by the district person. 
I think the left side looks kinda shoddy tbh
i just want another goddamn Xwing game
> Dat vacuum job doe. 


kinda oddly satisfying, isn't it. 
Doubt it :(

I mean, next year is Battlefront 2 (DICE version of course), hopefully they make dogfighting a bit more satisfying. Respawn is making a 3rd person adventure game and I believe Visceral is doing one as well. So flight sim outdide of Battlefront is unlikely
> I want them ALIVE!

https://youtu.be/yHfLyMAHrQE?t=3m41s
I think it's time for all of us to start accepting the notion that 10 years... isn't a very long period of time. :(
AND he literally is a "hero masher"! I guess this joke is triple.
Where can I buy one if available 
I think Hux is very underestimated. I could see him dethroning Snoke and turning on Kylo and the KOR. That way we could see a three way battle in Star Wars and it would be awesome. 
Ben Solo would be awesome to have back but it's going to take a lot of therapy for me to forgive him for what he's done
[r/movies thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2lhm7j/star_wars_episode_vii_has_a_title_the_force/)

[r/StarWars thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWars/comments/2lhm3c/star_wars_the_force_awakens_has_completed/)
I completely agree. People just need to accept that this movie, while a little flawed, was 100% what it needed to be for a successful reboot/sequel to all the OT lovers out there. It just became cool to hate TFA.
Actually, in Ahsoka, Bail says that he and Obi-Wan were only to make contact when the time was right.  When Ben saw the message from Leia via R2D2, it was the message to say that the time was right.  
He's a jew.  Accent, greed, and nose.
Is the star wars tattoo her only tattoo? If it is, thats even funnier
I enjoyed the Matrix though.
correct
I think you're reading too much into this. 
This was a very widespread criticism when the movie first came out.  I guess you are very young?
Being that he lived on the homestead 22 years before, hearing the name C-3P0 and seeing him being nearly identical and having the same voice might jog his memory. 
On N7 day? Wth
No. 3PO was gun metal colored last time Owen saw him, and Han Solo didn't even recognize him just with a red arm.

Seriously though, 3PO had his memory wiped and would give no indication of ever having been on Tatooine before, and 3PO was just a droid. Owen probably never paid much attention to him at all. 
Post some close-up pics man. That looks great!
C-3PO is just a regular protocal droid from an appearance perspective. Millions of them in the galaxy.
1920 x 1080 background crop of the [hunt for rebel scum](http://i.imgur.com/7c0g2bL.jpg)
"throw off marketing people"?
I don't understand how someone on /r/starwars can still not be aware of this by now. Not only is it widely known by even pretty casual Star Wars fans, but they've been reproducing this poster forever, and then it gets posted here with a similar title as this at least once a month. 

If it actually confuses you, do a google search "Revenge of the Jedi", and the internet will educate you.

But you have to consider that there weren't any Mandalorians in the films... They can change The Euw but not the films.
What kind of Star Destroyer is this? I've never seen one with deflector shield generators in the middle there.
You are most certainly not a traitor.
calm down.
The one with the AT-AT is better.  


Source: I have the AT-AT one. 
Straight lines, does OP have no self respect??
She's probably one of those people who say: "I watch The Big Bang Theory and Star Wars, i'm such a nerd y'alll xD".
I just realized the inconsistency... wouldn't Owen recognize C-3P0..?
So you're saying it's about time for some people to go get in line?
I don't mean to sound like a dick but you know that the one you linked is a *Bellator*-class and not *Executor*-class, right?
Yeah I know  he was talking to morons like you 
Yeah, don't let politics mar a good story.
Based on how the Jedi view the Force as an active party, I imagine he was just waiting on the force.  Basically the force would put actions into motion that would lead to his beginning Luke's training.

Sure enough that's what happened.
Regardless of how I feel about the trailers, I bet it's going to be fun as heck. And yes, the cinematography looks great. 
r/theydidthemath
Yea, glad i clarified. After i read back that first part initially, i was like "man, that could be misconstrued."
I'm allowed to have an opinion about subjective things. Deal with it, dork. 
Its not paint, it's color pencil and it was a gift. 
I think he would have to be severely injured to be able to atone, like Anakin level of injury. It would be cool to see a light side Darth Vader equivalent, all damaged and barely clinging to life in bionic armor but driven relentlessly by the light side. I want this!
Isn't there a new canon Thrawn book coming out by Zahn?
≥ A Band of Brothers Netflix series made from the perspective of a unit of Storm Troopers.
Hero Ben! Yes! I want this so badly. I miss a young and powerful male Jedi protagonist that I can relate to. I really loved Ben Skywalker in the old Legend universe.
You should watch the clone wars

Just don't take the first few seasons too seriously
Ditto. What an awful year. Not over yet either and it's looking like the worst is yet to come.
It was in May! I was moving across country and saw it in Albuquerque :)
I think most will agree that,

2016 has been a horrible year in general 
Please understand that when I say "silly" I'm saying that the intent is for fun. I'm still not sure why my answer seems to rub some people as "wrong". I don't think the inclusion of humans (the most upvoted answer in the thread) or English somehow lessens the mind exercise.
Mad Max came out in 2015 too! Such a lovely year for movies. And the Martian!
Space Spartans
Anyways, play-doh and clay would be fuckin awesome
Some were suggesting it might be, though. Not you, so I might've replied in the wrong place.
Rey Kenobi-Kryze confirmed. 

(/s) 
I'm actually working on that!!  And smoke and explosions. 
Oh no way! Dude thats awesome. Not cool about not getting one though :( production office not able to do anything? The one in the photos not mine, I also only have the jacket
I wonder if there is a way to display the laser bolts from their weapons. Hanging them by a string might not work so well. It has to be some sort of illusion to make it work but I think it will add an extra dimension and momentum to the piece. 
>It isn't much.

>but it's enough.
I agree that they should have established the New Republic's core worlds better, and some politics stuff would have been great; but I also kind of have to wonder how many of your complaints about 'having to read the books' for the how and why of the First Order are a result of the fact that we haven't had a completely new film where we don't know how things end up, since RotJ.

We knew roughly how things were going to end for the prequels, and Clone Wars, and now Rebels and Rogue One.  And so much has been filled in for the OT that when we hear Obi Wan briefly talk about clone wars or the fall of the Republic we know exactly what he's talking about.  Nothing seems vague or mysterious, and besides the whole story is practically baked into our collective subconscious.  There are multiple different versions of the events between the films to explain how the Empire is still going strong after THEIR MAJOR PROJECT AND THOUSANDS OF TROOPS get rekt, or how the Empire starts building another Death Star.  Not to mention that certain aspects of the OT itself, most famously the end of Empire and Vader being his dad, kinda leaves you scratching your head if you are stuck waiting to watch the next one for years on end.  It's easy to forget that a lot of what we see in Empire and RotJ essentially retcon the previous films.

I'm reserving my full judgement on stuff like 'how did they get powerful enough to build Starkiller Base?" until we've finished this trilogy.  
I'm sure countless people have mentioned this before, but I'm so hoping that the last shot of Rogue One is of the Tantive IV, carrying the Death Star plans, passing by Tatooine as a Star Destroyer gains on them.
Very authentic looking. Kudos on excellent costume making.
I actually love to watch the victory scene in ROTJ and then cut to Hux's speech in TFA. Just to highlight how badly Mon Mothma screwed up.
In my opinion the characters NEED to die at the end of this movie. I don't want them to live, I want to see why the Empire was so feared in the original trilogy. They got a pass from me with Force Awakens basically being a rehashed New Hope, because I could understand that they needed to be safe bringing back such a beloved franchise. This movie needs to show me they aren't afraid of going against the status quo of the heroes always coming out on top. 
Every week, you should post this and replace the 6 with 5 and so on. 
Well there are the Gree who are meant to at their peak have been far more advanced technologically than the Republic. However their tech was meant to have been so complex that it took a lifetime to understand it, and therefore was rarely improved upon. They went into a slow decline, forgetting lots of their advancements
Are you referencing the diorama or the rest of the room? :D
He's right there!
I actually really like the music in the second trailer. https://youtu.be/frdj1zb9sMY
Who is Mysterion?
I don't get that feeling at all.
And yet we still have no pre sale tickets.... 
*Han Solo: Bloodstripe*
*Han: Solo*
Well Hokksund is where we live, the Hoth scene was filmed in Finse.
We're about a 45 minute flight away from where the Hoth scene was filmed in Norway in a town called Hokksund Norway.
I think the point he's making is that the only source is from this particular "essentials" book. It's not a background ship in any comics, games, tv shows, etc. It's as he said, a footnote, or even better it's like one of the spare legos you get in every set. It exists in some capacity, but it doesn't fit in anywhere. I know everyone has different opinions on what is and isn't canon, but I feel if the Assertor class was only featured as a short piece in the book. Even wookiepedia's entry on the book itself stated that one of the artists for the book submitted several of his own designs to flesh it out. These include the Assertor, Bellator, Procusator, and Vigil class. These basically amount to a guy adding his own fan designs into a lucasfilm product (which is pretty cool imo) but the legitimacy of if these "fanon designs" kind of shows why the "Legends" desicion was a good idea.
OH FFS. If this criticism were a person, I'd kick it in the balls. It's such an inexplicable criticism, because every jackass who uses it has a ridiculously different definition of "feels like Star Wars." The prequels "didn't feel like Star Wars" because of all the green screen and CGI. TFA "didn't feel like Star Wars" because it wasn't creative and didn't have new ship and alien designs. And now, Rogue One - the movie that's practically tailor-fucking-made to address both prior criticisms - "doesn't feel like Star Wars" because...reasons?
My mistake.
And still no tickets
Love the music in this one.  The music has been a little lacking in the trailers, IMO.
I did not know I wanted this
Just what the EU needs: another enormous super star destroyer design 
I'm the same way. I know an announcement is coming but I would feel more comfortable actually knowing a date and time that way I can have enough money set aside for 8 IMAX tickets and I can plan ahead to make sure I get them when they come out so I can get all 8 tickets seated together (reserved seating) rather than 8 random spots in the theater. 
I was being sarcastic, but I forgot to tag it as such. For Hux to Snoke he would 1. Have to be some type of person who can very cleverly control a very lifelike droid (the Hux we see) and a hologram of Snoke at the same time or 2. He could use The Force (even if that's not how it works)!
I hope there will be a hero who takes out the logos/text.
A little too much photoshop in the second
All I wanna know is when these tickets are coming out
Uh... DARTH VADER anyone can be redeemed 
Eh, I just don't feel the excitement and build-up that came with regular Star Wars films. I'd hate for Disney to repeat their Marvel model and oversaturate the market, but from a money standpoint, I can't blame them.
Episode VIII might get nominated next year, but it would get Oscar in 2018.
Mine as well. 2016 can fuck right off.
The brightest timeline. 
But then he's replaced with whiny sociopath Anakin.
Nope, turns out it was just you
Its like this: if you were attempting to build a universe where Earth does not figure into the equation, but very much in the same physical universe as we know it, what could evolve or occur somewhere else without Earthy influence - physically, socially, politically etc.

Its a fun mind exercise and its even better if you took the obvious humans and english language out and focus on others.

Edit: meta tl:dr: treat the thread closer to a 'movie mistakes' category rather than 'philosophy'
>"Just a simple statement."
I mean, they're not going to destroy it...
Bad news? This will be the first time on film that a Death Star makes it past the end of the movie! That's great news!
When it comes time to make that choice, look the wife in the eye and go "I rebel..." before taking off to see the movie
Well yeah.  They have said he is not Sith.  But they haven't actually told us his story yet.  Until that happens it could be misdirection.
2016 was like a flash to me. Not that I did anything interesting. It still passed by so quickly.
That's all I really wanted from The Hunger Games anyway.
That's a pretty strong reaction to a pointy hood.
#*HYPE HYPE HYPE!*
> we knew exactly what was happening and why, even if it didn't make sense.

If it doesn't make sense, would that not mean we don't know why it's happening?
Hell I grew up with the PT and even I remember near-universal animosity towards Jar Jar.
Why do you think that?
What's wrong with it?  "Return of the Jedi" was originally called "Revenge of the Jedi."  [That is a copy of the original Revenge of the Jedi poster](http://m.movieposter.com/poster/MPW-78087/Star_Wars_Revenge_of_the_Jedi.html?utm_source=Google&utm_medium=Product+Feed&utm_campaign=Google+Feed&gclid=CPiNgMvVlNACFZSFfgod5SEMEA).
Hard to agree.

But maybe exclusive love to 1 other of the same specie?
Huh... Well you learn something new everyday. I thought they were just stupid.
Then you got bad lines. 
Neither of which are Jedi.
Were you frozen in carbonite last year?
When will tickets be available
>your a test
I try not to get too bogged down into the science and detailed magic of universes like lotr and star wars. There are always cracks and it tends to ruin the illusion for me.

So for that blaster shot either the force is magic and was able to hold it back without technically inflicting a force on it, meaning it didn't lose any of its velocity or kylo ren pushed the shot after he stopped holding it.
And?  That was the original name of the movie.  Just a cool collector kind of thing.
Fury Road and TFA both came out in 2015. I remember that because Fury Road was my movie of the year that year.
Not yet rated?!? 
I strongly doubt we'll get anything before the R1 blueray release. Rogue one is probably the least hyped star wars movie to date (amongst casual viewers specially) and that could potentially damage its performance
>Holy shat really?
It really wouldn't. Only a small vocal minority would say it's sexist or whatever, everyone else would think it's an interesting turn for her character.
No.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!

When do tickets go up in Canada??
All credit goes to artist [Dave Keenan](https://dkeeno.artstation.com/) (some NSFW images in the link).
I just thought you guys here on reddit might enjoy it.
This is why I'm most hyped for it. It'd not a star wars movie. It looks like a gritty war movie set in the stars wars universe. I'm really looking forward  to it. 
i hard crazy goosebumps seeing it in the big screen 
>With a rolled up 20, or a straw

Does it have to be a twenty? All I've got is ones after acquiring these lines.


One thing that sucks about being a university student is that I need to get through finals before and even after watching the movie.
I remember it like it was yesterday. I was sitting in a fine restaurant in Paris when I got the news.
The Force Awakens sucked.
"A part" and "apart" have radically different meanings. Be more careful with English.
It's a strip from a photo booth.  I'm assuming it's left over from Halloween... or perhaps it's a missing piece of the story.  "Instead of being alert in the cantina, Bob 231 was having a little fun with the outdated tech."

Darry T**rey**a?
What makes a Star Wars film a Star Wars film aren't the objects - the X-Wings, blasters, or even the diverse settings - but the themes and ideas. The struggle of Light vs. Dark set against something bigger that serves as a catalyst for action. The action and explosions might draw you in, but when you leave you really want to think about things like "is Rey borderline dark side and is Kylo able to be redeemed?" The deeper mysteries of the force have to be explored or it's just a distracting side story, a popcorn muncher for the masses. 
..and Disney.
Huh, I wonder where Vader is./s
I spent 1/5 of the year in a coma. another 1/4 recovering from it in major hospitals. And 1/4 more in physical therapy. 
I was saying this to friends yesterday. I feel like the hype is at the appropriate hype level.
I'm glad that Star Wars is a December thing now because it gives me motivation to endure the year. So much crap is going on in my own life and the world at large, and I've had some messed-up thoughts lately, not gonna lie. Like, "it's not worth going on anymore" thoughts. Same thing happened in late 2015. Seasonal depression, I guess, because 2015 was pretty good compared to this godawful year. But right when I think I've reached the breaking point in November, I remember that it's only one more month, and just have to keep telling myself: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZuWjAL1xZPY

Hopefully 2017 is a better year for all of us. But just in case it isn't, [well...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQQMLE4FuIQ)
how is it not? it's basically another prequel we don't need :( 
I value the welfare of this country more than the lives of Clinton and Kaine so I wouldn't complain if that's how it had to be. But he doesn't have to die. He could step down, be arrested for connections to Clinton's crimes, or be impeached for who-knows-what. Anything really. It's 2017.
Same deal with the Bellator, which is a pity because it's a cool looking ship.
>This is a test.
also because this movie looks like complete SyFy channel garbage ... maybe it's just they way they cut the trailers but it looks so god awful and especially the dialogue. "save the rebellion, save the dream" c'mon really? 
I'm exhilarated at the idea of this movie. Republic Commando was one of my favourite games, showing that a Star Wars piece could succeed without a predominant Jedi presence. I just hope they don't start doing the Marvel thing by putting end credit clips in teasing VIII, because I will quite possibly die of overexcitement.
Dat vacuum job doe. 
Vader brought an entire galactic Republic to its knees and wiped out the Jedi order. I don't think he was redeemed.
>never makes you question if it would exist in that universe.

Bingo. There's a reason why Star Wars is one of the most discussed genres in /r/asksciencefiction and has a decently active "lore" discussion community on places like /r/mawinstallation.

Except for hyperdrive magic and similar, everything can be plausibly explained in-universe. 

Still don't have an answer on how Kylo stopped the blaster bolt in time in the beginning of TFA though. It retained it's velocity when he let it go and was pulsing and "alive" while held stationary. Shouldn't happen like that, based on our understanding of how blasters work.
That's exactly how I felt until I started focusing less on the protagonists and started getting hyped about the empire being front and center again. The shots of the admiral all in white looking imperial to the letter immediately reminded me of Thrawn 
What's a diorama? 
... you do realize you're basically asking for a double presidental death there.
Magnificent!!!
At the risk of repeating others, it was phenomenally beautiful and the acting was really above par for Marvel movies. Mads Mikkelson was a tad underutilised but still made a commanding antagonist. The casting of Tilda Swinton was ideal and anyone who complains of whitewashing should read this [comment](http://reddit.com/r/movies/comments/5b0zni/official_discussion_doctor_strange_spoilers/d9mq8ca). 
The earliest thing I expect is a title reveal or teaser in December, maybe on the day marking a year before release. Even that might be asking too much though.
You have problems. Children are human beings not little test kits for you to play with.
Nope. None onscreen. 

I know them best from Battlefront 2 :)
\> Use a greater-than symbol
> Like this
Let you wife give birth in the cinema. That was the baby will be born knowing nothing but Star Wars.
Wow. That's some terrible costume design. 
Pot > defeating world hunger.

Those are some priorities.
If I had kids, they would have seen every movie by now anyway. 
I love that you're being upvoted for being happy about the idea of Clinton going to prison.

It's a good thing Correct the Record doesn't really target this sub or use it as a karma farm like some of the other large, nonpolitical subs
Uncle Owen made strong efforts to keep Obi-Wan out of Luke's life.   

I too wonder what would have happened if  R2D2 and C3PO had not been sold to Owen.  A lot of coincidences brought them together,  (influences of the Force). 
I got goosebumps, even more so than when I first saw that trailer on youtube. The big screen really helps to magnify my excitement! 
I actually have this as a Lego set from Star Wars: The Clone Wars. 
With a rolled up 20, or a straw
Maybe, but we also know that Owen wanted to keep Luke as far away from Obi-Wan as he could. Obi-Wan generally respected that and so I think he was waiting for either Luke to seek him out or for word from the Rebellion that the time was right for the Jedi to return. 
No. Because that's the kind of thing that would happen if it were 2016 (where things go from bad to worse).

In hypothetical, happy 2017, something else happens to ensure that he doesn't get/keep it.
Oh god you're making me want to go watch that episode again. Rebels only has a handful of good animation episodes, and even those are still sub-par.
If you watch the movies in that order it's already spoiled. One of the biggest reveals in cinema history gets all weight ripped from it.

"No, I am your father!" was a huge moment, and a blow both to Luke and the audience. If you see the prequels first it's no shock at all.
Lol. It did seem like a rehashed version of 'Star Wars'.
Gross. Ah well. 
Crap... my wife is is due in 6 weeks... star wars or hospital...
Looks a bit odd on Ben though. 

He had arm wraps in the film but it reached up to his shoulders which I prefer.
My hype died when they announced reshoots to lighten the tone. I want my dark, Vader killing people ruthlessly movie. 
How do you do those lines 
funny how this gets 5000 karma for a simple thought on a star wars subreddit where everyone knows this. fuck
lol 
Wasn't this just discussed? 
Cinemas in the UK used to book only 3 weeks ahead which is fairer than the new idea of 5+ weeks. I only suggest check twitter accounts of the cinema chains. 
Anyone else afraid the universe is going to suck?

They're moving on pretty thin ice here when all kinds of different writers and directors get to decide what is and what isn't canon, just a few big mistakes and Star Wars as a whole will become a far less enjoyable experience.

I personally didn't like TFA at all, probably my least favourite Star wars movie ever made so that's why I'm a little afraid.
My Wife got me a Rogue One T-Shirt while she was at Disney World.

I was so happy.
The mod already said he would.
Looks like one of the speeders from the clone expedition to a moon near Pantora in the animated series. 

S:1 EP:15 Trespass. 
>No. There is another.
Erm... Thanks? :\
Can someone tell me why this one looks so much better than Star Wars 7?
Higher quality animations and textures! I miss them so much... When I see the scene from the episode The Lawless on Rebels recon, it reminds me how good it looked.
Post it in [here](https://reddit.com/r/starwarsmemes)
Yeah, right.  We'll be spending all year counting down to Episode VIII.  It will take FOR EV ERRR.......
What is there to be frustrated about? It's not like their *won't* be an announcement. It's just waiting. Nothing to it. 
It's a Marvel movie. It's like all the other Marvel movies.
*love* the first one
Arent those the Figuarts figures lol?
Not Ian McDiarmid. IM was in the OT


No,  thought it was a forced Star Wars. No pun intended. 
I feel like this kind of sentiment is how we got to the 2016 we've had.
Well, you claimed that it wasn't originally the plan to call everything Endor, just the unseen gas giant.

But at the same time, the movies never actually identify the ice planet as Hoth. They say it's in "the Hoth System". So when we talk about the Battle of Hoth, are we reinforcing a mistake made by EU authors?
but i thought it was considered Snoke is not a sith...
Now, witness the power of this fully operational marketing campaign!
Well the religious stuff is very present with no attempt to hide it, but at the same time, I don't think it tries to shove it. Others might disagree. I think it brings up more points to discuss rather than "take this or die". It also explains his reasoning for objecting which gives context from a secular standpoint. 
Did you not enjoy TFA? Btw, I hope it's better than it as well.
Well, sorry to be pedantic, big difference in implementation between decriminalize and legalize, but let's set that aside for a moment. Biggest oddity is that the LEO that enforces the prohibition gets to decide if it exists at all. Talk about independence! 

Still, aren't we getting episode 8 after all? If you were to bet me and tell me this back in 1999-2005 or whenever, that after the prequels were finished that Lucas eventually sells to Disney and they get to bring everyone back for episode 7, that it would be good and unlike the shiny CGI we were exposed to, Trump is GOP nominee, and Berenstain is spelled with an "a"... No, sir, I would've certainly lost that bet. 
The Hunger Games borrowed extensively in terms of both aesthetics, thematics, and in cinematics from the original Star Wars trilogy. I can't speak about the other movies you mentioned though, because I have not seen them, but it seems like it might be harder to untangle what comes from Star Wars and what comes from movies that borrowed from Star Wars than you think, because they are more similar than they would appear at first glance. 
In the real world he wouldn't lol but Vader made my cry tears of joy in VI
I still haven't seen the last one.
Yub Nub
Dang that stuffs expensive
I've had a seriously negative year, but two of my close friends had great years. And honestly, they give me hope more than anything. Seeing them do good reminds me that next year has potential to be the best year of my life. 
Eh. Not the greatest scene for his voice tbh. Lars is the bomb.
Tr-8r lives on
Tell you what, it it mitigates or cures all those things (including the last four) even I will vote for it. Cheers to a better 2017!
Me too. I think Disney would fight it, simply because having the first female protagonist in Star Wars turn evil would get a lot of backlash. 
Because if I recall every scene of Snoke has at least at one point Hux and him directly talking to each other?
A date movie that's star wars? Why are you complaining?
I would like to throw in that my baseball team, the Baltimore Orioles, wins the World Series. Living out in IL and watching the Cubbies win it all has made me long for an O's championship!
I really liked Strange! I thought it was very well done in every aspect and that Benedict nailed the role. Not to mention the crazy over the top visuals! Great movie probably one of my top 3 favorite marvel cinematic universe movies. 
Yeah exactly, the only difference is they live by a different code I'm guessing. That's really all the Jedi and Sith are is an order, they started out as a race and kind of changed it to an adoption of certain beliefs I feel. 
yea that's a good choice.
so literary themes and the like?
The secret is to turn it off and not think about it. If you hadn't had have said this we would have been closer to the start date!
> For whatever reason.
and why would one exclude the prequels?


>The clones were bread

http://m.imgur.com/gallery/98rZgY2
Man. I know these posts pop up all the time. But is any one else frustrated that there hasn't been any real update? 
Woah, already?! Can't wait for it!
You mentioned some Freemaker Adventures characters at the bottom. Those aren't canon, at all
tell me about it
See, the thing is I wasn't talking about impossible things. 
The most current rumor points toward tomorrow, but there has been no official word. Take that with a very large grain of salt. 
I'm so ready, omg. It's my graduation present. Finish degree, receive Star Wars.
I respect your excitement, but I'm just calling it for an xpost to hailcorporate and and shitpost in an hour
Same. Hang in there fellow Star Wars fan.
For whatever reason. I just wanted to highlight just how many Star Wars movies we may getting in a relatively short span of time.
And this happened: 

http://i.imgur.com/GIc7Jo4.jpg

Still funny. 
Han Solo: A Solo Han Solo Story: A Star Wars Story
My Gym Partner's a Wookie
the farm?
[Link to the original artist](http://pandamune.deviantart.com/art/Inverted-sides-of-the-force-582038373)
Figures don't get much trimmer than Rey's ;p
I'm sorry friend, I forgot to check.
No wonder she wanted to go back to Jakku.
She seemed like she unknowingly dabbled with the dark side when she began her Kylo beat down. The look on her face right before they locked arms looked pretty angry. Although, since she's training with Luke now (supposedly), from a production stand point, it would be a huge slap in the face if every single padawan Luke took on turned to the dark side...
Executor-class Star Dreadnought is an absolute beast.

>the secret to immortality is discovered and shared with everyone who wants it.

.o/
Love.
He was only accepted and forgiven by Luke. Yea, maybe a few others would've forgiven him too, but he slaughtered most of the remaining Jedi and countless innocent people between the Clone Wars and his death.
What? Just stab forward. I wouldn't call a phalanx any sort of "open space."




It boggles the mind that more jedi don't use spears.
Well I don't think there will be a Darth Rey simply because the Sith are no more
>its
I believe it's really like a hybrid between a star destroyer and a super star destroyer. So not extremely big like a super SD, but bigger than the average star destroyer that it can defend places with much less support ships
Will 4chan sub spoil this one for me too?
I like it very much, keep us posted on your progress!
Yes but a pole arm is good for out in an open field or other open spaces. A Jedi will also be fighting in tight spaces and hallways where you couldn't even use a lightsaber that size. In the battlefield it might be useful but it's so long that blocking lightsabers and blaster fire would be next to impossible 
What the hell? Haven't seen that many episodes of Rebels, first time seeing Thrawn at "action". But is that voice for real? My poor poor grand admiral, what did they do to you? Even his face looks terrible. Thrawn was the best character if whole SW universe, and this short clip has killed him for me.



Agreed
Read the FAQ 
I went to see it last night, but they didn't have a Rogue One trailer. :/
Recognize who? That protocol droid with the red arm over there? I'm sure we've never met before...
I hope it's better than TFA
Let others praise ancient times; I am glad I was born in these.

~ Publius Ovidius Naso, aka and dba Ovid: 43 BC - 17 AD.
While I have to agree with some of the other commenters that the prequels did have a story, I think that where this quote really hits is the comparative attention given to the story, versus the special effects.

The prequels had a lot of time and attention put into the VFX, and not nearly as much put into their core storytelling. So it's the prioritization of one over the other that is where things seem to have gone astray.
Yes. It's canon and so is everything released from here on out. 
I had no idea they had Chipotle on Jakku. Rey could have been having burritos this whole time! 
Yes. With a couple of minor exceptions, all Star Wars stories released after April 2014 are canon.
Make this Canon plz
I'm excited, but I'm also extremely nervous. I'm very critical of Star Wars and hope this one can live up to the expectations. 
But look at her personality flaws. A real Mary Sue wouldn't have wanted to go back to Jakku. A real Mary Sue wouldn't have wanted to run away after finding the lightsaber. A real Mary Sue wouldn't have gotten capture by the First Order at all. 

Like the whole criticism about Rey is that a girl who has to fight survive is a good fighter and survivor, and that someone who needs to strip and sell electronics to survive understands electronics. 
I really like Iron Man but I just couldn't enjoy any of the Iron Man films. They just bored me. 
and its going to be very disappointing i have a feeling
I want one of the venator class
That's logical, I completely agree with you.
I know, right? He's got the voice for it.

I still wax back and forth on who's my Palleon. [A particularly martial Martin Freeman might work. ](http://i4.mirror.co.uk/incoming/article2850103.ece/ALTERNATES/s1200/Martin-Freeman-Sherlock.png)
Vader is in it as well as some force sensitive people (I think).
It looks great without a doubt, as I said I will probably even see it on opening night/weekend. It's just not the same somehow. 
As a movie theatre employee, My body is not ready...
Both of Rey's outfits from the movie were similar 
Please, I can only get so erect and I was already at half mast because there is only 6 weeks until another Star Wars movie comes out!
Eh, I'd still love to see it
I'm kinda glad. TFA had the whole movie spoiled like 7 months before it came out, except that the stupid lightsaber in space intro was changed to the Finalizer above Jakku. The New Republic never got their superweapon either. Other than that everything was pretty much spot on.
Do you think Vader was redeemed? 
Also not alone
I'm in the same boat, I just think it's funny that is all we are hoping for 
Work at a movie theater. We are hoping we get to do a employee showing the day before it comes out.
We are most displeased with your apparent lack of progress. :-)
That's sick 
Read the FAQ 
Bot! Beep beep! I'm all about top posts!

This post had 5,000 upvotes and got posted to twitter [@Reddit5000](https://twitter.com/Reddit5000) and subreddit /r/reddit5000!

The tweet: https://twitter.com/Reddit5000/status/795292195553054720

--------------------

^^All ^^7,500 ^^upvotes ^^are ^^on ^^[@Reddit7500](https://twitter.com/Reddit7500) ^^and ^^/r/reddit7500

^^And ^^most ^^importantly ^^all ^^10,000 ^^posts ^^on ^^[@Reddit10000](https://twitter.com/Reddit10000) ^^and ^^/r/reddit10000
This is one of the most hostile fandoms in existence. I got downvoted a over a year ago because I said Luke was absolutely not Kylo Ren (remember that?). After TFA here you were *immediately* downvoted if you though Rey wasn't a Skywalker, or that Snoke wasn't Plagueis (but muh ROTS music). 
Thanks for your kind words. 

I try to be a good friend and all, but I can't be there for everyone. It just seems that 2016 was a horrible year for pretty much everyone (people I know and people I don't know). 

It feels as if I just managed to climb a very tall mountain. I'm sweaty and tired but with that sort of adrenaline rush you get when you conquer a difficult challenge. But them I look back, and see the hundreds that aren't making it, or that are hurt, or that are getting to the top without their loved ones. 

It's amazing how the little things, like a new Star Wars movie, can help us with the bad moments.
Idk about incredibly low, I mean last year was the first one in 10 years and the sequel to Return of the Jedi lol, so hype levels were off the charts. This just feels like normal movie hype, probably will feel this way for most of the movies going forward.
That's true. For all intents and purposes, Snoke and Kylo are basically Sith even though they're not. 
Unnecessary: A Han Solo Prequel
fuck yeah, to hell with all these meh comments i have no idea how their getting a hunger games/divergent vibe outside o having a main female protagonist. 
Why paint on money? I'm curious. 
Most likely just doesn't trust politicians in general...
Well, as shown throughout the prequels, the Jedi distrust politicians. Obi-Wan frequently reminds Anakin that Padmé is a senator, and not to be trusted. Additionally, by the time Episode III rolls around, the Jedi are getting a little wary of Sheev because he's been in office so long with emergency powers. Distrustful enough to order Anakin to spy on him, even before they suspect him of being a Sith. So I don't think it's Piell, it's just the Jedi as a whole.
*Membah Kenny dying ...*
At least it can be rounded off well!
The Vader comic is not only a great read, it has a surprising amount of humour in it.  It is the only Vader literature where I was just as happy to read about another set of characters as I was to read the Vader parts.
I saw the preview last night. It looks way better than TFA.
If only the death of celebs was the worst part of 2016...
Sam Neil would be pretty amazing.
I could get used to this. 
Laugh it up fur ball : A Han Solo story 
Eh.
There's a girl in one of my classes. I've noticed she often wears Star Wars t-shirts, and even has a Star Wars tattoo.

Last week I asked her if she was excited for Rogue One. She said, "What's that?"
Not OP, but it seems pretty simple to me. Two years ago we found out the title of TFA. It was a pretty big deal. They just tweeted it out without any warning. 
Really fucking good. Effects were next gen and tilda Swinton was amazing. You have to see it in 3D, imax if you can
Meh.
To me, it's been centuries. 
March of 2015.
Also saw it last night, mind blowing visual effects. Storyline was great, as is Benedict Cumberbutttruffles
You won't find the Epic Collections as the site is dedicated to canon material only.
Yea, I had the exact same thoughts. It felt a little too easy how finn defected and than joined.
So we're contrarian skeptics just because we found TFA to be unimpressive and don't think it bodes well for the future? I'm not getting your logic. We have a different opinion on the movie and naturally came to different assessments on what that means for the future of the brand. I'm not calling you a optimistic dreamer because you loved TFA and can't wait for more of the same. 

Besides all that, it's just a basic principle of business that flooding the market comes with a decrease in quality of the brand. In the past, they made movies for the most part because they thought they had a good story to tell. They could have made 20X  the profit with constant spin offs but they didn't do that. They had a creative plan instead of a business cycle. However Disney wants to take advantage of their cash cow and milk it for all it's worth. Guaranteeing a box office success every year is not the same as guaranteeing a thoughtful and quality movie. They will hit all the right notes for an all ages blockbuster but will their Star Wars entries hold anywhere near the cultural significance of the past trilogies? After TFA, I'm not holding my breath.

>If we get TFA quality with a year between each release, I'm pretty damn happy. And if you're a fan of Star Wars, I can't understand why you wouldn't be too.

Haha. I guess I'm not a real Star Wars fan because I didn't think TFA did my favorite franchise justice?
me too
Seriously. The news has been overwhelmingly terrifying and stressful, great people have died around the world, I nearly had my eyes carved out by my crazed then - fiance, I'm stuck living with my parents, and can't find a job as a new grad whose BA is only useful if I actually get into grad school next year.   Here's to 2017 turning things around...for everyone.
I check Fandago every few days, nothing yet haha. 
but it never gets old
I very much enjoyed TFA but the disrespect of distance aspect is really galling. As you mentioned, it's an issue in Star Trek too. I know JJ wants to keep the pace going, but in his movies traveling across the galaxy always feels like teleportation... At least let the characters change positions or outfits or something to imply that they've traveled a bit! As it stands it seems like Luke was just at the bar one block over the whole time. 
Assuming you have cable, you can watch it straight off of the DisneyXD website. In fact, for a while, you could stream any episode from season 1 to current, but for some reason they've recently removed season 2 from the site. Which sucks, because I'm about halfway through season 2 and still catching up.
"Lords of the Sith" has some great moments in it, however, I thought it focused too much on the rebels and not enough on the relationship between Vader and the Emperor.  I'd recommend it with that caveat.
Also, could we have a picture from the POV of one of the rebel soldiers?
I personally thought doctor strange was awful. I'm surprised people are enjoying it. 
How was the planet Concord Dawn half destroyed/disappeared? Weapons tests for the Death Star?
OP, do you like money?
I've never been more ready.

It's not TFA kind of hype, but I am already counting days nevertheless.
I know!  Why are people even talking about Episode 8??  This one is going to be amazing, I can feel it!

My predictions: 
-Less fan service than Episode 7, but still... some fan service.
-Surprising new details about peripheral character from Episode 4, like maybe Tarkin?  (Auto correct keeps wanting to rename him to be a famous football player.)
-Minimal lightsabres, but when they appear, they are used for something besides acrobatic dueling.
-An ending that marries up with the start of Episode 4 like Lego bricks.
-Another awesome female heroine we will be deconstructing for a year.
They aren't blowing it up this time around though.
I'm sure if you just google it you'll find it. I wish I had a better answer but google is your best friend 
I'm not totally sold on this movie yet. The reshoot and lack of early ticket availability has me worried. Plus all the trailers have been downers so far. Star Wars needs to be fun as well!
You have high expectations for 4chan m8.
You could always hit yourself in the head and go watch it again
White slavers
hope so too
Hey man, 2016 might be a wild ride, but your experience with success while your friends are struggling is just life. People have their ups and downs, you're just happening to have an up while many of your friends are experiencing a down. Be a good friend, be there for those who need it and would be there for you if you were in a bad spot. But don't for a moment feel guilty for doing well for yourself.
Serioisly 2016 has mass murdered celebs this year.
Yeah, and it sucks knowing that they white washed it and cut all the dark/uncomfortable themes or scenes out for the sake of the kiddies. 
Yeah for me, this year shit has really picked up for me. I hope you guys dont have another shitty year like this one.
I'm with ya man. By milking this cash cow so hard they're desensitizing us to the feels. Going a decade without anything on the big screen is an easy way to get goosebumps (and tears?) when those big yellow "STAR WARS" words appear on the screen. With Disney turning this into Marvel 2.0 with movies every year, it'd be unnatural to get so insanely hyped every winter. It just can't happen. 


Definitely expected an announcement on ticket sales...
Light Halo spoilers:

Basically Traviss wrote a trilogy of books concerning the period of time in between Halo 3 and 4. The books focused on a black-ops unit which was overseen by a Spartan drop-out a featured another Spartan who was presumed MIA. 
One of the major arcs of the trilogy saw them track down and arrest Dr. Halsey, the creator of the Spartan program. 

Halsey had always been written as a morally grey character. Granted the Spartan program was a moral black hole - centred around the abduction and augmentation of children with the goal of turning them into super soldiers. Her actions however eventually lead to the salvation of humanity and the galaxy at large.

Traviss took a pretty hard stance with her writing that ends didn't justify the means. The majority of new characters she introduced to the universe saw Halsey as out right evil that should be punished. She also wrote the Admiral in charge of naval intelligence who signed off on the Spartan II and Spartan III programs (which were essentially child suicide squads) as somehow having the moral high ground in the whole situation.


Sorry for the rant. It just irks a bit and is something that didn't sit well with a lot of the Halo fan base.
No jedi maybe? This is the first film without a jedi in it (as far as we know from the trailers).
It's pretty subtle but I mostly notice it in close ups on board the Tantive IV and when Vader is in the cockpit of his TIE at the end. 
Hm. Didn't know Andi Gutierrez practiced the dark side. 
I miss the hype feeling from the first movie.  They havent been ontop of keeping us aware of when tickets go on sale.
Yeah this true I didn't really think about that. I still don't think they're going in that direction though because it might confuse the general audience, considering a lot of people don't understand where Rogue One fits in. Would be very exciting if they did though!
How in your face religious is it? Being from Mel Gibson I have my doubts if it would even be enjoyable if it's just shoving Christian propaganda the whole time. Like it's fine the dude was religious and all that but I can't stand being beaten endlessly with "hay remember all this stuff was done cause he was Christian!" shit. A good dude is a good dude. 
\>sanders replaces her as president.

... wouldn't Tim Kaine do that?
Lol, that won't change the DEA's mind. It's like they cover there ears every time a new study is published indicating beneficial medical outcomes.

On the bright side, several states are likely to decriminalize it this year, so at a state level it's going to be legal. In many places.
you know what else? Star wars land is happening. It's a real thing. And it's going to have a queue with full sized X wings.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=su3DjDHgtt0
that's gonna be one ****sticky**** situation!
I'm not sure you know what the word "clone" means 
I actually designed that logo but never got a hat, so disappointed.  At least I got my jacket.  I hope you like the space bear :-)
They don't seem to be promoting or advertising it as much as the last Star Wars movie. I recall with the last movie, Star Wars merchandise was everywhere you looked. If it weren't for OP making this thread, it would have skipped my mind that a movie was even coming out. 
Dude cant be as bad as 2012 was for me.

Dislocated shoulder: took 8 months to even remotely heal, physio, excruciating physio twice a week and monthly follow up at the hospital

Poisin ivy from HEAD TO TOE for which i had to take prednisone for 5 months for,
Had to go to the emergency room THREE times. Side effects of prednison kept me from sleeping while my whole body was swollen, infected and itchy

Crazy bacterial infection in my throat that lasted about two months, even to do a biospy cause the doctors thought it was throat cancer.

I wont even get into the story about this girl i met who ended being married to a pakistani mobster.
I hope you're not my lawyer
Just one of those days, huh buddy? 
why would one exclude the prequels? 
Man that's what I said in 2015
I picked up the Scarif and U-Wing pins while I was there last week. They're pretty nice
The Jedi were heroes for a long time, for at least a thousand years, the Jedi were peacekeepers and defenders, superheroes that could destroy worlds, yet they just wanted to help. 

I believe the Jedi were pacifist because the galaxy didn't really have a lot of war after the Sith were defeated. There were skirmishes here and there, but the Jedi were quick to act and to find peaceful solutions to these issues. After so many years of fighting a war against an enemy that made of mockery of everything they held dear, they were more than happy to avoid it.

The Jedi were always part of the Republic, at least from what I can tell. It wasn't a new thing for the Jedi to be working for the senate. The Senate was the voice of the Republic and the Jedi were defenders of those voices. 

The Senate wasn't always corrupt, but a few people were. Keep in mind the Senate had thousands of representatives from thousands of worlds. There was bound to be a few bad eggs.

The one major conflict was a war that was designed to destroy the Jedi. The Jedi, beholden to the Senate, were conscripted as Generals in TCW. They had no real say in the matter. They couldn't say no and let countless people get killed and watch the Republic because they sat on their hands. But they were the most skilled people in the Republic and they had to listen to the Senate, so it was the only reasonable choice for the Senate to do. 

The Clone Wars was orchestrated by a man who wanted to destroy the Jedi. He made them Generals, but (in the new propaganda book) the Jedi never took the spotlight for their actions. I assume this was to help bring down public opinion of the Jedi. There were no posters of 'protect our troops!' with Jedi at the forefront. Over time, the average citizen saw the Jedi as cold and concerned only with the war. They weren't out there, bringing hope like the parades of Clones. They were away in their tower, but people didn't see that they were trying to end the war. 

People got tired of war. When Palpatine finally pulled the trigger, people were okay with accepting the idea that they Jedi were traitors. They were the ones who were fighting and staying away from the public eye. They were probably plotting something! They lead all those armies yet never spoke to us! Yada yada yada. It goes on and on.

Palpatine decides to wipe out memory of these guys, these traitors, these monsters that would have taken over the Republic! People were eager for the war to be over, so they accepted it. 


too much CGI
Fucking South Park - those berries are awesome.
Man, I know this is a bit off-topic, but I feel so bad by that. 2016 has been a hell of a year for me. I had my fair share of challenges but somehow I managed to beat the crap out of them. Besides one negative experience in September, this year will go down as one of my best years so far, if not the best one. 

Yet I look around and the world is crumbling, my friends are getting fired or falling into depression, breaking up, their relatives are getting sick (even have a friend who lost both parents this year) and everything was overall terrible.

I kinda feel bad for my success and for the fact that I can't help most of what happened to everyone. So I think like you. I just hope 2016 goes down as the worst year so far for everyone, and that things will get better from now on.
Finally! A Star Wars movie about a Death Star, Darth Vader, and unusually good looking young people of well-prepared ethnic diversity!
The knowledge of yearly releases kinda ruins the excitement for me.
'Member AT-ATs ?? 
I probably won't even see it in the theater. I couldn't give a shit about Rogue One and just wish it was Ep 8 which I will certainly see opening night and probably a couple more times after that.
Just re watched the Force Awakens last night. So pumpedd
As a copy of ANH maybe. Cant wait for TESB copy next year!
I keep getting excited for it...then remembering that I'll have a newborn by then so I can't go see it when it's released. :c
Maybe you should start doing things differently? 
<---- lives in a country with no cinemas ;-(
Anyone heard anything?

We're a solid week into November, 6 weeks out... and still no ticket presale?

Seems bizarre...
I can't bring myself to get excited about this movie.

It's just such an uncreative premise. I don't *care* how the rebels got the Death Star plans. A prequel like that can only be flashy explosions and fanservicy in-jokes. TFA didn't add a single thing to the Star Wars mythos and this one looks to do the same thing. They keep cannabalizing the same material to keep it safe because they're terrified of their own fanbase.
He killed his dad and everyone's favorite character. He ain't redeeming himself in my eyes haha
Let's just hope 4chan doesn't decide to spoil shit in flairs like last year. 
Kotor for example. Or something completely new.
I don't visit this sub. I came from /r/all, so I enjoyed it.

Fuck me though, right?
I sincerely hope it will be better than TFA.
I know what you mean... It's hard to believe that it won't even be a year old for another month or so
It's really good! It's definitely worth seeing in theaters, at least for the effects on a big screen, but the story itself was really well done as well. Funny at times too.
