Version 3.6.0 of praw is outdated. Version 4.0.0 was released 1 day ago.
Is there any place in DC where you can buy Cheerwine in container form?
I'm coming to town in December and I have question about the metro. My girlfriend and I will be getting around DC exclusively through the Metro but we're curious what kind of pass we should get. We'll be there 3 full days (Saturday-Tuesday morning). We'll be going from Rosslyn station to the usual touristy spots. 

I see that the metro has 3 different types of passes, the 1 day, the 7 day, and the 7 day short trip pass. Which pass should I get? Getting 3 1 day passes is more expensive than the 7-day short trip pass. Should I get that one? It says I get up to $3.60 in peak fares for the day. How much is that?
Another question - has anyone been to the Christmas bar thingy up by U St this year yet? My friend really wants to go but I hate long lines and from what I've heard you're looking at hours of waiting for something that doesn't seem totally worth it. I'm thinking trying to go Sat may be better because we can get there earlier to stand in line (maybe like 4-ish since it opens at 5?). I see it's bigger this year so perhaps the wait/experience isn't as bad?
Friend is coming in town Thurs-Sun for a conference and I want to come up with a few (cheaper) fun things for us to do during her off time that are not museums/monuments. I've only lived here for 2 months so still getting my bearings and whatnot. ZooLights looks like fun so may hit that either Fri or Sat night (followed by bar hopping of course, prob Adams Morgan since it's right there). Any other suggestions?
I'm a grad student at MIT who is trying to mobilize students and concerned citizens to peacefully protest the upcoming inauguration on Friday, January 20th.

I would love any recommendations on activist groups to contact / to get in touch with any representatives from activist groups to inquire about how we can help each other (if at all!). We are primarily thinking about lodging right now (at various levels: free / donations welcome / donations requested, to benefit the housers). We're focusing mainly within MIT right now since it's the community we're most familiar with - we know it'll be a chaotic time, and we are committed to taking steps to ensure that DC-ites feel safe and comfortable.
Will be in DC from 12/23 to 12/27. How cold does it get? Earmuffs and scarfs? I'll prob be at the National Mall for most of the time and want to be ready as I'd be walking around outside.
Anything fun going on this weekend aside from what's in the pinned thread? A couple friends are back from school and we're looking to do something laid-back.

Thanks! 
For all newcomers to DC, especially those who speak primarily another language, I highly reccomend Accint city tours.  The company is like a language learning company but they also offer city tours of DC and they are awesome. 


Link: Accint.me
Visiting DC in early December. Would anyone have any good recommendations on a hotel near Reagan airport? Won't have much time for "tourist-y" things, so attractions aren't super important. Just looking to stay at a hotel that won't turn into a horror story later on.
How do the White House self-guided tours works? I request them, and then they give confirmation like a week or two before the date? Is there like a specific time slot they'll give us? Or we just go in between open hours?
Are the rush hour parking restrictions enforced or applicable on Thanksgiving day? 
Hey i just got here today for a short family vacation during thanksgiving so I have no idea where anything is. I was looking for a place to eat nearby, we just got out of the international museum of spies (which was rly cool btw) on the edge of Chinatown. I noticed a resteraunt called Gordon biersch but I'm not sure how that is

EDIT: also, what about any cool places to go nearby?
I live in Columbia Heights with a few roommates currently, lease is coming up in a few months and am looking to possibly get my own place. Anyone know of any reputable landlords/property management companies? I'm going to be taking a few strolls around the city to see if I can find some names and numbers, in the meantime. 
Kanye just cancelled his tour, but I do not want to cancel my train tickets and Airbnb. What can I do in DC on December 27th? I am staying in U Street. 
What is the best way to get from Washington International to Adams Morgan at 11pm on a Friday night?
Can someone ELI5 the whole Comet Ping Pong "controversy"?
I left my backpack in a cab, but don't know the cab company. My credit card statement just reads "Taxicharge Washington DC." Does anyone know how I can find the company? or any advice at all?

I filed a lost and found submission at the department of for-hire vehicles but don't know what else to do. 
I'm relatively new to DC - only moved here a couple months ago - and I'm wondering whether this wind is going to kill me and why no one else seems more panicky about it.
[deleted]
Will Eastern Market be open on Christmas Day? 
What's the age breakdown generally? Wondering if I (30) am too old to attend.
Why can't she go with you?
I really hope this isn't your first attempt at finding Sylvester a new home...
Very apt username. Should've found a new apartment/home with a pet allowance.
Drop her off at a shelter?
White House Counsel.
EPA and Health
I think Education has it worst right now.  The potential for damage to our public school program is truly frightening, especially in poor communities.

That being said, HUD had someone nominated who's completely unqualified, and there's been no further news for days.  Rumor has it that lenders dependent on FHA are pressing for someone more bank-friendly, or at least minimally competent.
All of them, Katie.
Which are the agencies that'll be eliminated? They have it worst. 
The people who try to stick it out at 18F or WH Digital Services. Whatever Trump lackey put in charge is going to be hard enough, but the real pain is how Trump will drive away a ton of tech talent and keep them away as long as he's in office. And the people that will be brought in to fill the gaps will be incompetent.
I'm sure who he puts in charge of NASA will be awful.
Jeff Sessions at DOJ. Not me, but a friend.
As Obama said, "I'm cautiously optimistic" about the next four years. I have no problem with Trump making it easier to fire non-performers.
The answer: Yes
Remember, the BEST case scenario for State is Mitt Romney, who couldn't handle a trip to the U.K.

Sessions is the worst.
[deleted]
i was planning on spending the night drunkcrying alone in bed but this will do i guess
A true rick roll would be for him to perform every one of his songs.. but that one.
DC is getting rick rolled
Already asked the fiancee if you wants to go...she didn't bite.
Oh damn, I thought this was an ad for Captain Morgan.
If you're homeless, how do you establish your residency? Last park bench slept on?
As someone who was once homeless in a strange town, this troubles me.  Shelters are bad enough, but not having access to one is worse.

This is likely a reaction of the persistent perception that Maryland and Virginia basically funnel their homeless population into DC. It is something many DC residents are kind of upset about, and is part of a backlash over the expansion of services and the associated costs. This is just my guess. Political pressure is basically starting to build from constituents. 
Interesting. I'm not sure I totally understand the part about people going to homeless shelters when they have alternative places to stay; who are these 10% of people staying at DC General when they can stay somewhere else? Is the issue mental illness, or a lack of understanding of other options or... what? I kind of wish the article had delved deeper into this because it seems utterly bizarre that someone would even want to do this even if they could get away with it.

(The motel room thing might be part of it, but even then -- it's suspicious to me that there are people whose housing options are so bad that they'd rather roll the dice on a motel room or a homeless shelter. Could slum conditions be contributing to this? That might be something for the Mayor/administration to dig into because there might be some other problems besides just a lack of filtering.)

I do think that a lot of other jurisdictions free-ride off of DC's services though; they underfund their necessary services to care for the homeless and cause them to have to come to DC to survive. While there are obvious humanitarian reasons why DC has the programs that it does, there's only so much funding that these programs have.
They t'k er shelters
What about the probably ~12% of all DC public school students that aren't actually DC residents?   

Oh, nm - that's part of DC's fine tradition of go along to get along.
Locals only 
Only to save face. Once the changes have been implemented, it will be nearly impossible to go back.
Dear Metro,

You still suck.

Love,

Everyone
Ugh they caved. Great. 
I'm sure you could search Google for several but I recommend Miriam's kitchen

https://miriamskitchen.org/get-help/
FYI if it is a really cold night and you see someone sleeping rough: "Call the Hypothermia Hotline at 1 (800) 535-7252 if you see a homeless person stranded in the cold. Vans will transport homeless individuals to a shelter" from http://hsema.dc.gov/page/extreme-weather-cold. Maybe save that # in your phone.
thank you for being awesome!
Thank you so much for doing this. You are awesome. 

Can I make a small suggestion? If you can, it could be super helpful to include female sanitary products in the packages you give to women.  Menstruation is one of the biggest barriers for women who are homeless, as tampons/pads are expensive and very rarely donated. Since showering is a challenge for those women, menstruation can also lead to serious infection. Tampons and pads allow them to be clean and safe, and also boosts their self esteem and self worth.
Consider calling 311 and asking them what you should include. If you're interested in any resources in MoCo, I can scan the leaflet that the MoCo Coalition for the Homeless gives to volunteers to hand out to homeless folks. 
Twins Jazz and Columbia Statiom  never seem to get very crowded
i love the grime that is the Velvet Lounge
Up stairs Hamilton 
I didn't think this through. 
Ritz Carlton Tyson's Spa, ask for Jennifer, she's been doing it going on 20 years, can't recommend enough.
Yvette at Semra skincare in Georgetown
Salon Roi in Adams Morgan is really good and I think they have groupons for their facials 
The bathroom of Nellie's?
Cue inappropriate facial jokes.
[Paris Alexander](http://www.parisalexander.com/). It's no frills but Paris is AMAZING. Book a basic and she'll tell you what you need next time. 
Secrets
Celadon Spa https://www.celadonspa.com/
This isn't going to end well...
Red Door Spa.  Several locations in the DC/metro area.
Volta in Georgetown. Independently owned and run by the woman who taught me how to Reddit. 
http://www.voltageorgetown.com

Ayyyyy
Dans Cafe
This sub is low key Dank af
I was having a really shitty day until I saw this post. My inner 13 year old (the outer is 30 years older...) thanks you heartily for your sacrifice in error.
for a guy or a lady? I know it doesn't really make a difference but I am a guy and I went to the http://www.thegentlemensquarters.com/ for a face and back treatment plus nails before my wedding and it was great. 
I hope that you like pineapples. It is better than asparagus.
Uh, Phrasing?
Hey-oh! 
get on Yelp
Salon pejman in Georgetown. Ask for Debbie she's amazing. 
Aura spa is good and not too expensive. Plus you can try VIDA fitness for the day. 
Crew Club
[removed]
I can bby pm me ;)
11 comments, 1 real answer.

but i gotta offer... i'll do it.
My house, I'm in friendship heights. 
The bedroom is always good, but if you feel frisky I recommend the deck.

Say hi to your neighbor too.
While the article is interesting, why was this study performed by a lawn care company?
Sort of burying the lede: "But while some metro areas like D.C. saw a net loss"

Does that suggest that DC's population boom is slowing? Not surprising, at least not based on anecdotal observations of the numerous friends who have been leaving. It's just too expensive, and unless you are tied to a government job, there's no real other huge upside to living in the city.
Understandable, Baltimore has really blossomed over the past few years, and despite it still having a number of very rough areas, huge swaths have been completely revitalized and are just delightful. Although not a feasible option at the moment, I would certainly consider moving to Baltimore sometime in the future. 
Richmond is happy to hear that
It should be noted this is the DC area. DC itself is still increasing in population to the tune of 10,000-12,000 a year. The DC area also continues to grow even with the domestic migration loss. Net migration numbers can be a little tricky to calculate. I have a feeling the growth of the number comes from Howard County, which is becoming more of a DC suburban county than a Baltimore one every year. This is where the difficulties of migration get harder to track when two metro areas are close to each other, and one is technically larger. The DC metro area may be subsuming Howard County. It should be noted, Baltimore itself is not seeing much growth, but it's southern suburbs are. This was done on metro areas, and not cities themselves. In terms of the cities themselves, Baltimore remains stagnant, and DC is still rapidly growing. 
Because Baltimore is awesome, close, and much cheaper
Commutable to DC, Plenty of good bars a restaurants, cheap, lots of entertainment options within walking distance. 

Seems like a decent tradeoff. 
This was cross posted in r/baltimore and I'm laughing about the 2 entirely different directions the response to the article had 
It shouldn't be suprising, you can buy a nice home on a half acre in Howard County for less than an 800 sf condo in DC.
This data is wrong simply because they exclude international inflows, as they state in last paragraph.  It's also unscientific and suspect in general.  Why do people blindly believe stuff like this?  
This is good to hear especially for HoCo. The traffic isn't as bad and you're still within driving distance of DC. 
If you can't make it in DC, there's always Baltimore.
For people who couldn't cut it here
Man, I love seeing people talking on Reddit about Labyrinth.

Just to clear some things up, yes, we're working on getting the legislature fixed so we can sell singles. We just expanded the store because we got so much feedback about the amount of space. Upside for right now is we've been able to raise the maximum number for FNM and expanded Tuesday night offerings. If you haven't been to Labyrinth since the expansion, you should definitely check it out.

Unfortunately, there aren't any Magic events scheduled this Saturday at Labyrinth. We are however going to be celebrating our 6th Anniversary, and you're more than welcome to join us in the festivities!
Labyrinth is in DC proper (although I'm not certain exactly where) and Victory Comics is a reasonable distance from the east falls Church metro station.  Victory has regular Saturday events and I'm sure labyrinth does too (although it is a fairly physically small store).
In addition to labyrinth, check meetup.com/mtgindc  crystal city mall/shops is a popular spot for people to play, and I see drafts, cubes, pugs, etc there a lot.  
Just buy singles online. It's generally cheaper as you have a wider selection of stores to buy from. 
Selling single cards isn't legal at the moment in DC, I believe. I don't play MtG, but you should check out the local game store Labyrinth. They do regular scheduled events and have tables for people to play. 
Write your Buzz Feed article somewhere else.
I've heard a lot of great (by great I mean hilariously horrendous) things about Smith Point in Georgetown. The Yelp reviews are top notch too.
>Metro is the only major U.S. transit system that does not receive a significant amount of its funds from a dedicated source. This has been identified repeatedly as a major shortcoming that contributes to underinvestment in the system.

Metro has been trying to get a consistent budget source from Maryland, D.C., and Virginia since its inception. All other major mass transit systems across the globe have dedicated funding sources, but D.C. doesn't have that luxury so we are now feeling the pain with 'Safe Track' and the multitude of other issues the region has been experiencing with Metro. 
This is just fucking garbage. One does not simply express in words how dumb of an idea this is.
WMATA: Hmm, I'm feeling a little fat after Thanksgiving.  Maybe I'll lose some weight if I cut off my right leg?
I mentioned this in another article,but plans to punish Virginia by shutting down lines that go into it will hurt the entire system. As it stands,  northern Virginians have already started paying a special tax to fund transit and just this past November voters in Fairfax and Arlington voted to issue new debt to help fund Metro. Eliminating Metro service to regions that aren't willing to increase their existing subsidy might be emotionally satisfying but what that means in practical terms is that these counties -- that are already paying a lot for Metro as it stands and are poised to pay even more as Loudoun County joins the Compact -- will have no choice but to pull back their existing subsidies. 

Metro is a regional system; there's no way to operate it right now without the support and right of way of all three jurisdictions. 

I understand why the DC reps are frustrated but this kind of thing just undercuts the position of the northern Virginia jurisdictions who are already working hard to get funding for Metro (including the existing tax and the debt initiatives that they've already pushed through). Legislators from Salem or Roanoke aren't going to be intimidated by threats to close the Silver Line; the people who could really be scared off are the ones who already support Metrorail.
And people wonder why our mass transit systems suck in America...
I mentioned this in another article,but plans to punish Virginia by shutting down lines that go into it will hurt the entire system. As it stands,  northern Virginians have already started paying a special tax to fund transit and just this past November voters in Fairfax and Arlington voted to issue new debt to help fund Metro. Eliminating Metro service to regions that aren't willing to increase their existing subsidy might be emotionally satisfying but what that means in practical terms is that these counties -- that are already paying a lot for Metro as it stands and are poised to pay even more as Loudoun County joins the Compact -- will have no choice but to pull back their existing subsidies. 

Metro is a regional system; there's no way to operate it right now without the support and right of way of all three jurisdictions. 

I understand why the DC reps are frustrated but this kind of thing just undercuts the position of the northern Virginia jurisdictions who are already working hard to get funding for Metro (including the existing tax and the debt initiatives that they've already pushed through). Legislators from Salem or Roanoke aren't going to be intimidated by threats to close the Silver Line; the people who could really be scared off are the ones who already support Metrorail.
I wonder if this will be the last nail in the coffin for those businesses in the old Union Market area. Hopefully A Litteri stays open. Love that place.
That poor Harris Teeter...
Capitol Hill TJs to open in 2017 too
Both Union Market and Eastern Market will have Trader Joes. Seems like overkill.
Outstanding news. Trader Joe's is one strong establishment other than Wegman's. 
Keep Union Market Weird
I think you have 180 days to change your official residency with the city, but not to secure tags. You have to change your vehicle registration and tags as soon as possible.

How long have you been using the temp permit? Does it have an expiration date on it? Or have you just been going to the police station and getting 5-10 day visitor permits repeatedly? Because that would definitely be a bad idea. I think they get you with ROSA violations after they see you at least 3-4 times in 3 weeks.
there is always a line for marvins, avoid. madams organ is a good spot
Codmother on U if you like 90s music.
The funky junkie
Wonderland. Not even a question. 
Black Whiskey? Marvin? Dodge City? 
Shaw Bijou
Just stopped by and took the same exact photo. Gorgeous!
Where this ?
God damn do I hate driving there 
 I'm from DC, but moved to Colorado a few years back. This makes me feel nostalgic, and also miss home. I used to love eating in the food court there :/
So do I. But for different reasons http://www.rollcall.com/news/hoh/list-hohs-list-holiday-parties
This is the one Cloture Club posted, no?
I love this. 
If Virginia doesn't want to pay for the Metro then service cuts should be focused on Virginia.
If you were anybody else, I would have given you shit for posting a popville link when one could simply post the [original link](https://dcgis.maps.arcgis.com/apps/webappviewer/index.html?id=4892107c0c5d44789e6fb96908f88f60), but you get a pass.
It's so cool it makes me want to donate some time to look stuff up for the project.
I see Popville decided to get in on the Fake News phenomenon. 
Not a chance in hell I'm reading that
That is some grade-A cringe right there.
TL;DR - schartenfreude
This is 100% real, I know because I was jogging behind the black woman, trying to engage her in a conversation about economics. And behind me was a native american man, following me with the swiftness of an eagle, shadowing me like a cougar. While we sprinted through the busy downtown streets, like four traincars racing on uneven tracks, the native american man asked me "Do you want to hold my plastic cup?". I was perturbed by this, as I had no need for a plastic cup during my run, I had a camelback on, bouncing on my back and keeping me hydrated the four of us surged through on coming traffic. I ruminated and divined what this could mean. 

Surely, he didn't take me for a Conquistador, poisoning his homeland with my smallpox blankets and my machines: I recycle, I don't litter, I never burned the Teepees of his Grandparents, in fact, I did my best to plant a tree once a year and retweet any hashtags regarding the Dakota Pipeline. Of course, this didn't stop me from responding quickly. I screamed at him "YOU WOULD HAVE LITTERED IN EUROPE HAD YOUR PEOPLE INVENTED SAILING SHIPS FIRST". Immediately, I knew it was the wrong thing to say. This was confirmed when the man said, "exactly," and peeled off I assume to go to the native american museum to dance around a bonfire.

It was at this moment that I crashed into the black woman, whom I had been following, and who was following who I can only assume was a racist, she was in some sort of euphoric trance. 

Now we are both in the hospital.
Embarrassed for everyone involved including the writer, Dan, the imaginary people in the story, reddit, and myself for reading it. 
That happened.
>“Realizing my White Privilege on a Sunday Run”

OR Every Buzzfeed Comments Section I've Ever Read
TIL: High enough dosages of white guilt cause hallucinations. 
Only you can prevent forest fires. 
One part of me wonders if Poopville is just one troll of a blog.

He probably makes up almost all of the weird posts. Just to get traffic from arguments.
Non-Popville archive: www.archive.is/47mNI
'A shrine to your kind' would be a decent band name, imo. 
That either didn't happen, or it involved a long string of profanity uttered by the runner to the crazy person that they decided to rewrite into a checked privilege.
lmao wow
Fake for sure, how did she know he was going to that particular museum?
r/neverhappened.
I read the whole thing, and while I don't think this actually happened, I still don't understand what point the black woman was trying to make.

When he tells her she shouldn't judge someone based on their skin color, she replies: "exactly."

What the fuck does that even mean? He shouldn't judge her because she is black and jogging beside him while wearing business clothes? Or is it just a statement on racism, in general?

Is she assuming he judges people based on their skin color simply because he is white? Isn't that racist?
Wow, look at the comments in the original blog post.  A lot of folks there are just as confused as the one in this thread.
Yeah, [this whole story](https://img.ifcdn.com/images/99551411669367782d773d7ceadc2876909095c162c1aa0d259418759b4f37ff_1.jpg)...
This is 100% serious.

 I overheard part of this conversation, as the woman was following him and asked, "do you work for the government?" I was walking to metro center from the holocaust museum. 

So weird.
After looking around for a while I'm convinced the only feasible and cost-effective option in this area is to find several people to go in with you on a small auto shop. People renting out individual garages often specifically say "no auto repairs" in the listing and those that don't will likely freak at the first sign of an impact gun. Check the office/commercial or parking/storage sections of craigslist and you might find something. Let me know if you come up with anything.

Thanks for the recommendation!
I wouldn't be averse to the idea of renting a space with a few people (or just simply renting a shop space from a current owner/leaser/renter). My intent is to just gain shop space in an enclosed area (with power ofcourse with a compressor as the gravy, but not a necessity) and I will supply my own tools. I have been checking sporadically perusing the List, but unless you are renting out an entire floor space, it seems to be slim pickings as no one is willing to just rent spot our of their warehouse. I am sure there are shops around who are willing to rent out floor space, but I have not delved into that as of yet. I will also willing to venture out into the MD suburbs as well.
Yikes, if that's a historic site you fooled me. It could do with some, um, preservation..
Interesting. I'm only a law student, but just by going off what's stated in the article it seems like the GSA would have at least a plausible case for terminating the lease. I doubt anything will be done about this issue though.
The title's wrong.  Trump isn't in violation of the lease because he hasn't been sworn in as President yet.  Terminating the lease now would give him all sorts of standing to sue.

Trump let's LLC he creates 'run' hotel and keeps any profits in escrow until the end of his term. Next issue? 
The author's bias against Trump begins to show toward the end of the article, which isn't necessarily bad but does raise issues of impartiality when discussing contractual issues. 

For example:

> In a perfect world, Trump and the GSA would negotiate a mutually agreeable termination of the lease or a novation/transfer to an unrelated firm. Nothing thus far suggests that President-elect Trump appreciates the need to do so. As a result, GSA must take unilateral action.

Hypotheticals about what one party may or may not do does not excuse unilateral action. The GSA must act under the terms of the lease, and I suspect that the lease includes an arbitration clause. Even if no such clause exists (doubtful), then the GSA should treat Trump as it would any other party when there is a breach of contract.

The author also does not effectively dismiss (in my view) the idea that the problem could be resolved by Trump appointing his children as the administrators. But again, there's probably an arbitration clause and this could be resolved through arbitration.

It is interesting though. We've had wealthy presidents in the past but never someone with such extensive business interests. It'll be curious to see how things develop.
Mr. Schooner is a GWU law professor and judging by this work, he should resign for lack of competence. He misunderstands contract law in a number of aspects, and seems to think that conflict of interest is a breach of contract. 

He bizarrely and wrongly conflates the contractual language and obligations (which Mr. Trump would not be exempt from as President) with various ethical principals (which do not carry force of law and do not apply to the President in any case).

He also attempts to portray the contractual issue as "relatively straightforward government contracting issues." He himself later acknowledges how complex government contracts rules are. Indeed, here, his quoted language states “No ... elected official of the Government of the United States ... shall be admitted to any share or part of this Lease, or to any benefit that may arise therefrom...”  

This language reads, to me, as pertaining only to the formation or subsequent modification of the contract. It does not read that a party to the contract would be suddenly in breach if they became a government official. I am not a government contracts expert and cannot speak to any precedent in interpreting this boilerplate. 

Essentially, he fails to show the contract language is actually in breach, then tangents off to ethical issues. But here too he refers to a statute that binds Mr. Trump on ethics grounds, but that does not apply to this contract. He then refers to completely irrelevant other material regarding debarring federal contractors.

Finally, ignoring his faulty legal analysis, his entire piece is predicated on the fact that neither Mr. Trump nor his team are attempting to remedy any potential issue. This is a man who cited Trump's tweet about his foreign holdings for the proposition that Mr. Trump was backing off of passing his holdings off during the presidency. He clearly has no sources. Essentially, his article boils down to Mr. Trump hasn't tweeted about plans to novate the lease, so GSA should unilaterally terminate it now (potentially at a cost of billions to taxpayers if his analysis is found to be incorrect in a court of law).

This is a Trump hit piece disguised as legal scholarship. Mr. Schooner should be ashamed.
that isn't the point of this clause..

the legislative intent was to keep congressmembers out of the trough not to wipe out the wealth of people running for office.

The contract existed, later a party ran for office..

the drafting of that clearly ends a property right which makes it a due process violation.
So they should terminate the lease.  
How about after Sec State Clinton removes her name from the organization and payroll of the Clinton Foundation.  
Oh wait...
That was neat. Thanks. 
What qualifies a community as "progressive" in this context?
For Catholics there is the [Catholic Worker](https://dccatholicworker.wordpress.com) and [Pax Christi.](http://www.paxchristimetrodc.org) You will also find a pretty strong progressive Catholic community at Georgetown University and Holy Trinity parish.
I'm also looking but don't currently have a home church - what is All Souls Unitarian like?
I highly recommend [Luther Place] (http://lutherplace.org/) on 14th and N. They have two Sunday services 10:30 (traditional) and 5pm (contemplative/jazz). PM if want more info or want me to save you a seat.
I bought hushpuppies from a stand next to The United House of Prayer for All People on h street at like 1am on a Friday once.  The hush puppies were delicious and they seemed nice, I assume they were affiliated with the church.  So take that as you will. 

edit: I realized I don't actually know how progressive they are, I just sort of assumed they are based on the name
Temple Micah is pretty progressive and has a YP group called Next Dor. Washington Hebrew has a YP group called 2239, which has Shabbat services once a month downtown.
I've been to a few event's hosted by  All Souls Unitarian members. Everybody was super nice and I got along splendidly.

But there was something I couldn't quiet shake off. Lots of members appeared to be transplants looking hard to fit in and the people I met seemed to live in a bubble in DC. Seemed they didn't have  connections with people from all walks of life. Even cursory looks on FB invites on events my friends invited me to made me cringe a bit.

Honestly think these orgs create more group think and bubble mentality and I rather connect with all sorts of people. Wondering if others felt it odd that makeup of these progressive orgs are too similar.

But nice and caring pepole for sure!
Foundry United Methodist Church.  DM me for more info.  
If you want to check out Jewish communities, there's [Tikkun Leil Shabbat](https://www.facebook.com/groups/tikkunleilshabbat/).
My wife and I go to [Lutheran Church of the Reformation](http://www.reformationdc.org). Located right by SCOTUS, it is extremely progressive church with an active young adults group. Highly recommend. Feel free to PM me about it.    
http://www.districtchurch.org is a great place!
Its a non denominational church centered around Christian life and social justice in DC. They sponsor a number of non profits in the area and actively promote weekly small groups and social events (The music is also fantastic!) 
The Second Story warehouse in Rockville gives cash or credit. Nowhere I know of is going to give you anywhere near the actual value though. If that's what you want, you'll pretty much need to sell online or some other direct-to-collector method (vs through a retailer).
Idle Time Books in Adams Morgan - great local used book store.
Cap Hill Books
Wall of Books in Parkview on Georgia Ave. 
Small place named Book Bank on King st in Alexandria Book Bank

https://goo.gl/maps/DFMrkSwXCEo
I live in Brightwood Park. It's sort of a more sleepy version of Petworth. There's not really much reason to go there if you don't live there which keeps it pretty quiet compared to somewhere like Columbia Heights. Brightwood west of GA ave seems more expensive/snazzy the closer you get to Rock Creek Park. Then again, the house flippers are aggressively at work in Brightwood Park already too. I like it here but like most of DC, I'm not sure you really get much for what you pay.
Lived around there in like 2007. Sleepy is it. Great place if you want a yard though. 

Kennedy Street has a lot of potential but is still pretty run down. Georgia Avenue has a lot going on. 

When I went out it was into Silver Spring as often as it was anywhere in DC. 
They can't. The whole point of improving areas is that they get nicer, and nicer = more expensive.

If you want housing to be affordable for poor people in these areas, there's either the supply side approach (build much more housing to bring the equilibrium price down) or demand side (pay poor people to rent these units).


Gentrification is a feature, not a bug. 
If population increases and more areas gentrify, doesn't this imply that new jobs are coming to the area and raising income levels to support the bigger population in a costlier economy?
*urban renewal
Oh for fucks sake. 
Cool, it's good to know the cops will be using polite language while beating unarmed suspects. 
Don't violate my rights and don't harass vulnerable minorities and you can curse all you want. I'm inclined to dislike police officers but DC cops are usually reasonable. If anything, they should probably use more force. 
See if your employer participates in the Zimride network:

http://www.zimride.com/bot
Two real ways to get into the field:

(1) be friends with Ian Bremmer. 

(2) look for another job. 
Good news - private sector disruption has come to DC!

First, you got to dress for the job you want from the upcoming administration:
1) MAGA hat
2) Confederate flag patch
3) 1488 tattoo

Complete the look by ceasing to look after your personal hygiene.

Next, post a rant at Breitbart about SJWs and how we need to kill all the Muslims. This is sure to get you noticed by the man making all the decisions, Steve Bannon.

You'll soon to be on the fast track to get a consulting contract!
[Sacriligegious Opinion] 21 nigiri courses for $130 dollars, that's pretty good. But 17 rolls of sushi from Wok-n-Roll for $128 got my vote. Sorry Jiro. "Jiro Nightmare of Cheap Sushi" 
Jiro's meal (3 Michelin stars) cost $281 at the bar, this will cost $150 it looks like ($130 seated).  Definitely not an every night meal but within a once in a while splurge for the experience.
Still waiting for the day when I can dine on a Trump Taco Salad on May 5th.
That's a shame, can't in good conscience support anything related to Trump. Where you spend your money is about the only way the middle class can influence politics in any way.
I wonder if the food has as much salt as the comments in this thread.
Yeah... I don't really care where the sushi restaurant will be. I'll still go there once it opens. Looking forward to it.  
This thread is a garbage fire. 
Just go to [Makoto](http://sakedokoromakoto.com/).
If you're hating on the location but want to eat some good sushi, there's [Sushi Taro](http://sushitaro.com/) as well! I'd say it has a pretty good [reputation](http://sushitaro.com/review.html).
What would be in the Trump Roll?

I can't wait to go! This is gonna be awesome.
No sushi for me then.
"Wahhhh" is all I heard there at the end.

It's like Chick-fil-A all over again. You're penalizing a small business owner because of their mild relationship to someone who is an asshole. That simply makes you the asshole for being complicit in damaging a small business for something that's really irrelevant to their talents or success.
Good sushi comes to the president's hotel.

Not really seeing the issue, more for me I suppose. 
You have to either be soulless or buying favor with the new administration to walk into that building.
Well, I can't support anything connected to Donald Trump, but this is such a gift to D.C. I'm very bummed. Jiro Dreams of Sushi is one of my favorite documentaries.
I respected Jiro's commitment to doing something correctly. But he was only doing the classics. I want insanely creative things like buredo or rolls by you. And, for the price, I'm just not sure how much better a, let's say, piece of salmon nigiri can get. 
Why is it bad news that it's in the Trump hotel? Who gives a shit.
*twee foodies morph into daily struggle meme*
How is the current restaurant there doing?  Is it packed or empty for lunch?

My understanding is that the hotel itself wasn't doing too well until Trump won and now all the international diplomats are staying there in an effort to bribe Trump.
I ate at Sushi Nakazawa in New York last month and it was one of the best meals I've ever had. I'm not a snobbish foodie douche but I like to eat good stuff when I can swing it. It's worth the money. 

I'm just glad I already went because now I don't have to worry what people will think about me and my political preferences. 
DAE hate fascist drumpf?
It's in lying-sack-of-shit's Hotel? 
Dammit. 
had the same disappointing news when I was checking where BLT Prime was :(
I took the DC bar in 2012.  I might have been the only native English speaker in the little room of 20 I was in.

It's like with the NY Bar exam, which also has a really low pass rate: it's not necessarily that much harder, but a greater percentage of folks taking it aren't native English speakers.  A language barrier is naturally going to add some difficulty to the exam.
This data is from 2015. DC is now a UBE jurisdiction. The 2016 July exam pass rate was 62% (compared to the 42% pass rate cited in the linked article).
...which is why lots of ppl take the bar in other states and waive in.
How much of this is "the test is hard" and how much is that DC often ranks #1 or #51 in lists of "all states + DC"?
I'm surprised it isn't the Louisiana Bar. That shit was hard. Fucking Napoleonic Law

I took NY and wavied in to DC. Now I am curious about DCs.
They need to stop drinking before the exam
DC ranks <top or bottom> of list that treats it like a state. How shocking!
These stats are meaningless. I know people who live in Virginia and intend to take the Maryland bar and waive it into DC. In fact, it's largely the preferred route (unless you absolutely intend to practice in VA) - which none of these statistics can accommodate for .
From a strictly human resources point of view, there's no clear answer as the company will want to keep you in this "engaged" state and hope to benefit from your desire to overproduce. 

Once someone knows they either will (or will not) get a promotion, they tend to slack off towards the norm - think about an honors student who gets into their top school and then gets a few C's on the report card. 

This company may have its own needs and you may or may not be able to fill them. It's also possible that you will bust your ass and the company won't have funding to convert you. 

The best thing you can do is make yourself needed and take on tasks that are complex. All the while, make sure you are actively looking for other jobs, just in case. 
I've had a number of interns, and the ones we liked the best were the ones who took initiative and didn't act like they were above the work.  When someone says "Can you find X?" don't ask them where to find it.  Do some googling first.  If they say you haven't answered the question, offer to try again.  I've had so many people tell me that shitty writing IS "the best" they can do because they don't want to try it again, or ask me where to find something I've just asked them to find.  Or if I try to tell them not to end a sentence with a preposition, they'll say "oh I never learned what a preposition was."  Bullshit.  If you had a college degree, you know it.  Just admit you're wrong and move on.

Once I know I can trust someone, I give them bigger jobs and harder work.  But if I know I am going to have to edit whatevr you write eight times before I can send it to someone else, there's no way you're going to sit in on that meeting, because you haven't shown me why it could possibly be worth our time.  
Sexual favors. 
Any of the temp agencies. Randstadt, Ruthi-Postow, Manpower, etc. Doesn't pay great but easy to get into and easy work.
Uber?
[taskrabbit](https://www.taskrabbit.com/become-a-tasker)
Not ideal - but maybe one of these research firms that seem to call me all the time  - https://www.shugollresearch.com/careers
HireStrategy and Ajilon also provide temp work.
Plenty of places hiring seasonal employees right now. 
Try hanging around k st after 10 pm in some short shorts. 
And close at 11:30 on weeknights.
I should make a checklist and see if I can meet every Uber driver in the city. May be possible now.
How about those late night buses?
I love this place, but shit likes this makes me think DC is some sort of joke city
This is pretty outrageous. But nobody here seems to really care. So it will happen.
Good. Metro closing at midnight messes up people's weekend plans. 
I've always preferred Uber and Lyft anyways.
Love Kramerbooks, hate the kind of people I see in Kramerbooks.
Didn't the pitmaster from DCity Smokehouse go join their kitchen team too?
Hello /r/washingtondc!

My name is carlos carmonamedina, and I've been doing these series of illustrations for 46 weeks now. In the postcards, I try to highlight the life at the capital, with different situations and buildings. I'm convinced that Washington DC is an awesome city, and it deserves to be portrayed beyond the typical monuments. Real people lives here... why don't giving them voice?

This is a self-imposed challenge that was born in this very subreddit, and I'm extremly thankful for the exposure. Over this year, 'Postcards from Washington DC' has grown so much and is now becoming a nice little [online shop](https://www.etsy.com/shop/CARMONAMEDINAstudio). Also, this weekend I'll be selling my work at the [Heurich Christmas Market](http://www.heurichchristmas.org/) (Friday and Saturday) and the [TamalFest](http://holacultura.com/) (Sunday)... and it's all thanks to you guys!

I thought was a good idea to do an AMA so you could let me know your suggestions for postcards, the reason for your downvotes, or if you just want to say hi. This is a project that has been always inspired by this community, so I'm happy to have you involved!


Thanks again!
This one is great. I love how you captured the family friendly environment of the gallery!  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XDljUmu1rVE

DC Metropolitan Police Department YouTube link
they look really young
Paid *family* leave.
And yet most employed people in DC that I know struggle with finding a day care they can afford on two GS12 paychecks sans college loans. I am all for maternity and paternity leave but this is actually less valuable than affordable day care.
In general paid family leave is a great idea though a few thoughts:
I'm generally not a fan of taxes on employer 'per employee payroll tax' - make no mistake, its still a tax on you which determines the cost of how much it takes for you to be employed.  Again, no problem with the amount but it allows the cost of government to be hidden from the person being truly taxed (you).  Unless a person is well informed and goes looking at how much an employer pays for their total wage, it hides the tax away and makes salary negotiations more opaque for the worker.  
Second - the wage cutoff, especially given this areas high wages (and my bet that they don't index it to inflation), isn't particularly egalitarian and thus doesn't do much for even slightly below median income.  
Third - yeah, this is costly, and its a matter of priorities.  If you did 8 weeks instead, and (for example for scale) put the rest towards the Blue Line in DC expansion, you can pay for the tunnel between Georgetown and Rosslyn and start the separated Blue line and have money to spare while having the most generous program in the country ($2 billion over 30 years).  (Note I'm using this as an example only)
>D.C. government employees would also be excluded, since they have their own program offering eight weeks of paid leave.

So DC wants to tax private employers & small businesses to fund 11 weeks of paid leave for employees, but DC is exempting itself &amp; they offer only 8 weeks of leave?
2.5 years for implementation seems absolutely ridiculous. There has to be a way to expedite that.
lol, paid leave?  Lets see that pass congress!
And those of us who still fund the schools with our property taxes and who don't take tax breaks by choosing not to introduce yet another unwilling participant to further drain resources and pollute this overpopulated world will certainly get an equal amount of extra vacation as well out of this, right?

Wait, why are you laughing?  

Don't fucking government workers get paid enough?!
Hi all - just throwing this out there hoping for some luck.  Our dog escaped our dog sitter and is roaming free. He is a beagle, about 25 lbs. His name is Reggie. He has a red collar and is micro chipped. He is scared of new people and will run when chased.   He got out at 8th and K.  Last seen on I st at 10th running towards 11th. 

Please message me if you happen to see him.  Thanks! http://imgur.com/TBpRQe2
Good luck finding Reggie. Hope he comes home soon.
On the facebook?

Edit: can share with friends in town...
Have you checked 601 F St NW? (j/k)

Make sure you call Animal Control and the Humane Society and give them the chip information if you have it.
you may want to try putting flyers at the kingman field dog park! Lots of dog lovers hang out there. 
I live on 9th and I NE ill keep an eye out. Check the shelters every day. and post on Craigs list. 
Keep us posted will ya?  I'm hoping Reggie comes home.
I found some at schneiders and I know rodmans had some today
The Total Wine off Little River Turnpike in VA carries it.  Might want to give them a call tomorrow.
Depending on how desperate you are 1 West liquors on P street right off Dupont will have it, but expect to pay at least 1 limb for it.
Over the weekend I saw a bunch at Metro Wine & Spirits at 1726 Columbia Rd NW, Washington, DC 20009. Give them a call. I also have some from last year I've been holding onto if you really can't find any.
Churchkey just had a an event featuring that beer this past Friday. 
Schneiders on Capitol Hill had a bunch last year.
You're probably too late but you might get lucky at some random corner liquor stores
Harris Teeter in Adam's Morgan had a whole shelf yesterday.
I rode orange from Farragut West to Ballston around 9:30 this morning. It was fine. I didn't even notice it was on SafeTrack scheduling.
I ride from courthouse to  Le'fant.  The wait was long for me(15 minutes) and the next train was 20ish minutes behind my train.  It wasn't packed, albeit I went to work pretty late.
My commute this morning was relatively unremarkable on the affected section.

Given how SafeTrack has been so far, I think we won't really know for a few more days. It seems to take a little bit for the routine to settle in, particularly on the tail end of holiday weekend.
From Vienna to Ballston I arrived 20 minutes late.
Ballston -> Wiehle-Reston

Left 10 minutes early, arrived at my normal time, but I did arrive at the Ballston station at around 6:10 AM.
took silver line from ballston to reston at 8:15 this morning, glad i walked in when a train arrived otherwise my wait would have been 18 minutes...

east falls platform was more crowded than usual but they do have half the platform closed so to be expected
Rosslyn -> McPherson this morning around 7:40am. 

Had about a six minute wait and the 8-car train was pretty packed. Usually a max. two minute wait and 6 car trains will be crowded, but not as much as this morning. 

Not an apocalypse, but could definitely tell something was going on. 
I ride the silver line early-- like first train in the morning early (5:22am). Came slightly earlier than usual. Got to my destination just a couple minutes later than usual. 

Didn't notice any significant delays other some idling inside some tunnels around downtown.  


So long as you don't live in a mixed use building. I can't get a parking permit because I'm in a mixed use building, but if I lived across the street then I would be eligible. 
https://gettested.cdc.gov/
Whitman-walker near 14th and P has a 1 minute hiv test. The rest of the tests take about a week to come back in but they are professional and welcoming (and free!). 
http://doh.dc.gov/service/sexually-transmitted-disease-services
Remember that certain STDs will not be checked for unless you ask (herpes for example). There might be a fee. Also some have long incubation period before they will turn up a positive result. Good luck!
Pakistani coworker?
Try visiting the museums. The African American History Museum is now open. You have to visit the Smithsonian website to get tickets, but it's free. There's also art galleries in DC that are free.

I think the national portrait gallery has free events in their atrium daily. Their calendar can be [found here](http://npg.si.edu/whats-on/calendar)


The ice skating rink near the sculpture gardens on the national Mall should be opening up soon. If the weather stays cold. It's pretty affordable. It's around 20 bucks for a session, if I remember correctly. I'm going to take my girlfriend there soon.


There's a Christmas Market opening up at DuPont circle this upcoming weekend of December 3-4th, that'll have lots of neat things to look at. There's also a market that opens up on weekends at the Eastern Market metro stop. I assume they'll start selling holiday things soon.

The Kennedy center has performances daily, and a lot of them are free during the early afternoon.
[Monthly Schedule](http://www.kennedy-center.org/calendar/index?gclid=CjwKEAiAyO_BBRDOgM-K8MGWpmYSJACePQ9C_j7JcenE6ajbphAUYZwMpBOGBAFHqjcDlS_ifvCiZRoCk_zw_wcB)

hit the club and turn the crowd to a moshpit
Search meetups for museum tours/indoor activities for the winter. 
The Korean Cultural Center hosts periodic events, including art exhibits and movie nights. The Japanese embassy hosts similar events. Join their listservs for updates.  

Great way to get out and meet people and learn more about a new culture. 
Check out folk (contra), swing, and blues dancing at Glen Echo Park! 
Zoo lights is a free event at the and the lights are beautiful. The whole zoo (down and up) is about a 1.5 miles so it's a nice small walk. Theodore Roosevelt island is very close to the city with beautiful trails and monument!
Can an average rowboat support you?
Oh man, posts like this make me cringe for the inevitable flow of PMs OP will inevitably get from cave-dwelling losers trying to pick up a girl.

Guess it's good OP used a throwaway, though.
Do you have a car? 

You can go hiking at Great Falls or even out to Shenandoah. I just went out there two or three weeks ago. 

If you like people watching, you should go to a mall like the one in Pentagon City or the one in Tyson's Corner (both in VA). 
Go hike great falls.
Not sure what college you're at, but are there any clubs or orgs at your school that do just this? I know my college in DC had a club that specifically took hiking trips and what not. Try finding one through your college!
I've been to the zoo lights here . It's great . College student as well 
I have a year old corgi if you ever want to go on an adventure with us! I find dogs a great way to get out there and talk to people :-)
My partner and I host potlucks and get together like board game night or movie outings. We're always inviting me folks to join in (see my post history). PM me if you're interested, we do most of the planning through FB. And don't worry about making something for the potluck, you can bring stuff to cook or supply the chips or drinks.
Thingstododc.com has a lot of cool shit pop up
I second social dancing. You'll meet a lot of cool people doing it. No experience is needed, just the will to have fun and to try.

For swing dancing/lindy hop:
Tuesdays nights have a great dance and free beginner lesson at the Jam Cellar. Friday nights have a DJ'd dance and beginner lesson at Dupont Circle. I think Glen Echo on Saturdays, like /u/lidka18 said is usually the best place to start. If you're carless, Glen Echo on Saturdays, might be harder to do. If you make friends, or just straight up as someone on the facebook groups, you can probably find a ride. Glen Echo and The Jam Cellar each have their websites that are easily google-able.

This Saturday at Glen Echo will have a great (live) Jazz/Swing band and the instruction is fun/easy for beginners if you're interested! Let me know if you go!
Hey dude I am a 19 year old college student attending one of the colleges in the area! PM me if we go to the same place maybe we can do something!
She has no idea what she is talking about. Open containers are very much illegal.

https://beta.code.dccouncil.us/dc/council/code/sections/25-1001.html

>
(a) Except as provided in subsections (b) and (c) of this section, no person in the District shall drink an alcoholic beverage or possess in an open container an alcoholic beverage in or upon any of the following places: 


>(1) A street, alley, park, sidewalk, or parking area; 


>(2) A vehicle in or upon any street, alley, park, or parking area; 

They're wrong.  Technically anyone in the car could be charged, realistically they would charge the person(s) it most likely belonged to.  And technically bottles need to be sealed; a capped beer bottle is OK, a half-full bottle of wine with a cork in it isn't.  
They are called roadies.
It is very illegal. You had a right to be upset.
Um...... I'll just leave this here:

https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/4aw1z3/how_would_you_dispose_of_a_body/
Why do I get the feeling that she's never had to deal with these morons before.  Welcome to DC Muriel.
god their sour faces are priceless
They could always get rid of the no-chase policy and go back to paying out the victims if/when they start running people down while trying to elude.  Can't remember if it was MPD, Mayors office, Council or the city attorneys who decided to establish no-chase as the rule here, but the options are pretty much either deal with 'disruptions' like this or start chasing them down.
Second video [shows in-full the reaction of Mayor Bowser and Interim Police Chief Newsham.](https://twitter.com/vbagate/status/803062460420935680). Bowser not pleased, Newsham visibly [fill in the blank].
Interesting. 
Interesting.
more 'go along to get along' culture at play. Mayor doesn't wanna piss off the families of her voting base. nothing will happen. sad but predictable.
for anyone interested in the Baltimore kids here is a nice Documentary http://www.12oclockboys.com/
They'll probably keep on doing it until someone gets kill or hurt
Honestly, walking around on a college campus -- or anywhere, really -- you can probably find at least a couple of people to say something weird and silly. You could probably, if you wanted to, find some people on that campus who don't even know that the election happened already or who won. Jay Leno used to have his "Jay Walking" segment on his late night show which got cheap laughs from exploiting this phenomenon.

 I'm not sure you can use it to make any broader social commentary that Castro is more popular than Trump or anything about how college students view Castro, who hasn't exactly been a prominent figure in DC for a while now. (I mean, you CAN, but it would be bullshit).
It's American University--what did you expect?
I've never heard of *Campus Reform*, but they appear to be right-leaning. 

Personally, I'm just tired of the general moralizing or condemnation of Castro as a leader. Frankly he hasn't been relevant in at least the last decade, and perhaps even since the Cold War.  

Castro's rise was very much a reaction to American imperialist ambition in Cuba. We long propped up Batista, who was just as brutal a dictator in Cuba, because he allowed US companies to go in and pretty much own the island (remember his golden phone?). Castro stepped in and claimed state ownership of all resources that the US once held.  

I'm not saying all this to justify Castro, but merely to put things in perspective. We have long been convinced by the Cuban exile community that Castro is the devil incarnate, but the truth is US policy in the country set the conditions for his rise. Not to mention our [more than 600 attempts on his life](http://www.cnn.com/videos/world/2016/11/26/fidel-castro-assassination-attempts-orig.cnn).  He was a despot. But he was a despot of our creation.  

I'll grant that the comparisons to Trump are ridiculous. Or at least premature. Who knows what the next 4-8 years will hold.  
Such a stupid question... What does Trump have to do with Castro? Castro led Cuba for over 50 years. Trump hasn't even been inaugurated. 
Stop the presses this is the most important story of the century. You surely have the Pulitzer locked down.

Your stories on global warming being fake and how you arent a nazi will only further lock down this award even more.
I don't recall Trump executing the GOP members that ran against him in the primary. Maybe he'll shoot Clinton on election day. There is still time. He could be worse than Castro.
Is this a meta commentary designed to show people what fascism feels like? If so it is successful. 
Donald Trump is likely to do far more damage to the United States than Castro could even imagine. 
Glad we are hearing from the children. 
These section 8 voucher rates are based on HUD, meaning the federal government. The second aspect is DC itself does not hand out many of these vouchers. The list has been closed for several years now. There are some cases were a temporary voucher is issued that is district funded, but it only lasts a six months to two years.

The second part is these vouchers themselves do not go very far in DC, at least west of the river. While one may be able to snatch a studio with a voucher, that is about it. Most of the people who have vouchers who would get a studio are elderly or disabled. A significant portion of housing vouchers go to elderly and disabled people in general. 

It is very easy to complain, but DC is an expensive city. Unlike many cities vouchers are not defining the market rate (this does in fact happen). DC has far more high income earners and high demand from these higher paid workers. 
DCHA [Approved Rents](http://www.dchousing.org/rent_hcvp.aspx) page will give a more accurate view of what's *actually* being paid.

I suggest you learn more about the role FMRs play in rental assistance, who sets the FMR, and the government agency that provides the rental assistance. 
This is why people say government is not efficient and privatizing works better. These rents are expensive because they include the cost of political favors.
It pays to be poor?
The [last surge of the year ends December 21](http://wmata.com/rail/safetrack.cfm?). No word on hours adjustments for the holiday yet. Miller Brewing picked up the tab for last year's late night service, so I guess there's always an off-chance, but they didn't announce that until mid-December. I'd recommend studying your bus routes.
Pretty sure they will close at midnight..

"Also, Metro will not stay open later than scheduled nor will it open early for special events such as playoff games, rallies or marathons through at least May 2017."

http://wtop.com/sprawl-crawl/2016/05/closing-time-metro-sets-final-weekend-late-night-service/

I wouldn't depend on the metro for a ride on NYE.
Dan's cafe
Flash, U Street Music Hall
How old are you? That determines everything.
I'm 30.  I like the club scene but also a lively bar scene is nice
[Rogue One IMAX tickets went on sale!](http://www.tickets.com/search/?s=rogue+one)
I bought Rocket League. I played Rocket League. I need sleep.
[This.](http://www.bbcgoodfood.com/recipes/1236/carbonnade-flamande) Can confirm: made and ate (the whole thing) yesterday.
I rode the red line this morning and didn't want to shoot myself
Lease is up in 30 days!  Looking for a new place starting Thursday!  Can't wait to trade this luxury bullshit for a strange subterranean lair.
Will realistically only spend maybe 10 days in the office in December
Good trip to the future in-laws the past week. However, Greece austerity measures go into effect today when it comes to eating. Holy southern fat fat fatty eating, Batman.
I've got tabletop game night with co-workers on Wednesday. And I may be able to turn them on to Batman Fluxx!
Read the visitor's guide in the sidebar, then get back to us with any specific thoughts.  
I feel like being anti-pot is pretty far down on the list of problems with Jeff Sessions as AG
I hope they plan on staying off of federal land. Considering possession is illegal
...b-but I thought Trump was pro-weed!

You mean to tell me that parties *do* matter??
Sorry, but Holder/Lynch and Obama had 8 whole years to at least take Weed off of Schedule 1 and did not. 

This is protesting for the sake of protesting. 
Until sessions or trump start making moves to crack down, this seems counter productive. 
People should be paying attention to where Pence stands on this, because it's becoming entirely apparent that Trump will be effectively using the Presidency as a feather in his cap while attempting to run his businesses, leaving actual policy decisions to Pence and his cabinet.  To date, Trump has only had 2-3 daily national security briefs, while Pence has received them daily since the election.  Trump prides himself on being a manager and having the ability to choose and delegate to the best person for the job, and the fact that he is leaving a President's number one responsibility to his second in command speaks volumes about how he plans to operate from the oval office.  This is further evidenced by all signs pointing to Trump maintaining his primary residence in New York.  Pence will run the White House day-to-day and operate as a caretaker of the Oval Office, while Trump will do as he has always done: operate as the grandiose face of the business.

 Pence is your standard "tough on crime, full of morals" republican, and so is Sessions.  They will take the complete opposite position on "states rights" when it comes to marijuana legalization (as opposed to whether gays can marry (remember "we should leave it to the states to decide"??)).  My guess is we will see additional DEA and IRS enforcement actions against marijuana businesses in states with legal recreation laws.

The best tactic here would be to not antagonize Sessions, and to point to the significant revenue gains made by states that have legalized marijuana for recreational use, and to what use that revenue has been put (e.g. education, addictive drug counseling and prevention, etc.).  Laying low and playing to the financial strength of burgeoning industry would be the best tack to take. 
Of all the ways to spread your message, this is most definitely not the right one. I worked on the hill for 4 years. not once did i see a pot advocate who didnt have a pony tail and look like he lives in a van. If they put on suits, looked polished and presented intelligent and logical arguments, it would go a lot further. Take all that money theyre gonna spend on weed and hire a lobbyist. play their game. 
What a dick.
Remind me again the position that Obama and the current AG have on legal weed?  
Oh, they've cracked down just as much as the last 8 presidents? Odd.
Enjoy it while you can potheads. The next president may or may not choose to let states select which federal laws they follow and which they ignore.
Marijuana issues are at the bottom of the list.  There are many more pressing matters to take care of first.  
You guys do realize that Hillary was rabidly anti-pot?

At least Trump wants to decriminalize it federally and leave it up to the states. 
The worst part is that with those headways, they could very well be short-turning trains at Ballston using the interlocking there and still maintain some semblance of service on the the Eastern ends of the OR/SV lines and yet they refuse to.
And of course its going to rain on Tuesday and Wednesday
I'm a little surprised they're not bring the BL down to SL/OL headways to keep parity.

I'm a little less surprised that they're just saying "expect BL crowding" instead of upping BL capacity during this. They probably have a bunch of rail cars way overdo for maintenance they're using this as an excuse for in terms of keeping those cars out of service.
I travel from Vienna to foggy bottom, I am now officially fucked for the rest of the year. 
Have the DC Metro people made any kind of mention about when all this work will be done?
I get Safe Track blows... but let me just say it's still better than SEPTA in Philadelphia. Trains run every hour and that's on a good normal day. 
This should be very interesting. 
You have a lease that says you can't sublet, but you want to sublet.

The lease also sets no terms for early termination, but you want to terminate (your portion?) of the lease early.

Be prepared to pay rent there until June 2017, whether you live there or not. And if you've all signed a single lease you're probably each individually liable for the full amount of the rent in the event the others ghost. 

The ONLY hope you have is the landlord's sympathy. Do ask, but don't expect it to work.
You have to make a deal with the landlord, you are locked into paying out the lease unfortunately unless you can prove hardship (which doesn't look like it from what you're saying)
>Has anyone ever dealt with this kind of thing before?

Has anyone ever had bad roommates before? Has anyone ever not had bad roommates?

Unfortunately bad roommates are not legal grounds for breaking a lease. Make sure your pitch to your landlord is solid because that's really your only hope unless there's more to this story than you've posted here. 
Have you tried talking with your roommates? Like actually sitting down for a real conversation?
Communication is key. So many problems can be solved by simple, honest, and kind conversation. Have you spoken with your roommates yet? I think it would be helpful to have a conversation with them about your concerns by using "I" terms "(I feel X) so that they don't feel attacked. Also, I would have a conversation with your landlord. Perhaps he's willing to give you a break. You can even negotiate by offering to pay one or two months rent or forfeit your security deposit.
there is a landlord tenant court at judiciary square and law students work there during the week and can give you free advice 
It will all depend on your landlord. Your chances will be better if you already have someone lined up and willing to take over, but if your lease already specifies no subletting, which is what I did in a similar situation, your chances may not be great.
You signed a binding agreement stating that you would pay the landlord to live there every month until June, that you aren't allowed to sublet, and that there is no option to terminate early.

Best advice: learn to communicate- try your housemates first, then possibly the landlord, but don't expect the landlord to fix your problem.
That's a rough situation.  Assuming they have not harmed you or threatened to harm you, I have no idea if you have any recourse.  I have two suggestions.

I would go here first: https://www.dcbar.org/for-the-public/help-for-individuals/landlord-tenant.cfm

If they cannot help, you can call: http://ota.dc.gov/
First of all, is your landlord a management company or just the owner of the townhouse? If he/she is the owner, then I'd say you have a pretty fair chance of being able to break it. It of course depends on the person, but for example, my landlord just used a lease that he found online that says no subletting, but then when my roommate got a fantastic job offer in another city, our landlord agreed to let him break the lease. If it's a management company, it never hurts to ask, but I doubt you'll get much sympathy.

Also, before you do commit to another place, make sure that you have someone lined up to take your spot. Housing moves slow this time of year, and when I had to break my lease in November, it took almost an entire month to find someone to fill the spot.

Also, it will really help your case to provide your landlord with some proof/documentation that your roommates are making life hell for you. Write down what they say, when they bring people over, take pictures of their messes, etc. It makes your case a whole lot stronger.
Just commenting so I can refer to later as I'm in a similar situation. 
Very good work!  How did you figure this out?  Google satellite view only works for the aboveground tracks.
I'm curious. What's your motivation for doing this?
Very cool -- what's changed from what you had posted before? Is it all Silver Line part 2 stuff?
Any idea what the spur between Reston Town Center and Herndon Monroe will be used for?
[Why isn't the track between West Hyattsville and the Fort Totten tunnel shown as elevated?](https://www.google.com/maps/@38.9524953,-76.9705073,3a,75y,268.37h,94.06t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sE_MMk3QjGHjU0zaXfnzFSg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656)


(BTW this is still super cool)
Any idea why there is a dead end spur between Telegraph Rd and Duke St?
Is it correct to still label the NoMa-Galludet station as "New York Ave" when it's no longer signed as such?
Money talks and bullshit walks, people.
We need to nip this in the bud right now.  And get rid of the Verizon Center ones to kill the proliferation forever.  

DC has always been ad-free.  
In order of personal preference:

* NRA range (off rt 66)
* Silver Eagle
* Sharpshooters (in Lorton)
* Blueridge Arsenal

There is also Northern Virginia Gun Club but I have never been there, so I am not sure how they are.
I've been a member of Sharps in Springfield/Lorton for 5+ years.  They are one of the few ranges that allows for rentals, and they have a large selection (well over 20+ if not 30+) to choose from.

Their range is a little dark, but it doesn't bother me.  You can easily see the targets.  The employees can be standoffish, however that's normally when they are busy.  Also, they're not there to be your friend.  They're working.  I've always had good re-pore with the staff.  I frequent this range about twice a month and the only complaint I have is the lack of parking when it's busy.  

What I do like is their oversight of the shooting range itself.  They constantly walk around to assure people are firing correctly and not pointing their firearm in the wrong direction.  Many new or inexperienced shooters come here, good to know they are on the lookout.

The NRA range is nice but too restrictive for me.  They are also more expensive and Sharps IF you shoot regularly.  However, the NRA is cleaner and much brighter.
NOVA ranges where you can rent a gun:


Sharpshooters

Elite Shooting sports

Blue Ridge arsenal
Elite Shooting Sports is really good but its in Manassas. Sharpshooter is probably the closest but its also garbage. 
Silver Eagle Group in Ashburn is fantastic.
For rentals I always like Blue Ridge. The rental is $12, have to buy their ammo, and they allow you to swap out the rental (one at a time). 

So if you're renting with an eye towards buying, grabbing some of their ammo and trying a few different manufacturers/models is really helpful. 

If you are inexperienced however, I would go with someone who knows a fair bit. They make you perform a basic proficiency/safety check with the weapon. Which I wholeheartedly agree with, but a first-time could have some trouble executing. 
I was just thinking about buying a gun and I saw a bunch of ranges on Google. Just Google your city and gun range. 
as buried in a reply, most DC public libraries have bookable private rooms
If you have a car I would recommend finding a quiet side street. Could also do the same thing with a zip  car or car 2 go. 
Kogod courtyard in the National Portrait Gallery or International Square Lobby (has free Wifi).  Neither are private, but both are large and open, so you should be able to find a quiet spot.
The Mayflower Hotel has an upper loft area in their lobby with chairs, and I've hardly ever seen anyone up there. At least they used to. 
It's really convenient to Farragut North, and no one would think twice about you taking a phone call there.
Good luck on the interview!
Book a meeting room for a conference call at your current office.  

Also invest in a decent headset. With a good one you can be on a construction site and the person on the other end will have no idea. 
Go to the lobby of pretty much any building...and no, not a library ffs...the quiet is for everyone not your damn call.
Hotel lobby 
I do them in the alley behind my office
Cove - you get a one day free trial and there are a ton of locations.  I work there remotely once a week and there are spaces where you could interview in peace!
[deleted]
>d like to go home but I have shitty service in my basement apartment.

Probably can't make this happen by Wednesday, but get a phone/plan/carrier that lets you do WiFi calling. 
Google Voice over WiFi at home.
TAMALFEST: Attendees sample tamales from across Latin America. Organized by Hola Cultura. 1-5 p.m. [$12 in advance \(via Kickstarter\)](http://kck.st/2giByvn), $15 at the door. Bell Multicultural High School, 3101 16th St. NW. 202-722-0335. 
This looks awesome!
Thank you for not calling it Tamale Fest! Also, what an amazing animated gif. 
Is this as crowded as pupusa fest?
I'm confused. Tickets are being sold through Kickstarter, but it's not (yet) hitting the goal and so all these people might not have a ticket if it falls short of $4000?
Don't poison them or kill them while they are in walls or between floors. They will give off a rotting stench for a long time and are difficult to remove.
Set up a few traps? Use peanut butter.

Also be glad they aren't rats.. unless they are..
[Cat in the wall](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Wco2uE6vyQ)
Are you me? They haven't been in my basement apartment that I know of because no mouse poo but I do have a 52 lb pitmix so I think that's why I haven't seen them. 
Huh, I didn't see that coming.  Hopefully something reopens there -- that deck is great.
This sucks. I've noticed people were are mostly 50/50 if they liked the food there, but I liked the pizza. Especially on happy hour.

When I lived in Bloomingdale in 10/11, they were the first "nicer" restaurant/bar I can remember opening. Before Boundary Stone, Bacio, Red Hen, etc. I think the old Beau Thai on New Jersey opened about the same time. They started the wave of restaurants in that immediate area, and I always liked it there. Other than nice days on the patio, it was pretty slow. I'll miss it, but that space will get something new very quickly.
Great chill spot. When I first to Bloomingdale years ago, this was the first place we went. Still go back even though my fiancée and I don't live down the street any more. Saw the news on Twitter last night when we got home from Thanksgiving travel and were floored. Totally caught off guard.
I remember moving into the area around 2011 and it was the only sit-down place/bar in that neck of the woods.  Their food was never really spectacular and got out shined by Bacio and Boundary Stone.

Strange that they gave such little notice on its closing and over a long holiday weekend.
why is it that nearly every poopville article posted here links to the comments instead of the story?
Spash is one of the only ones I know (near National Park) and they do a horseshit job. There are a few Mr. Wash's around and they are garbage too. I'm interested to see what gets mentioned. 
There is a company that does detailing in the lower level of he columbia height's parking garage under target/best buy/bed-bath beyond. It's more money than a typical wash, but they do the best comprehensive wash I've found around here. $65 for a mid size suv detail.  
Billy's Auto Laundry in Bladensburg, just over the DC line into PG County. It's a DIY one where you can actually do a nice job if you've got enough quarters and time.
15 dollar hand car wash at the BP gas station off of Bladensburg Rd and 17th Street NE across from dennys. (Tip) bring your own quick spray wax and spray it on before he wipes down your car it will come out perfect. 

I use to go to a 10 dollar Hand car wash on Bladensburg Rd NE just down from the BP but they moved somewhere off of Bladensburg and North Dakota and I have been too lazy to track them down.
Flagship Carwash in Van Ness
New Hampshire Car Wash in Takoma Park.  It's not quick, but that's because they make love to your car with towels and cleaning products.  Trust me.  Your car will thank you.  
Com port to com port at 115kbps via null modem cable and SLIP.
So two weeks after I moved to DC I was writing for my crappy clickbait news writing job in a Starbucks and I turned to the guy next to me and told him I liked his photos. I explained I had a background in photojournalism and asked where he recommended freelancing since I moved in the hopes of getting back into it. He asked if I was looking for a job.

It turns out he was the photographer at another DC publication and his former colleague had been asked to head up an online lifestyle magazine and they were looking for a photographer who could write - in fact, that afternoon she'd texted this guy and asked if he knew anyone who could fit the bill.

I had an interview the next week and was hired shortly thereafter. I started my job as a photojournalist exactly two months after I moved to DC and helped launch the publication a month later. It's going swimmingly.

Edit: I've posted stuff from the site before, but [if anyone's interested](http://dcrefined.com/)
Are you asking for interesting connections people have made that happened in unusual ways?  I think networking is an off-putting word for meeting people and getting to know them and useful stuff happening as a result.
Using my throwaway for this. Hooked up with a guy from Scruff. Turns out we work in the same field and he gave me pointers for an upcoming interview. We are now good friends haha
you'll have to better define metrics for success here. I'd recommend Meetup, personally. 
Tim Russert's Funeral....
I work a retail job that sometimes involves helping people load stuff in their cars. When putting the product a customer bought in their car I noticed they had a whole bunch of emergency rescue gear in their car and they also had some bumper stickers about emergency rescue. I asked them about it, and they asked if I was an outdoorsy person, I said kind of, though I'm not really, and they went on to talk about volunteering for it and suggested looking into it. They gave me their card and it turns out they work for the state department in what seems to be a pretty cool position. I should try to follow up, but I probably won't. I think rescue work is valiant and I should maybe be interested, but I'm not, and I have a bunch of personal issues so committing to anything is hard for me.
Family friend got me a job. Never needed to network.
yes open - we were down there a weekend or two ago - go midday and they will for sure be open
The NYPL has a tool that lets you animate these things. E.g. I uploaded these two:

http://stereo.nypl.org/view/90488

http://stereo.nypl.org/share/90489
P Street Whole Foods sells 'em, as does [Georgetown Visitation Prep School](http://www.visi.org/calendars/item/index.aspx?linkid=692460&moduleid=76), and [St. Sophia's](http://www.saintsophiadc.com). 
We just got one yesterday from https://www.instagram.com/p/BNKw4C2jUnB/  It was actually a pretty good tree and they had stands too.

You could probably call 6th Engine tomorrow and see if it's still going on.
Ace hardware also has em
If you want more of a farm experience, check out Whitehall Farm in Clifton, VA.  

They have a farm market and offer tours of their facilities as well.  

https://www.whitehall.farm/home.html 
There's a large stand on Massachusetts Ave, just north of the Naval Observatory. Also another one in Glover Park usually set up across from the Russian Embassy.
Sixth engine in Chinatown always sells it out front. The proceeds go to fire fighters or something. 
There has not been near enough time to have any stats of significance yet. 
And also. .  .  . it's "affected" not "effected"
It has maybe been a year. I doubt it has changed much. I think crime has gone up since they decriminalized it initially but that has nothing to do with the weed. A lot of cities have seen a spike in violent crime nobody is sure why. 
Not exactly legal so I'd imagine it's raised it a little...but I doubt the statistical analysis is as easy as base logic (And, frankly, people put too much stock in that former shit). 
[deleted]
dat silver line smartrip
So shines a good deed in a weary world...
https://getyarn.io/yarn-clip/2fcb69b7-3a77-476a-b026-7648b6015a65
also lost my wallet on thanksgiving in meridian hill park. thanks again for returning it, kenny!
[3rd District Hoors](http://m.quickmeme.com/img/2e/2e8c62e118ae7514a143b4957d4d3475c6df4e43ec7e8bdf2c1748c4d52bd1f3.jpg)
Your submissions and that blog are easily my favorite part of being subscribed to this subreddit. Terrific history lessons each time.
Think of him whenever you are enjoying something from Green Hat Distillery! 
30 day TDY to miami would be my choice.
Drive, drive, drive!

But I did ride metro during previous OR/SV work near EFC and it wasn't too bad. If you have to travel during the busiest times though... 
I'm on Silver/Orange/Blue at Potomac Ave and usually hop on whichever train shows up first. Blue is still operating as usual but with Silver/Orange only every 20min, I'm sure that will impact everything. I'm going to see how it goes tomorrow and if it's bad, I'll probably just take the bus instead since I just need to go to L'Enfant.
If you're parking at Wiehle now, you might be able to park at Herndon - Monroe instead and take the 5A airport bus into Rosslyn or L'enfant. They are adding extra 5A buses during rush hour. 

(They really should lower the 7 dollar bus fare for this, but at least the parking at H-M is free. )

Extra bus schedule:
https://wmata.com/Images/Mrel/MF_Uploads/SafeTrack_Surge-11_5A.pdf?
Just kidding, FBI.

Well, if you don't like minorities, that's the place to go..
Doesn't the government provide the VP with a house?  Is Pence only going to live there for 2 months or is he just not going to live in the VP House?  
Let's do away with the intrigue: Mike Pence, future president, has rented..
Nuke it from space.

Edit: Lighten up, Francis.

Harris teeter has 2$/lb for chicken titties. Cheapest I've found. I go to the one in Columbia heights so I don't know if the same price at other stores. 
Trader Joes at $2.49/lb, antibiotic free

Sometimes Whole Foods is chill and does like $1.50/lb in family size
Costco has the best uniform pricing, for value...

The really cheap stuff is chinese melamine chicken.
Giant has them for $2.50/lb, however I think the chickens are given steroids or something because each breast is gigantic.  I'm talking like 1.5-2 lb each.
J Crew?  I don't think it's going to be super hot in Mexico where you'd need tropical attire.  They've got a great sale going right now, too -- 40% off.  
Order from any website with ShopRunner today - it should be delivered Wednesday.  There are plenty of options there. 
Amazon has same day delivery in DC, and for some items two hour delivery.
Which part of Mexico? It's not the same a wedding in Islas Mujeres than Tijuana, and both are warm places.
You might also consider buying clothes in Mexico. I just got some sweet wedding gear in Iraq the other day.
Vineyard Vines 
Probably Town or Cobalt?
Dan's Cafe
Dan's Cafe. I read a yelp review one time that said, "If I could summarize this place in one sentence it would be "White people making out.""
Dan's Cafe
Tinder.
Definitely Town
- cougars?

- white, college sluts?

- gogo girls?

- trannys?

Help us out, what's your target demographic?
Crew Club
Probably dupont or u. Adams morgan is runner up. 

I assume you mean in person. If we count online too many. 
Please inquire about their favorite area Thai restaurant 
It's too bad you won't get more than 5 upvotes for this.
jajajajajajaja
For those of you looking for cheap, unexciting but satisfying breakfasts, we still have Tony's Breakfast on H St NE, Pete's Diner right by the Capitol South Metro, and Jimmy T's on E Capitol and 5th SE. Lincoln's Waffles by Ford's Theater is decent as well. 
I've never come across anyone IRL who has been hostile about that question. This sub is the only place where I've ever seen people complain about it.

IMO, if your first assumption is that it's anything more than a simple question used to get to know you/make small talk, that says more about you than the person asking it. In the past year I have been to Tampa, Columbus, Cleveland, Savannah, San Diego, Dallas, New Orleans, NYC, Houston, Austin, Denver, and Phoenix. Every time I had a conversation with a stranger in all of those cities, people asked me what I did for work. It's literally just a question. I don't find that this sub, much like reddit in general, is very representative of much of DC's population.
Because they're secretly way more pretentious than the people they criticize about being pretentious.
Because they think they're too interesting to be asked about their boring day job.
I'm from the Midwest. When I went out back home, normally nobody talked about work. It seems like here; that's all anyone talks about. And it always seems to come with a sort of "what can you do for me" connotation to it. That unless you do something that can somehow benefit me in the long run, there's no point in me communicating with you.

I once met a girl who said straight up, that she doesn't talk to people who do I.T. work. Met a guy who refused to hang out with people who made less than six figures a year. 

I don't know if my experiences are the outlier or what but, I hate that the "what do you" question is typically the first thing you get asked when you meet someone. 
I think some of it is legacy of when DC was *so* much more about government and political work, and nothing else. So asking what do you do/who do you work for was either seen as a way for the questioner to bring up that they have a better job, or it was seen as a way for the questioner to weasel their way into getting you to help them get a better job.

It's not so much that people in other areas don't ask it, it's that when other people ask about you're job, they're simply wondering what you do. Here, since everyone was basically in interchangeable industries between government, politics, lobbying, contractors, there were some ulterior motives in those kinds of questions.
I moved here from the South (where it is also considered rude to ask this question, but for different reasons..) and I would ask this from people just out of genuine interest and wanting to, ya know, make a human connection. 

Their looks were generally appalled. 
Because we could tell you but then we'd have to kill you.

:-)

Seriously though, it may just be a desire not to reveal too much about themselves in case friends/foes/families/coworkers/bosses/exes are on the sub.


I just find it an insufferable topic to talk about "oh well this is what I do all week to make money" cool. What else makes you interesting? 
People in this city work a lot and commute to/from work a lot.  If you don't know what they do, it's likely they're not at work, so it's the very last thing they want to be talking about.
The same way that Kissinger and Albright were Secretaries of State. There's a difference between career civil servants and political appointees. 

The president is free to appoint anyone he wants that he feels would be able to do the job. They just aren't eligible in the presidential line of succession. 

*Farage is also not an appointee of any kind - he's just a guy attending meetings. Frum was a speechwriter; nothing particularly sensitive there.
Interestingly, foreign nationals can serve in our military. I had a friend who was from another country and here on visa who joined the forces. 
usually because the President takes the hit for them.
Where did you read the information such as civil servants must give up dual citizenship? If you don't have a clearance I don't think it's an issue. You can't (aren't supposed) work for a foreign government and US govt at same time.
So I come from a very tiny town but decided to attend college in DC. I absolutely love living here, and I'm definitely looking to stay in the area after graduation. 

DC is definitely pricey, but that also depends on the area you're living in. 

Don't keep a car if you're living in DC proper. The metro and the bus system, while imperfect, will get you pretty much anywhere you need to go. It's also not hard to walk, though obviously I'd be careful about wandering alone late at night. 

On a college campus, people are super friendly. Random strangers, however, are generally indifferent to your existence. They won't be mean (unless it's rush hour during metro), but they won't go out of their way to be nice either. If you're nice to them, they'll usually respond positively. 

Tourists congregate near the mall. It's not that bad if you stay out of that area during tourist season and visit the museums and monuments in cold weather. 

Not too nervous about terror attacks, but that could be just me. I try not to worry about things that are out of my control, and the likelihood is small anyway.

One thing that hasn't been mentioned, and which I consider a huge advantage, is the food. I was a super cautious eater before coming here - I hadn't even tried guacamole - and (with the help of some more adventurous friends) I've really come out of my shell in that regard. There are a lot of really incredible places to eat, both everyday greasy spoons and once-every-year-or-so splurges. 

Overall, I think living in DC is a fantastic experience. I have grown so much personally during my four years here, and I attribute this to my school and my city. I would definitely recommend you come here and give it a shot! Regardless, good luck in your decision making. :)
I think you will find that people you pass on the street don't say hi, which is the social norm, but anyone that you make an effort to be friendly to will be friendly back. Traffic and parking suck, so if you could stash your car somewhere temporarily that might be smart. Also, you don't HAVE to live in dc itself but then the commute is a factor (and I hope you're aware of the health of the Metro currently). I think your fears about crime are a little overblown, but you should take common sense precautions anywhere you move to.

All that being said, your quality of life is directly related to how you choose to interact with your environment no matter where you live. DC has fun people, things to do (free museums!), and presumably the grad program would introduce you to a bunch of like-minded people. Plus, it's temporary. Don't let your fears about DC make this decision for you- if the program is right for you, do it. If these fears are your subconscious telling you that it's not the right time or the right place, try to ferret that out.
> it looks like Trinidad may have some reasonable places

Oh my sweet summer child.
You'll get a lot of snarky, rude comments on r/washingtondc (as you've already seen) because people don't generally like responding to newcomer questions for whatever reason.  This doesn't reflect how people act off the internet here, it's very easy to meet people / build relationships.

To address some of your other questions:

* DC is expensive, but that is mostly reflected in housing costs.  Other expenses, while maybe slightly greater than other areas, aren't bad.  Inexpensive entertainment is easily found if you avoid going to some of the newer, trendier spots.  Housing costs can be mitigated by living with others and/or renting in older buildings / from private landlords.
* Crime isn't bad compared to other large US cities.  Violent crime is mostly directed toward those involved with other nefarious activities.  No one on this subreddit or in other places can offer true insight into the probability of a terrorist attack, and if they can they won't be offering it publicly.  DC is obviously heavily guarded.
* Tourist season brings in lots of families that can get in the way on public transit and can be mildly annoying, but it comes with the territory and most people just treat others with respect.  We're all tourists somewhere at some point.
* There isn't really any political unrest.  There are many protests / demonstrations but they aren't dangerous if that's what you're alluding to.  The police department (MPD) is very experienced in managing these events in a peaceful manner.

Overall, DC offers a great quality of life if you can manage financially.  It shouldn't be that difficult if your lifestyle isn't geared toward expensive things.  There are many people here (e.g. students, interns, hill workers) that make ends meet with relatively little.  If you really like the program, I'd say go for it - DC is a fantastic city that offers things you'll find nowhere else in the US.
While I'm not familiar with the midwest, I just moved to DC from Philly 2 months ago. I do miss Philly as it was my favorite place that I've lived, but I really do like living in DC. My thoughts:

- Yes, DC is more expensive but you can cut down costs by living in a group housing situation. I did not want to live with roommates and I have dogs so obviously my situation is more expensive than someone coming for school.

- I do keep a car even though I rarely use it. I live in SE Capitol Hill and parking is not an issue at all. My car is paid off and both insurance and parking are cheaper here than Philly so it made sense to just keep it.

- I'm always surprised when people say DC is an unfriendly city... I have had the complete opposite experience. I don't know if it's because I'm outgoing in general or what, but I'm always greeted by people while passing on the street. I have no issues making friends when I go to bars by myself. Especially coming from Philly, I find DC to be very welcoming in general.

- I'm a single female and have never felt unsafe in my neighborhood or pretty much anywhere in DC but I am also city savvy. 

DC is very easy to get around and even though Metro has its issues, I actually think Metro is awesome especially when compared to the awful public transit I was used to in Philly. I think coming for grad school would be a great way to check out DC as it's just a few years. If you love it, you can stay... and if you hate it, you can go elsewhere after school.
OP, I'm from St. Louis and moved to DC for five years (including grad school) and just moved back to STL this last May. I can say definitively your fears are unfounded and DC is an amazing place to live, especially if you are young and energetic. The most important thing, is to live/work/and go to school *in DC itself* if it is at all possible. There are awesome parts of the DC burbs like Old Town Alexandria, but traffic and metro issues will bring you down. 

To your questions - Yes it is expensive in DC, no way around that. This is almost entirely related to housing though. Maybe you can get a good deal through your school or get roommates to mitigate the cost so it's barely more than STL. Otherwise, yeah expect to pay ~$1500/month for a studio. No, don't bring a car to DC it's not worth it. My wife and I had one but she worked a lot of call so we needed it for that. Otherwise it collected dust. I always took the bus to get around the city and it is cheap, generally efficient, and on-time. It is actually very easy to make friends in DC because you will meet people from all over looking to expand their social circles (as opposed to STL where social circles formed back in Kindergarten). Tourist season is a shitshow but mostly confined to the national mall and other landmarks, but Cherry Blossom season is the worst. On terrorism and mass shootings, I never had a serious concern about that, but it is something to think about. Then again, I have worked in federal buildings in STL where I felt the same way (remember OKC??).

Quality of life in DC is overall very good. You will have access to some of the best institutions and cultural events in the world. You can get anywhere without needing a car. Food and drink scene constantly getting better. Unlike STL, there are huge swaths of urban areas where random violence is extremely uncommon (basically all of upper NW). In Cleveland Park, where I used to live, you could walk your dog at 2am and feel fairly comfortable. And still have a ton of places to walk to nearby. The mid-Atlantic is a very nice region with many day-trip or longer destinations you will want to check out including Shenandoah NP, Baltimore, Ocean City, Rehobeth, and even up to Philly and NYC. 

Where DC falls short is options for families with kids. We want to start a family and had no desire to spend a small fortune to buy a house in the outer burbs, so we can back to STL. Like you, I actually really like St. Louis too so we are happy, but DC is amazing and I think you will love your time there.
Well yes, rent is higher than if you go to school in a college town, but that's more a budgetary issue than anything else, and something you'll have to weigh out against your financial offer and the strengths and weaknesses of the program.

I don't think most of your other concerns are much of a cause for worry. The car thing is just another budgetary thing. Lots of people keep their cars, but lots of people also live without cars very happily. I see that as a perk of city living, not a downside.

People aren't specifically unfriendly here, it just seems normal. Besides, most of the friendships you'll make will probably be with other grad students, which is nice, as you'll have a built in pool of friends. And yes, a lot of them will probably leave once you're done grad school, but that's a normal thing for grad students anywhere.

If you stay out of the Smithsonian/Mall/Capitol block it really doesn't feel that much like a tourist destination. As a grad student, I can't imagine why you'd be there much. And there honestly isn't much political unrest in the city, unless you're referring to the demonstrations, which again can easily be avoided if you stay out of the Capitol/Mall/White House area.

And random shootings aren't any real reason for concern here - certainly not any more of a concern than they'd be in St. Louis. 
>How expensive is it really? (it looks like Trinidad may have some reasonable places).

Expensive.  I just went home to Texas and felt like I was ripping people off the entire time. But because you don't need a car and because salaries are higher, it balances out.  Of course, if you're a grad student that second part may not help you much.

>Do you keep a car?

No.  It is cheaper for me to Uber/rent a car when I need one than to keep one.

>Is it easy to make friends and are strangers friendly? 

Not really, but you'll be in grad school and you'll probably make friends in your program.  As for if strangers are friendly, look at [this map](http://www.creativeclass.com/_v3/whos_your_city/maps/#Personality_Maps).  See how DC is nowhere near the extroverted zone?  But you get used to keeping to yourself.

>What is it like during tourist season?

If you don't go to the Mall, you barely notice.  But definitely go to the Mall between Thanksgiving and Christmas, you'll have the place to yourself. 

>Are you nervous about political unrest or random shootings, like mass shootings?

No. I'm more annoyed by protests (they always seem to go through my commute), and mass shootings are rare to the point of non-existence.  Crime is a problem (especially if you're in Trinidad), but if you stay aware of your surroundings, you'll do fine.
I'm also from the midwest, Michigan. I love living in DC, I don't know how I could go back to the midwest after this, it really would be a complete lifestyle change.

Yes, DC is expensive. I pay $1400 for a fairly large studio apartment in Dupont, but I got lucky. I've looked around to see if I can find a better deal somewhere, and you really can't get a better deal. The fact that I don't have a car really offsets those costs. The city is highly walkable, and anything not within walking distance is usually accessible by bus or (if you must) metro. The *only* way, aside from luck, to save money on housing is to get roommates, or to live in a really shady part of town.

Everything is more expensive. Groceries to start. Where I would spend $80 at Meijer for month's worth of groceries back in Michigan, I can barely get away with spending that much on groceries for one week in DC. I was used to being able to spend at most $15 or $20 for a great meal in Michigan, whereas here in DC there are a ton of places where that's where the price of appetizers or small plates start. You'll have a harder time finding GREAT food at a sit down restaurant at a low price in DC, it's one thing I still haven't gotten used to.

People will suggest you look for a place in Maryland or Virginia to save some money. Don't listen to them. Anything near the metro is going to be as expensive as it would be in the city, and anything not near the metro is going to require you to keep a car, so you'll end up spending as much if not more money. Yeah, you'll probably get more for your money in the suburbs. A little more space, maybe a pool or gym in the building, free coffee in the lobby. But you'll need to ask yourself if it's worth losing out on the city lifestyle. I enjoy being able to just walk a few blocks to meet a friend for a couple of drinks. I spent my first year here in Maryland, and I couldn't just go out for a drink. If I didn't time the metro right, it could take me at least an hour to get somewhere in the city. Everything had to be planned, and a night out was a night out.

I have a friend that lives in Pentagon City. He loves that he has a nice spacious one bedroom with a great pool, sauna, and gym in the building. But he also complains that none of his friends ever want to visit him out there, which he thinks is ridiculous since DC is *right* there. I pointed out to him once that it took me 1 hour to get to his place that night. As the crow flies, yeah, it's close. But dealing with the metro, it's a lot further. It's just plain easier for him to come meet everybody in the city, than for everyone to make the trek out there. And plus, there is nothing to do out there. He is surrounded by chain restaurants and stores. So when we go out there, it's just to hang out at his place.

Basically, suburban life is the same everywhere. The suburban life in St Louis is no different than it is in the DC suburbs.

As for crime, DC is safer than St Louis. But you're probably not affected by it as much as you're in your car all the time. Walking around in DC, you just need to be more aware of your surroundings. It's probably not the best idea to be wearing headphones while walking through a bad neighborhood at night. I've been mugged twice here, but both times were in nicer neighborhoods.

Tourists *are* annoying, mostly in the fact that they like to take up the entire length of the sidewalk, and they like to try and take the subway for the first time in their lives right at the peak of rush hour, and get caught up at the turnstiles, or park their huge stroller right by the door and refuse to move it. These days they *aren't* just concentrated by the mall like other posters have said, they have gotten more adventurous, and are found anywhere ranging from downtown, 14th Street, U Street, and up to Woodley Park. They start coming in the spring with school groups, and really only stop for the most part when kids go back to school in September. You just have to learn to deal with these minor inconveniences.

I frankly am worried about political unrest. I am definitely going to try and get out of the city during the inauguration. Things are already ugly here. I have a gay friend who was on his lunch break when a guy driving by in his car slowed down and shouted at him, "Go Trump, faggot!" I fully expect *a lot* of these incidents inauguration weekend.

Making friends has been mostly easy. You'll be in grad school, so you'll have an established base there. But don't limit yourself to grad school friends. You'll need to have friends outside of school to help ground you. Social scenes in grad schools can get kind of weird when in the thick of things. There are plenty of social groups, like adult kickball, that you can join to meet other people.

The biggest challenge has frankly been cultural differences between the midwest and the south. A lot of southerners will tell you that DC is NOT the south, but to a Michigan guy like me, it certainly feels pretty southern, and there are *a lot* of southerners here. There are some things that southerners view as polite and just good manners, that midwesterners would view as fake or weird. It took me some time to really get used to that, and understand.
Rural Midwesterner who lived in DC for two years 2013-2015). I loved it. Lived in Mount Pleasant, loved my neighborhood, the history, the mix of young, highly educated people and immigrants. Incredible time there.  

We kept a car, but I had a reverse commute to Maryland. A lot of people get by on Uber, metro, or Zipcar type options. 

Crime can be an issue as in any city, so take normal precautions of living in a city and know where you're going. 

Definitely do your research on the neighborhoods. Gentrification is happening in a lot of places, but the boundaries of relatively safe to sketchy areas may be defined by a block or two. Any neighborhood may experience some crime, though.  

The greatest part about DC is the people.  Most people are transplants, and a lot of people are in temporary programs like you. If you're in a program, I think it will be easy to make friends. Give it a chance, it's not for everyone, but I would move back in a heartbeat. 
Live in actual DC. Don't bring a car, the only times I've really wanted one was to get out of town and I usually have friends with cars available or rent a car for a day. I've never been worried about mass shootings or any shootings. It's expensive but also worth it. I live in NE, you will have no issues finding a reasonably kept group house for not too much money. MOVE HERE! :)
I love it here. Do your research. Don't listen to the haters. 
DC is fucking lit and I am so happy I live here. Capital Hill/Politics is a present but minor part of daily life for the average person. Its everything else DC has to offer that makes it great. 
I spent 20 years in Missouri (STL 2 yo through 18 yo; Columbia 18 yo through 22 yo) so I feel fairly qualified to answer this question in a way that's relevant to you. I moved to DC right after undergrad. I only lived in DC for two years (now in Pittsburgh), so many other comments may be more accurate, but I'll give it my best.

Starting with your main stated concerns through the lens of a St. Louisan, which seem to be: affordability, transportation, meeting people, tourists, political unrest/violence...

1) Affordability. Yes, STL is far far far more affordable than DC. In STL, you can get a 1 bedroom apartment in CWE for <$800. The equivalent neighborhoods in DC will be closer to $1600 to $2000 for a 1 bedroom. HOWEVER, that being said, there can be tremendous variability in housing costs. Having never set foot in DC before moving there, I found the most important things were to: (a) get a solid, yet flexible idea of where you want to live, and (b) stalk the shit out of Craigslist, Walkscore, and other sites with listings. The former point is important because you will be inefficient if you try to search the whole city continuously, so you need to just narrow it down to three or four neighborhoods. Once you do that, check listings daily. The ridiculously good rents can get snatched up in hours. Anecdotally, I was able to find a 2 bedroom in Adams Morgan for $935/person, utilities included, which was a pretty damn good deal, by looking for stuff every single day for over a month. I also had a friend at 14/S who lived in a group house for less than $600/month, which is an absurdly cheap price for that location. So yes, DC is certainly more expensive, but if you are proactive you may have a chance of finding some good deals.

2) The necessity/practicality of a car is highly variable depending on where you live and where you work. I lived in both Adams Morgan and Logan Circle and commuted to Bethesda for work via Metro. Never had a car in DC and I'm glad I didn't. Note that while metro certainly has its issues, people tend to be vocal only when it has problems, so things aren't always as bad as people make them seem to be. Don't make the mistake of comparing DC's public transit to St. Louis's. I would never think of relying on STL public transit to get me around, but DC's was great for me.

3) The day to day interactions with strangers are different than in Missouri. People don't make as much small talk or randomly smile as often. It's not to say they're not friendly, but people keep to themselves to a degree. That being said, DC seems to be one of the friendlier cities on the east coast. As far as making friends, it depends on your situation. If you're starting with a blank slate, like any other city, it will take time to build a social circle. You just have to get involved with things, be willing to meet new people and try new things, and things will generally come together eventually. I think most people moving to a new city on their own (myself included) will have a period of remorse after a few months where they feel lonely, and often falsely convince themselves that the city itself is the problem. It's normal to go through that, and it happens to people in every city. But you have to push through and things will improve. 

4) Tourist season depends on where you live/work. Places closer to tourist attractions will be more annoying than others. 

5) Crime is like any other city--there are areas ranging from bad to good. Just like East St. Louis isn't an accurate representation of crime in the St. Louis area, the dicier parts of the city (particularly in Southeast) are not representative of the city as a whole. If I was in your shoes picking a neighborhood, I would probably avoid Trinidad. That's not to say it's a totally bad place people shouldn't live, but for a Missourian moving to a large urban environment for the first time it's probably not the best choice. 

Overall, I would strongly advocate moving to DC from St. Louis. Stepping outside your comfort zone is a tremendous opportunity for growth. Going from my 98% white neighborhood in West County to DC was an eye opening experience that forever changed me. I think you will find that the experiences of living in a diverse, global, very cosmopolitan city will far outweigh some of the baggage that comes with a big city.

Edit after reading some of your comments:
Yes, DC is a terrorist target. However, you're also at risk of dying from a tornado while you're in Missouri. Just like we don't think about tornados every day in Missouri, people don't think about terrorist attacks daily in DC. The odds of being affected are statistically incredibly small and are not something I think you should even consider. You're far far far far far more likely to die during your drive from STL to DC than from a terrorist attack while living in DC.

As I previously mentioned, overall, people in DC are generally friendly. However, you absolutely will get variations of people asking you about Missouri, ranging from harmless yet dumb questions like "where exactly is Missouri?" to more derogatory things like "what's it like being from a flyover state?" and "how many cows do you have?", etc. etc. etc. For the most part it's some combination of curiosity, lack of knowledge, and the east coast's generally colder sense of humor--most people aren't trying to be malicious, and it should not be interpreted as such. Just like people on the east coast don't know much about Missouri, I didn't know a damn thing about any state north of New York when I moved to DC. So try not to be too sensitive about the Missouri comments you will inevitably get. I made that mistake in the beginning before realizing most people weren't trying to be condescending. 

Furthermore, I'm not sure of your background, but you may run into some degree of elitism that doesn't really exist in Missouri outside of Ladue or Huntleigh. I got talked down to a few times for having gone to an average state school (Mizzou), a public high school, and not "summering" somewhere like the Hamptons or Martha's Vineyard. There were also several conversations that stopped short when people realized I couldn't advance their career since I wasn't working in politics. Those things are very very rare, but something to be aware of so it doesn't shock you if you ever encounter it. 

As you have already encountered in this thread, some people in DC (like any other city) are just fucking pricks. I generally got along best with DC natives, midwestern or southern transplants (in or outside politics), and coastal natives not working in politics. The combination of someone being from the west coast or the northeast plus working in politics or something related tended to correlate with increased pretension and narrowed worldview, in my experience.

Last edit for something I didn't appreciate until I left DC:
DC is a fucking great city to live in if you travel much. Having metro-accessible DCA plus two other major airports in the region (IAD and BWI) is amazing. DCA has several reasonably priced flights to pretty much any major city in the country every day. Most relevant to you, I think Southwest has like 3 or 4 directs to STL and 5 or 6 directs to MDW every day, which was great. Now in Pittsburgh, I can only get one or two direct flight options per day to most cities at inconvenient times for a fairly high price. It sucks.
Go to grad school where you want to. It's only a few years and not that big of a deal. Most of the people you know will be in school anyways so a lot of this is irrelevant. 

Yes DC is more expensive than St. Louis, no it's not more dangerous, and no it's not unfriendly. 
I'm a Midwest transplant! I grew up in Ohio, lived in DC for about 4 years, then moved to Minneapolis this past summer.

I *loved* DC. I think it's the perfect city when you're in your 20s and starting your career. There's so much diversity, it's so walkable, there are so many things to see and do, and the city itself is really beautiful.

We moved back to the Midwest because of housing prices, and because the older crowd in DC seems to be a bit elitist and pretentious. We want our kids to grow up in a slower-paced, more family-oriented community.

No regrets, either way. DC was the perfect place when we were starting out, and Minneapolis seems to be the perfect place for putting down roots.
I was born in DC and grew up in the burbs so my perspective is different but: DC is real boring (the expense of everything makes it difficult for creative types to live in the city...) and I hate it and I can't wait to leave.

>Are you nervous about political unrest or random shootings, like mass shootings?

Lol no. I'd say there's less chances for political unrest here since the population tends to be more well to do and educated and therefore have more to lose in a violent uprising. There's also more security checks.
I'm not from the Midwest but I am originally from Texas (DFW area). I love living here, have lived here for 8 years and have no plans to move out of the area ever again. It is an expensive place to live, especially compared to places like where we are from, but it's entirely possible to live well. You may have to have a roommate but if you really do some hunting, you can find a good deal. 

Tourists are annoying. You get used to them. They are not a problem that is unique to DC, but you have to accept that they are a part of life here. 

Having a car if you are living right in the city tends to be more costly than what's necessary. When you factor in insurance, car payment (if it isn't already fully paid for), gas, maintenance, and parking, you realize that it can be a major expense. I find that I never need a car, and on the rare occasions where I do, I can easily use zipcar/other rental services or task rabbit. 

I don't think strangers are particularly *unfriendly* - people don't really wave at random people here like they do back in my hometown, and people don't start small talk as much, so if that's your idea of friendly then no, people here aren't really like that. But I have found it pretty easy to make friends and that most people are pretty nice. Like when I first moved here and wasn't sure of where things were in the city, I'd ask a random person and they'd always be nice and give me directions. I know my neighbors in my building and I rarely encounter rude people. 

If you are from St. Louis, you should be able to handle things like crime/political unrest here in DC. Crime exists but for the most part, if you use common sense, you should be fine. Yes, you could still be a victim of a random violent crime. But I don't think it's anything you need to worry about very much. A terrorist attack is pretty unlikely and nothing I would spend time stressing about. 

DC and the area in general has a lot to offer. You can have a great quality of life here and enjoy it.
Im from St Louis and wouod never EVER move back. There is nothing to do there. My family lives near Wash U and when i was younger i was always in CWE. I now live in Capitol Hill which has the feel of CWE, The Loop and Soulard Market wrapped in one. I love DC and have lived in 6 diff states in my adult life and this is the one i like the most. If i move out of DC it will be to another country. I make great money and live a very comfy lifestyle. Id be bored to tears in Stl.
Many, many thanks to everyone who took the time to comment on my post! I am feeling a lot better about everything! I will take the time to respond to all of you soon, but again thank you so so much! And I really do apologize if I came across as ignorant or rude about the city, it's more my nerves about leaving home than anything else! But really, (almost) all these answers are insightful and helpful. 
Midwest transplant here.

As stated before, you will likely not enjoy Trinidad unless you lived in the worst neighborhoods in St. Louis.

People are always seemingly in a hurry. You will feel like you are always in someone's way. You'll get used to this. Walk left, stand right on the escalators, and you probably won't get yelled at.

People aren't as friendly as you are likely used to, at least outwardly to strangers. You'll learn that midwesterners are more polite than they are nice.

There is a lot of crime, but it's likely that you will only hear about it and never experience it. 

The staffers congregate together a lot of the time. DC is extremely liberal. Likely more liberal than you are used to. You will probably end up more liberal as a result. The political stuff likely won't affect you other than you will hear about it a lot. People love to talk about work here. It isn't bad, but you might find it annoying. Also, everyone here thinks what they do is the most important thing anyone could ever do.

I don't have a car, but the metro often makes me late to work. Fortunately I have a job where this doesn't get me fired. 

Tourist season wont impact you much if you don't spend much time at the national mall. You won't.

You will see and be around a lot of protests that won't do anything but occasionally make you late somewhere. Some of them are really weird. Some people more or less permanently camp out by the White House or other areas.

Edit: I honestly enjoy DC most of the time.
I moved here from Chicago.. My quality of life halved even as my income doubled, but it's an interesting town.

Lots of museums, lots of lectures.

Develope a support network, most of the city is full of two legged predators.
If you are concerned about safety just live in upper NW and not one of the areas that is being gentrified. I'm honestly fairly concerned about unrest in a city that has half it's population that is black and being pushed out be gentrification.

That being said the city has been through far, far, worse during race riots in the 60s and the crack epidemic of the 80s and 90s. It's still standing and plenty of people lived through it.


I used to live in DC, it's OK.  I feel like people who live there and say it is amazing/fun haven't been to many other cities.  I live in Denver now, and I feel it is way better in most aspects.

Pros:
*Good and Free Museums
*Monuments
*Great dining
*Unique and Diverse
*Great history/landmarks

Cons:
*EXPENSIVE af
*TRAFFIC/Congestion
*People, this is subjective, but I found people in DC to be self-absorbed and money/power hungry.  The first thing people will ask you is "so, what do you do?" and I found it was mainly so they could posture themselves and act like they are better than you.
*Nightlife is lacking compared to other cities.
*Boring in general
*Crime
Im a student at AU, originally from MN. So far enjoying DC very much
I came from Wisconsin, where I was paying 525 for a one bedroom with a parking spot. Now I am in a basement unit with my own bathroom for 1k a month. I used to park and walk in Trinidad twice a week until they forced me to register my car. From what I can tell, houses are being bought and remodeled. It still isn't the safest neighborhood, but if you are used to living in the city, it's not bad. There are a lot of apartments going up in the area and I am sure it will drive some prices on house units down. 

I live in the neighborhood north of H street and feel no different then living in Milwaukee. That being said, I am looking to move northward to something more affordable in the spring. My biggest recommendation, is to avoid having a car. It is not worth it unless you are constantly moving stuff or have a pet that you must be able to bring places.
Pretty much agree with everything already said, but I'll chime in on owning a car. I do have one, and to me the convenience of having it outweighs the drawbacks. HOWEVER, I am 10 years older than you and use it to visit people all over the region, manage heavy grocery trips, go to work at off hours, etc. 

If you do choose to keep your car, I recommend doing it under the following circumstances: 

* Become a DC resident and get DC plates. If you live in a rowhouse or small apartment building, this will qualify you for an extremely cheap street parking pass ($35/year). If you live in a big high rise, you will NOT qualify for the pass and will need to rent a (typically very expensive) spot from your building.
* Don't drive anything particularly new or pretty. The car will get scratched, dented, and tapped constantly. My scratched to hell, 10 year old Ford serves me just fine; pretty cars only attract attention anyway.
* Keep the car clean. Keep the interior spotless. I'm serious. I live by the policy of "the only visible object in your car should be a club" and while I've lost a few mirrors and hubcaps over the years, I've never had a car broken into or stolen. 
* If your car is a stick shift, that's probably the single biggest theft deterrent out there. Highly recommended if you know how to drive one.
* Gas tends to be cheaper in Virginia than DC, but there are websites you can check to make sure before you actually drive out there.
* Don't drive on fumes; you never know when you'll get into a horrendous traffic jam miles from the nearest gas station.
* Practice your parallel parking skills. You'll need them. 
* READ THE SIGNS. Parking restrictions here are.... labyrinthine. Street sweeping and rush hour restrictions are the most common. 
* Respect the speed limit and red lights, especially when you see yellow "Photo Enforced" signs around. It's rare that a cop will pull you over in DC, but speeding and red light cameras are everywhere, and the tickets are very expensive ($150 for red lights).

I love having a car here, but it's not for everyone, and you will blow a certain amount of money on maintenance, gas, and parking tickets to keep it up. Be sensible, read the signs, allot a little extra money to your car budget for unforeseen expenses, and you should be fine :)

EDIT: I just read that you're coming from St. Louis. Safety-wise, you should be fairly well-prepared already, St. Louis definitely has its rough parts!
I'm originally from Milwaukee, WI. I lived in DC for four years prior to moving out to the SF Bay Area 2 years ago. I absolutely loved DC. I highly recommend it. 


The whole city is practically a park. It's full of huge open stretches of green space. The museums and stuff are cool and free. And, I never thought I would give a shit about this, but the cherry blossoms are super cool. Honestly, it's amazing. 

There's a good food scene there and cool nightlife spots. It's all pretty accessible without a car. I had a car, but my preferred mode of travel in DC is a skateboard. 

Crime was never a problem for me. I was living next to the navy yard when the shooting happened there. That kind of sucked, but I never personally felt unsafe. There's only a couple pockets left of the old DC of the 80s left. 

I liked the tourist activity. Personally, I found it cool to be part of a place that people wanted to go. I also liked the buzz of the politics. Bars in DC are super cool places to go during a presidential debate. 

I made some of the best friends of my life there. We've all moved away all over the world, but keep in touch and visit. I feel like there's something about the city that brings people together. Out here in SF, it's different. Everyone is super busy all the time, rushing around. In DC, people who commute from VA or MD are in that rush all the time. Washingtonians seem to have time to relax and smell the flowers. 
No but it is a good experience for a few years. I love cars and want to achieve FI so this area doesn't really facilitate either of those goals. I always feel somewhat safe but I've taken basic steps to prep for a terrorist attack etc. 
Yes I do
Meh
You live in a blighted, crime-ridden city in bumfuck, MO and you're "terrified" to move to DC? Really? You'll be fine here. All the political unrest you refer to just makes a normally vanilla place bit more exciting.

That said, rent is expensive but I made it as a grad student making only about 36k/year for a few years. Just hustle really hard and look for group housing on Craigslist. 

Edit: making friends is very easy (esp in a group housing scenario), DC is highly walkable and feels safe (I'm a 5'3 115lb woman and I never feel nervous, but I carry pepper spray), the city has a vibrant and growing restaurant scene, amazing arts and culture, and lots of greenery and pretty running trails if that's your thing. Srsly, DC will be a huge upgrade for you. 
can you do your program for free? Tuition waived etc?

Because if you're paying tuition and rent on student loans you're setting your self up for a long slog of a future.

I'm a rarity here because I do not like DC very much at all. the museums are nice to have around, but you'll never go to them.
It better than Atlanta I guess but inferior to Philly, Chicago, NYC, Boston etc.
Don't do it
Disclaimer: I never lived in the district. Bearing that in mind, I have lived in the DC area my entire life. 

I used to hate it and wanted to leave as soon as I could. I hated the traffic, the physical geography and weather, the beltway bandits, the government and its beaurocratic influences on EVERYTHING. 

But, it's really changed. I love being able to see hockey games at the Verizon center, stunning theater at the Kennedy Center, all of the entertainment that stops here between  on its east coast route. I love the endless supply of museums and culture. 

The thing about that. I love the blend of cultures. I'm not experienced with other cities but, save NYC, I'd have to say DC is probably one of the most diverse in the USA. Everyone from various African nations, European nations, Middle Eastern, and Asian nations. And they may have lived here for years or just immigrated but they bring their own spice to the table and most importantly - their own food. Such good food! What really makes me hesitant about leaving is whether I'd be able to find such a diverse and authentic range of food anywhere else. 

As for crime, look up historical poverty and crime maps. I've never once heard a gun shot while living here or being downtown. But I'm not exactly strolling SE DC. 

If you don't expect to leave the metro area, I probably wouldn't bother with a car. Realistically, you can get where you want by metro, bus, or whatever they call the city bike program. Driving in the city makes for a short trip to the asylum. 

If you do bring a car, look into getting a flex ez pass. We have HOV 3 but you can also use those lanes if you pay a fee (which varies based on traffic, time of day, current corruption levels) and you need the pass to get on those lanes at all. 

What's cool about a car is that it's the east coast and everything exciting is a (relatively) short car trip away. There are busses too of course. 

Overall, DC really is a good city. The crime isn't high, homelessness is on the rise but they mostly don't bother you. People come here to tour but if you're a student or working 9-5 you won't cross paths with them much unless you hit the mall on a weekday. Sometimes there are big events like any city and we bunker down like any other city. 

What is nice is the economic stability that comes with everybody having a gov job. You know, as long as Congress can pass a budget.  

Oh, and I meant to note. It IS the nations capitol. Military bases? Everywhere. Armed guards? Plenty. Don't be surprised to see them. You get used to it. It's not like a police state or anything, but from comments I hear from tourists, it's odd to them. 
I'm pretty sure it's a security related reason since they're all major federal buildings. I can understand that. 
How do they generate these? Is it a mesh of flyover data? Or local drive by scans? Because I could see the Feds restricting it. Is the Pentagon modeled? 
It's also restricted airspace. Nothing's revealed here that one violating the airspace might see.
Are you doing any interesting HITS?
The fact that the rest of DC is 3D is actually relatively new: http://greatergreaterwashington.org/post/33069/google-maps-gives-dc-the-3d-treatment/
Now, if Apple could actually *start* on 3D maps for the region.
I think it's the building on park Lane no?
That's amusing.  The buildings on the east side of 18th are squashed in a way that makes for a view of my office building on the west side of 18th that would otherwise be impossible.
As a person who has been drunk lost before...yea, that shit sucks.
He'll be ok. He's not breaking any laws (I assume) so as long as he doesn't get violent the worst that happens is a cop sees him and helps him out. Good on you to help him get home though. 
Yeah but how does he feel about Dan's Cafe when the metro is on fire causing a problem for the conductor  because of gentrifying youths terrorizing the metro? And when can we expect a popville post on this? 
>ROLL BACK THE CLOCKS MOD

[You're not the boss of me.](http://i.imgur.com/VXPIOkM.gif)
He is great but I had a bit of an issue with him in like 2004 that to me was a big fuck up but whatever, that was 12 years ago. Since then, I've been going to Kim's Custom out by Navy Yard. But since I'm back in NW and I'm lazy and it's been 12 years, I have two Combatent Gent suits I bought on sale that I need fixed up. I'll give ole Chris another try.
How expensive we talking?
I am Dr. Battle and I own and am very proud of my company Cultura.  When I became a dermatologist most treatments, including laser treatment were not available for skin of color.  I spent 3+ years at Harvard helping to pioneer laser treatments that are safe for all skin colors, regardless of ethnicity.  Our center is world renowned and respected for its ability to treat all cultures safely.  If my add doesn't easily show that then I will review it carefully.  Cultura is a very special place and I recommend you look at our website to get a better feeling (culturamed.com).  Cultura in Latin and Spanish means Culture because research has shown that it's our skin's culture (DNA) and not our skin color that determines how our skin reacts.  In the near future we are going to offer our patients the ability to test their skin DNA and tailor their products and procedures based on their own individual uniqueness.  
It's the white woman getting the treatment, which supports the old adage that black don't crack.
PHRASING. I get what they're saying and it's great that they recognize different needs for different types of skin, but... damn guys.
You guys are digging way too hard into this 
Minority here and I am not offended. Black skin stays beautiful longer due to melamine.
poc here. not offended.
This is biology, not racism. You're overreacting. It's just like a sexist digging into things about "equal treatment." People have different biological makeup. 

For a very obvious example, black folks have different hair than white people. 
I'm offended and will never use this charlatan's services!! 

I could see some people have a problem with it but I'm not offended by it at all. It's skin and not rewinding *Brown v Board of Education*.

If someone doesn't want to read past the tagline then that's on them they won't put in an extra sentence of effort but if I were a darker skinned individual and I put in that extra sentence of effort, I'd look into it because it's harder to get dermatological treatments for people of high pigmentation. Professionals which can effectively address concerns are much harder to find.
The point is fine, but yeah the execution could have been better. It's sort of like those Metro maintenance ads from a few years ago that came off sexist, but the underlying point of "we are doing shit, you just don't give a shit" was valid. I guess the difference is, skin color really does make a difference in laser treatments, but Metro apparently wasn't doing all that much shit.

^(/r/washingtondc: Where, somehow, someone makes every thread about Metro sucking :p)
Are you asking if they could have used a better skin-tag line?
Tldr the ad is funny and OP is the reason Donald Trump got elected.
We all get [ASHY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UbLjOxlGYqA)!
Jesus Christ in a green hat! 
Anyone want to help organize a protest? 
[deleted]
In this city, the rooftop will definitely get vandalized within the first year of  street parking. I guarantee it.    
I think your friends are right. :(

Have you talked to your insurer about how much a policy on a ragtop vs a hardtop would be?
So the consensus is that they are correct, I will assuredly get my roof slashed if I street park the convertible. Thanks for the input, I suppose I will have to budget in a parking space if I want to get the car. It's a pretty sweet car, but may be more hassle than it's worth.
This is a bad idea unless you have a garage to park it in at home (and at work, if you drive there).
Look into a hard top vert.
I own a soft top Miata, street park it and have had no problems in the past two years since I bought the car. Granted, I live in upper northwest - your location will probably matter.

I've heard the same general advice as you've gotten here - leave the car door unlocked as a deterrent from having to cut into your roof. Leave nothing of value in the car.

To be honest, what keeps me up at night the most are aesthetic things like tree sap getting on the soft top and squirrels dropping acorns from trees that could scratch the clear coat - but like I said, upper northwest.


I have a pretty high end convertible and live in an up and coming neighborhood. Never had a problem and we travel frequently so it is parked on the street for days or weeks at a time.
Common sense not to leave valuables in view.
Have two friends with soft top jeeps no issues with their cars either.

Get you convertible and enjoy it in the city.
Buy a jeep wrangler instead. 
This question reminds me of the one about tailors...
Poeple in DC are absolute shit. Your car will get broken into 100%
Terrible, I sold mine within a year of living in the city after being broken into and have the suspension jacked up by the terrible roads.  I was even in a secure garage when it was broken into..
I had a friend she had a convertible BMW, the biggest problem is that in the cold snaps the top would freeze.  She couldn't get it closed one day when a cold snap hit after a warm day... She had to find a friend with a heated garage out in the burbs, leave it in there for a few hours till it warmed up...

Don't leave valuables in the car, and leave the pax door unlocked.  Honestly there isn't much car break in in this area... Too much money selling crack to be a car thief.
The natural semi-monochrome (is it natural?) is stunning. Why not landscape?
I was there then too! Was phenomenal.
I was there too last night, and it looked simply incredible. The sky had a purplish hue to it that gave the view looking down the Mall a somewhat surreal quality. I've visited the monuments a lot at night and it's always impressive, but never seen it like that.
I'm not a big Trump fan, but I hope that he kills this boondoggle before the region wastes even more time and money on it.

The Purple Line is a huge mistake. It'll cost 350% more to install and maintain than comparable bus rapid transit, while moving fewer people and taking longer to build. Even though it's not officially part of the Metro system, it will drain funding from WMATA (Maryland plans to reduce its subsidy to Metrorail and Metrobus and transfer the additional funds to the Purple Line public/private partnership). It'll also cause irreperable damage to the environment, including the destruction of 3 square miles of the historical Capital Crescent Trail. 

This proposal was rammed through the Maryland legislature and speedily approved by the FTA without proper oversight and using botched and outdated environmental studies. Kudos to Judge Leon for standing up to the developers and other special interests who are working to line their pockets with govt $$$$
That awkward moment you find out your boss is a coke head
Apparently neither the author nor the people quoted in the story have ever actually read The Great Gatsby.
I live nearby.  I can always tell when he's having one of his parties when there's a bunch of people dressed like they were at Ocean City or Rehobeth walking around the neighborhood.  

This being said, the columnist Carol Joynt thinks well of him, and she's the antithesis of a lowlife.

Cringey rich mid life crisis house parties
Soooo who's the aggressor?
bigger question: who's ever heard of The Dreamy Mr. Dean's parties before? This is the first time I've ever heard of his "famous" parties.
Most importantly, who catered the pizza? /s
"Because the alleged assailant has not been charged with a crime, The Washington Post is not naming him."

...however, the host of a party where something is alleged to have happened, we'll gladly rake his name through the muck because it'll generate pageviews.

God I hate the Post. So glad I started reading the Economist again instead. What a shitty paper.
I bet Bill Dean voted for Trump.
Did I read this right? That even with Police Officers present, she didn't elect to go to the hospital that night or any other time (I can understand if it takes a day or so)? 

That no charges have been filed?

That she was on cocaine that night? And no mention of a lawsuit? And when the Post calls, they don't want to talk about it or provide an attorney/point of contact?

I dunno.  

It's also near Kenilworth Aquatic Gardens which is one of the best "hidden gems" in DC.  I can totally see it.  It's not as if Colombia Heights and U Street had great reputations 20 years ago either.
A little optimistic here. That neighborhood is still basically a body dump. Maybe this will seem prescient in like 2116?
Arlington Cemetery is a really inspiring and thought provoking place that any American in the region should visit at least once. 

(I do think that they should consider skipping that Metro station on the blue line during rush hour though...)
Okay, no offense but this is a cellphone photo of some random tombstones. There are tons of great photos of Arlington National Cemetery:

[photo 1](https://media.npr.org/assets/img/2012/10/22/arlington_wide-16fb584a13e80c2ab9c4700c934010f850e4a611.jpg?s=1400)
[photo 2](http://media.npr.org/assets/img/2014/05/14/ap685480942209_wide-c2e1764e7c28905efe5c7731005e69a2efad775c-s900-c85.jpg)
[photo 3](http://media.breitbart.com/media/2016/05/GettyImages-534471746-640x480.jpg)
[photo 4](https://cemsites.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/Arlington_11.jpg)

Glad you enjoyed your visit though. Did you see the guards at the tomb of the unknown soldier?


https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/wiki/moving
The neighborhood guides on AirBnB are really good, too.  
Hey, I've been in the same situation as you. Just know you're probably looking at spending at least $4-5/lb in this area. I think $4 is the cheapest I found in MD and I called about 20 butcher shops.

Anyway, if you can get into restaurant depot, they sell them. Costcos sometimes have them. There's a Giant in southern MD near (prince frederick) that carries them. I've had my best luck calling butcher shops, 9/10 they know what you're asking for and can accommodate you.
I've found them for a good price at the Fresh Market in Herndon

Edit: I'm dumb and thought it was an H mart
The butchers at Harris Teeter @ Kalorama were willing to order them for me, priced same $/lbs as the flats. Same is probably true at most decent or better grocers around town if you go in and talk to the meat counter staff. Otherwise HT only stocks flats (to my knowledge). 

Enjoy those burnt-ends.
Talk to the butchers -- they have things that don't come out front and can order things.

You could also try the meat wholesale-style shops near union Market on 5th street. 
Let's Meat on the Avenue in Del Ray, is sort of metro accessible in that you can walk there from Braddock Station, but a little costly. We buy our thanksgiving brisket from them yearly
Giant in MD if you have a car, though some locations might be Metro accessible. I picked up 3 full packer briskets (USDA Choice) for $1.98/lb back around Labor Day. I'd been looking for almost 2 years before finding them there. The employee in the meat dept I talked to said it wasn't unusual to have them for that price either.

Smoked one of them so far and it was great! Good luck!
Some Wal-marts have them, as well as some ethnic grocery stores (freshworld def does)       Also the sysco outlet up in MD.
Restaurant Depot on Eisenhower Ave. Any cut of meat, actually. You'll need a business license to go though. Very easy to get. 
I've never eaten their brisket straight, but the ground brisket burgers from The Carving Room on 4th St NW is to die for. They sell their brisket as well. 
union market?
http://imgur.com/QUjvUW0
Dear officials: we're way ahead of you there.
I'm so confused. Isn't Safe Track over? Hasn't it been a year? When did this start? Am I just deluding myself? 
I'm starting a new job next week on the VA side of the orange line. How bad should I expect it to be crowding-wise with a reverse commute from Metro Center? 
tldr: take the bus
I took curiosity and hope for the better at this site going up.

Now I tremor at which people this creation will bring.
I work around the corner from Ford's, so i know from tour buses.  I can't begin to tell you how happy i am that this thing is going up in Southwest.  All of you in the neighborhood--you have my deepest sympathy.
Or, since you said you don't drive, you can just get a D.C. ID card from the DMV. 
Just the exam + road test.
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck. When will this story die?
<3 Comet. They don't deserve this.
I went to comet recently and they had the article hanging up above the bar I think
At least they banned /r/pizzagate.
The_Donald got played haaard. Too bad this didn't happen months ago.
i like their proscuitto arugala, but there are better pies around the city.  'date night' people ruin the ping pong too.  i'm trying to wail on the ball and get the win, and they're always 'just having fun' and getting in the way or letting their ball dribble under my feet and my table
[removed]
Oh, it's gonna get fucking coooooold. Don't you worry. Get yourself a really thick and warm jacket if you do any walking outdoors. Hats and scarves would serve you well too.
Thick coat, look for something with a good wind resistance rating. Boots that are slip-resistant, lots of ice and very little natural drainage leads to very wet, icy sidewalks in some parts of town for quite a while. A thick wool hat is always a good call. 
ITT: People from the midwest bragging about how much colder their winters were growing up in whatever shithole midwest state they came from
Oh yes there is a winter. Bring more layers than you think you'll need when you go out - the wind chill makes everything worse. Unfortunately you may not know how sensitive you are to the wind and cold until you get here but once you do, you can stock up on whatever you need to stay warm. 

I'm originally from a warm place too and when the temperature falls below freezing I need gloves, scarves, earmuffs, hat, thick down jacket, wool socks, thermals and everything. Most people here don't do this unless they go out in a blizzard or something, but I'm not used to the cold yet. I'd always rather be too warm than be too cold. 
WOOL SOCKS. In fact, wool everything. And wear an insulating undershirt and tights/long johns, really helps with the wind
We've had an unusually warm fall. Shit gets real, fast. The last few winters we have been below zero for several days at a stretch, several times. Don't worry about what you wear. Just stay warm. It's a matter of health/safety. 

That said, Washingtonians love to blend in by wearing black like everyone else. (I don't subscribe to it, but you asked.)
Aussie here. Coming over at the end of feb. What's the chances of snow 
In NE, anywhere here, you need a heavy coat to stay wa when it is cold. Feel free to get a lighter coat for warmer days but have the heavy coat available. 
It will get seriously cold.  I went to college in Vermont and have experienced stretches of DC winter weather that exactly duplicated Vermont winter.

I am a big fan of wool sweaters.  Base t-shirt, turtleneck or mock turtleneck on top of that, the wool sweater, and a winter coat: you are now toasty warm no matter how bad it gets.  
I'm from the South. I know how it is. This will feel like the coldest winter of your life. Ignore anyone who from the Midwest that tells you winters are mild in DC. That is false. Get a good thick coat. Layers are good. Sometimes I will rock a hoodie under my coat or jacket. You gotta have gloves when it snows. 

Don't worry about what is unacceptable. You are trying to keep warm not put on a fashion show. Good luck and stay warm..
Dude, this place is fucking crazy. Esp. the wind chills. We on some next-level 6-layer type of shit out here. If you do a lot of walking around, I highly recommend ear muffs and gloves. Get some compression pants and shirts too. 
I typically wear wool socks, wool leggings, and a wool under shirt, then my regular clothes (button up shirt, skirt), and a wool scarf, wool pea coat, gloves, and ....well, I have a very unusual piece of headwear. I sewed a Victorian winter hood. Silk lining, coat weight wool outside, with wool quilt batting in between. My ears don't even know what winter is anymore.
I grew up in Phoenix before coming to DC.  My winter wear is generally a two-layer jacket, where the inner layer can be removed, a fleece pullover/jacket, and a hat of some kind.  I wear the fleece and the 2-layer jacket without the inner layer most of the time when it's chilly or rainy, and with the inner layer on the coldest days or when I'll be outside for a while.  
It tends to get the coldest January and February and sometimes stays below 32F.  Sometimes snow. Sometimes not.  I will second the recommendation for wool socks & coats
Grab a carhartt and put a sweater under it.
When buying winter clothes, remember you'll be walking and spending more time outside in the cold weather than people do in the Midwest.  I bundle up more in 32 degrees in DC than I did at home when it was 10 degrees, because I'm outside for 30 minutes of my commute here, instead of just the walk to and from the car back home.
I am a very cold-natured southerner. I wear [this coat](http://www.ebay.in/geb/ImportHubViewItem?itemid=131805259322) and [these shoes](http://media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/27/6a/f1/276af111cb777612170c07908118fc88.jpg) off and on for about 4 straight months here. If you're here for all 4 years, I'd recommend getting similar items so you can go out in snow and cold rain.

But if you're just here for 1 year, any mildly insulated water-proof shoe or rain boot (with double socks!) and a combination of fleece, wool, and a waterproof, hooded shell will suffice. For just 1 year, I'd also recommend at least 1 pair of normal cotton gloves (also useful for January in the south), 1 pair of waterproof gloves, 1 scarf, and 1 hat/earmuffs/headband. Leggings or thin long johns are also useful as a base layer if you have to walk outside on your commute.
Get yourself some merino wool thermal underwear and some yaktrax. 

It's going to get cold and icy.
I came here from the south and a wool pea coat is just not gonna cut it here (at least for me). I bought a down coat from Eddie Bauer and I love it. Good coats will include info about what temps you will be okay in. Wear a hat, gloves, and scarf too. 

ETA, like another posted said the biggest difference is tha mount of time you spend outside commuting. And on that note, I also recommend snow boots.
I wore a long peacoat for years and was fine. Occasionally it was cold enough where I would layer a down vest underneath the peacoat. It does not *usually* get below 0F (but does regularly get below freezing), but sometimes we're unlucky.

(Context: I'm from Maine, where we wore lots of down jackets but that is overkill here.)
[This](https://juhnnovastyles.files.wordpress.com/2013/12/38b17-hyg.jpg)
Yet another move to delay the Purple Line for no reason.
Complete and total judicial activism from a judge married to a woman who has made fighting to have a hiking trail continue in a tunnel rather than using it for light rail.
I was actually looking forward to the the purple line. While, the middle class folks in the burbs of Moco disagree, it's gonna help lower-class commuters hella. Also, will boost land value around the area so hopefully places like Langley will be more developed without a lot od gentrification. I make the daily commute from Bethesda to college park and it's a pain in the ass.
They need to construct the entire line with a 3rd rail to move/move past disabled trains. Any plan that caters to business as usual needs to be stopped. 
LA CHEESERIE! 
The effect on WMATA boardings could go either way, both ways or be a wash. WMATA will likely reduce some of it's bus service in the corridor resulting in savings, Ride-on and the Bus will likely do the same. Some Metrorail boarding could go to the Purple line at the same time new Metrorail boarding could be coming from the Purple line. 
good

nobody rides the fucking silverline in the first place
Station hopped from dc101 to 98rock to 101.7 and managed to hear it for about 40 straight minutes. :-)
DC101 and pretty much every AOR station on the planet...
I also heard this on The Gamut about an hour ago.
I'm in SW VA with the Moms atm and we heard it on WROV about noon today
This is my favorite roadtrip song
--aaaand cue the christmas songs on 102.7 :-\

93.3 WMMR does this in Philly as well. 
Thanks so much for your feedback, /u/pellucity! So sorry to hear that you’re feeling sick. I hope you had a great Thanksgiving regardless.

I’m one of the owners of District Doughnut and will pass along your feedback to our chef. Our doughnuts (including the dough, toppings, glazes, and fillings) are made from scratch every day and they do not contain any form of preservatives. They’re prepared to be eaten the same day in order to get the best (and tastiest) experience, so I apologize if yours were not up to par! I’m glad that you loved the Vanilla Chai Creme Brûlée - that’s my new favorite, and probably my favorite of the Creme Brûlée doughnuts we’ve made. The Sweet Potato Pie is also a favorite and I will make sure your review is addressed. 

Since you took the time to write this incredible review (and you’re a doughnut lover), I’d like to treat you to a dozen of our doughnuts on me. I can have them available for pick up or delivered to you right after they’re prepared. That way, you get our best foot forward. Our Winter Menu (our menu is seasonal) will be coming up in December, so perhaps I can treat you to some of those new flavors. Look out for a PM from me. Have a great Thanksgiving week everyone - cheers. 

P.S. Keep up the food reviews - this is awesome. 

I feel myself getting fatter just reading this.......and wanting doughnuts.
What other places locally ahve you been?

For me District is last. Everytime I go the doughnuts are cold and chewy. 
I've given district many tries and an sadly largely disappointed each time.
Anything vegan and/or dairy-free?
Kennedy Center.
Depends on how willing you are to be tazed.

Beyond that, the roof of your own house or apartment building is your best bet.
Check out Cardozo High School's parking lot/gymnasium's roof. It rests on top of a very steep hill in Columbia Heights, so you can see most of downtown DC from it.
if you have good quality suction cups any roof 
 I'm also interested in any good buildering spots
founders library on Howard campus, it's on a hill. you can see everything in the City south.
This is the time of year when I get giddy...nobody around, super quiet and like a ghost city.  Weird thing is I like a living, active city but sometimes this reminds me of the old DC.  And by old, I mean when Dodge City was a boarded up area.

Great music but damn, those lines.
Yeah, most people leave DC...for thanksgiving.


I went above the speed limit for a solid 5 miles on 66 today. Mind blowing. 
For nextflix shows, Stranger Things, Documentary Now, and 30 Rock are some of my favorites

Some good movies too right now like Once Upon a Time in the West, Unforgiven, The Crow, etc.
Lyman's on 14th St and DC Reynolds on Georgia Ave are both opening around 5pm and doing potluck/buffet dinner. Both will probably have a decent crowd as a lot of regulars, staff and owners at both are locals.
Townhall was wayyyyyy to packed last night, just as a heads up. I also saw public was pretty packed as I drove by in my uber
Hotel Garuda is spinning at A.I. on Friday night. There will probably be a crowd.
>Will it be the same tonight?

Think back to college and remember how many people were on campus the day after Thanksgiving. 
Booze, hair dye, and dick pills. Sounds like he had a fun night planned.
Dirty Mike and the Boys at it again 
You're taking a big gamble with gas station viagra. 
Alright, I'll bite.  What on earth is "Black Ant King"?

I assume a different brand of penis pills, but why would they advertise for a big dick with a small insect...?
Your car may have AIDS now.
I was relocating an employee, while he was in transit, his car was stolen.  It was recovered and when he went to pick it up,
he found both a baby seat and a kilo of coke in the back.

I suppose if he were more enterprising, he'd have quit and started his own retail business, instead he told the cops and they picked it up, had him sign an affidavit that it wasn't his, and I guess they destroyed it or used it in stings.  They did say he could keep the babyseat, but he wasn't married, so, he told them to keep that too.
>All belongings stolen.

And sold to a thrift shop.
Getting some prosties on Kst?
Boner pills? Is this Brian Redban's car?
Looks like you got the weekend pretty much covered.
Jesus Christ that sucks. Sorry to hear, but glad you got the car back. Can you recover more ($) from them?
It's not clear in the post, but I assume YOUR car was stolen, and that the person who stole it bought all these things.  The DC police (in their infinite wisdom) decided to not log these items as evidence?

This is one of the reasons DC Metro is bad.  Tracking items like this as part of a crime are part of due process, criminal prosecution, etc.  Just giving it away is akin to shoving the criminals back out on the street and patting them on the butt for a "good effort."
Stree Overlord: Heart of a Lion, Power of a Dragon, Extension of Steel
based on the items found, thank goodness they weren't close to a pencil sharpener or else it would of gotten messy. 
They sell those sex pills in a liquor store I go to. Lol
Wonder how much stuff the cops took for themselves before they decided you could just keep what was left...
We serve free thanksgiving dinner at DC Reynolds. Come eat and booze face while you're there.
Most of these places probably wanted you to volunteer in advance, but that salvation army dinner at the convention ctr would probably be very happy to have you come in and help clean up, if nothing else.  Maybe just go over there?

http://dc.about.com/od/thanksgiving/a/VolunteerThanks.htm

Check in with Miriam's Kitchen! SOME might also be able to use some extra hands.

You can also call around to local hospitals, find out if any of the patients need a morale visit on thanksgiving day.  

There are always some patients who have no family and are sick and alone.
The only problem now is that this basically confirms to every one of those conspiracy loonies that they were *definitely* onto something.
GOOD.

I hope the crazies don't come here now though...
That's what happens when you use Reddit for harassment and retarded witch hunts.
Good. Love comet, hope they get out of this bullshit ok. I find it hard to believe that anyone who has eaten there could believe that ludicrous garbage. 
Context?
the best part is that now they're over with the ACTUAL pedos on voat.
That amount of derp on the sub almost made me want to hoof my ass up to VanNess out of spite just to order a pizza in solidarity.

If you know what I mean by "pizza." And I think you do. 
Thank Christ.  Happy Thanksgiving, Comet Pizza!
What was pizzagate?
It's a Thanksgiving miracle!
I didn't even know they were talking about comet until just now. Lol wowwww changes my whole perspective on the situation. 
They got too close to the truth!!! 

lol
I reported them almost two weeks ago. Glad to know Reddit eventually banned it, but jesus that took way too long.
So wait...that was all a hoax drummed up by someone?  


Can't believe it took this long. 
[removed]
[removed]
The census designated space of Silver Spring is pretty much entirely in the beltway. This is the real Silver Spring. 
The postal service in their stupidity and laziness called pretty much nearly the entire area in eastern Montgomery County Silver Spring. Including areas outside the beltway far from the census designated space which is limited to the inner beltway which predates the lazy postal designation. Or areas which have long had their own identity (Wheaton). The thing to go off of though is the census designated space. It's Spencerville, not Silver Spring.  Basically I recognize ONLY the census designated space of Silver Spring as Silver Spring, and that space is entirely in the beltway. 

To reduce confusion, I make it very clear, if it's not close to downtown and inside the beltway, it's not Silver Spring, it's eastern Montgomery County. I refuse to acknowledge the postal services stupid laziness. The census bureau got this one right.

The Census is right here, and the Postal service is lazy. There is only one part that is actually Silver Spring, and if you are outside the beltway in Montgomery County, you are not in it. You are in some other community in eastern Montgomery County. 
Some places are not incorporated but have their own local designation, in which case they may sometimes use this 'city' in their address. For example Colesville, MD, which is wholly located within Silver Spring (which covers a large swath of the county).
Census designated places and zip codes are two separate things. I grew up in [20904](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Silver+Spring,+MD+20904/@39.0649299,-77.0140835,13z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x89b7c53c2de460c3:0x7a7216413ba1b0ba!8m2!3d39.0533891!4d-76.9758274), which is the Colesville post office, but the [Fairland](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Fairland,+MD/@39.0786955,-76.9875164,13z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x89b7db32b90762bb:0xc4df8df977989226!8m2!3d39.0762429!4d-76.9577694).

As for why so much of Maryland is unincorporated, I was always told that in other states the motivation for incorporating is to have control over things like school systems. In Maryland, school systems are run on the county level whether an area is incorporated or not.
[According to the USPS, 20905 is your choice of Silver Spring or Colesville.](https://tools.usps.com/go/ZipLookupResultsAction!input.action?resultMode=2&companyName=&address1=&address2=&city=&state=Select&urbanCode=&postalCode=20905&zip=)
There's a term for this which a blog uses. Silver Spring in Name Only. 
The PSA we really need. 
Thank god the metro will be.... oh wait.... 
Stetson's doesn't exist anymore?
Brass Monkey is listed on here so I guess there will be one less...
Is Thanksgiving Eve still considered one of the biggest going-out nights of the year?

Diamond Joe releases another executive order. 
I can take you to some "places" in Annandale that server 24/7. The new MGM should be severing 24/7 too.
It's the day before thanksgiving I said. Safetrack is over I said. No need to bike in, I can indulge in a nice, leisurely metro ride in I said.....
Sucks for you guys, I'll be laughing all the way down 66!

... in bumper to bumper traffic. 
Happy Thanksgiving Metro Customers! We do apologize for this entirely routine and predictable inconvenience. Please accept a free six inch turkey sub from our food service partner, Subway. You can pick up your free sub tomorrow between the hours of 9:00am and 9:30am at any participating Subway restaurant. Gobble gobble!
Is it too early to start drinking?
I've been waiting here at dupont circle for 20 minutes now. Next train says 15min? What the heck is going on?? 
So apparently a clusterfuck of failures this morning:

1)  [RD Line is running half the normal number of trains with no reason given from Metro so far.](https://twitter.com/MetroReasons/status/801433828426452992)

2) [Train with brake pressure issue near between Brookland and RI Ave](https://twitter.com/RailTransitOPS/status/801418521313951744)

3) [Medical Emergency near Takoma](https://twitter.com/MetroReasons/status/801433828426452992)
Single tracking between fort totten and Rhode Island. We're holding at ft now, 8:52am. 
What a mess this morning. Imagine if it was a usual Wednesday. Many people were off today and it was still a total clusterfuck. 
Passengers reporting that the downed train ran over something
Can confirm it was super fucked getting in this morning from Brookland. Almost bailed out and did bikeshare but then a train finally showed up. 
HA. I knew commuting on the bus would be best today. Getting to silver spring from woodley park has been very smooth(30 minute). Metro is now my last resort.
My brother metro'd from Woodley to Bethesda to take the GRE. Took him 20 min to wait for a train at 645. He is from NYC and mocked us. I hung my head and agreed. 
metro is an absolute clusterfuck. why can't they get it right in our NATION's **capital**?  
Don't worry, we will take care of this immediately.
did some one tell a street preacher how reddit works?

Goddamnit.
I thought Robert Stack was dead...
k
Lousy writing.  That's all I got from this.
[Pepe Silvia?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nTpsv9PNqo)
Ah yes, sounds like murder.
Team Shirley!
Sounds like Dick got what was coming to him. 
1) Sounds like a lot of guys...  Geez, banging some woman under the same roof as your wife lives in..  Easy way to get murdered.  
or get hot grits dumped on you...

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Al_Green#Death_of_Mary_Woodson_White

2) Not sure if it's murder. I don't think there is a duty to call 911, even when someone is dying.


I love how they are protesting the Purple Line based on environmental grounds. As if car exhaust is more environmentally friendly.

But seriously, do the people who oppose this *drive* in the DMV? Traffic here is just awful. We badly need other forms of transportation
Those conspiracy theory loonies have it all wrong.  No one affiliated with Comet Pizza is running a child pedophile ring.

Ajay Bhatt and Judge Richard Leon are the real masterminds here.  Get to work, Reddit!
Honestly, let's focus on fixing the shit we have now. 
DC's thriving Dischord nostalgia market certainly will.
\#MakeArtistsTorturedAgain
Was hoping if Hillary won we would have seen another resurgence of swing music like we did under her husband. 
hopefully, dc music scene is currently meh
Punk rockers can't afford to live here anymore, so doubtful.
I make 90k and benefits, hear my angst.
DC art/music was actually amazing during the Bush Jr administration... I've heard that republican/conservative administrations typically bolster fringe communities...
NAZI TRUMPS

NAZI TRUMPS

NAZI TRUMPS

FUUCK OOOFFF
Serious question: does anyone know where can I buy that hoodie? 'Trump is a Pig' hoodies would cover about 98% of my holiday shopping.
Can actual punks afford to live in DC? 

Your punk rock credentials are kinda shady when you have a high paying government/corporate/lobbyist job. Maybe trust fund punks could try to revive the scene but they seem to prefer warmer cities. 
We need Fugazi back.
Angtsy teenagers and that creepy 50 year old dude at a house show full of kids still wearing his Dead Kennedys jacket from 1985 will both rejoice from their bedrooms at their parents' houses! 
Angry suburban music in the urban? Sign me up, post haste!
[Black Squirrel](https://www.facebook.com/events/563324587202328/) is hosting a Thanksgiving buffet with roast turkey, honeybaked spiral-cut ham, stuffing, gravy, green bean casserole, mashed potatoes, macaroni and cheese, cheddar cheese and corn grits, creamed spinach, roasted brussels sprouts with bacon, cranberry sauce, and pumpkin pie. 

And the best part is its $10 per person! I'll be there so if you see, wave  :)
I believe that Lymans is doing something on Thursday and IIRC DC Reynolds did something last year but I have no clue about this year. 
Georgetown Unviersity does a free buffet. It's technically for community members only but no one checks names or anything
Smoke and Barrel does a Tom Hanks themed Thanksgiving for $30 pp
I've been to Clyde's a few times for their Thanksgiving dinners. They were always very delicious.
Hill Country BBQ on 7th & D NW has THE BEST all you can eat Thanksgiving buffet, smoked turkey included. $49/adult. Amazing stuff.
REPOST!

Come on search. /s
there is an app "Is Metro on Fire"...

Maybe we need one "Is Metro F&c*ed again"...

Which just texts you anytime the line you need has a service outage.
Turkey on the tracks
I just got an alert about an accident with injury right there, so thats probably them, unfortunately.

INCIDENT:     Accident with Injury 

LOCATION:     I495 SB After Georgetown Pike

IMPACT:  Roadway shut down - expected to be re-opened within 30  minutes - Expect significant delays 
Please don't be a Maryland Driver...Please....
Somebody got frustrated with the huge back up from the bridge crash and used one of those "authorized vehicle only" cut through things to try to beat traffic?
Someone drunk driving this early, or severe fatigue after a long drive?
anyone see anything on the traffic cameras?
No but there was JUST a driver that did that (2am EST) on 495s (by exit 12 Mansfield area). I followed them, flashing and flagging drivers to get out of the way, but was called off by police. I feel horrible. I really feel like I should have tried to use my position in front of the car to utilize my brakes and slow the other car. 

Edit: Got a call from the state police to take my statements. They hit someone. Two died :(

Edit 2: Turns out just one died. Other hospitalized.
F5'ing until Maryland plates are confirmed. 
I don't know. But what's nearly certain is that you'll get an accurate answer more quickly by waiting to hear from strangers on the internet as opposed to PICKING UP THE FUCKING PHONE!
>Are there any stores open in DC today?

If I had to wager I'd say that probably **most** liquor stores in DC will be open until roughly 2 or 3 today, if not later. 
Sherry's in Woodley Park is open 10am-10pm (via their twitter).
D'Vines in Columbia Heights is open today, 9am-4pm. 
Cairo on 17th and Corcoran NW (next to Soviet Safeway) is open till 4. 
I passed one that is open till 4 pm. 
I wish they had provided some real numbers.  Production, installation and maintenance costs against power generated would be nice.  The only number they give is that the new tiles generate 200 times more power than the old, which is meaningless without context.
Inevitable rick and morty reference in 5...4...3...
This isn't a news article it is an advertisement.
Cool! Each one only takes 380,000,000 steps of energy to make!
DC Abortion Fund (http://dcabortionfund.org/), Bread for the City, Martha's Table
Well I'll make the pitch. While money is always nice, my organization [Gearin' Up Bicycles](http://www.gearinupbicycles.org) takes any and all donations that are bicycle-related. We'll take parts and pieces, inoperable bikes that have been rendered unrideable, we'll take cycling apparel and accessories, whatever. If it was meant or a bike, we'll take it in.  You don't need an appointment, just come by with your stuff and we'll take it. I can give you a tax receipt as well for your donation if you want it for itemized deductions for this year's taxes.
I was there too! It was awesome. It's within walking distance of my house and I went because I am a funemployed now former campaign staffer.
Got the heads up email from Secret Service today. They were originally expecting it to be about 750 people.

I could see the crowd from my office though I missed the Biden stop. Super cool that he did that.
correct me if I'm wrong but doesn't he live on the naval observatory property? 
This reminds me of that west wing scene where Bartlett has them stop the limo to talk to some tourists, I imagine Joe in the limo yelling 'STOP!'
bunch of ppl planning to do something similar at the WH on 1/19.

https://www.facebook.com/events/1632060230442792/


This is so cool.
That's my giant Biden head!
Wow watch secret service move forward with him in unison at the end when Biden goes to shake the guys hand. 
If you watch the video towards the end somebody calls him an asshole :(
Wish I would have known! Totally would have brought a huge "good riddance" poster
Time to go to bar and wait it out.
That's just good general advice anytime.
Are the trains running now? (6:47pm)
Happy thanksgiving, everybody!
So do we think everything will be back to what passes for normal on the RL tomorrow? :-\


Pro Tip- Don't ride the metro. 
I work somewhere that does 100% I.D. checks. You don't have it, you don't come in. The end.

Out of the vast majority of people I've seen, the coolest one had to be Buzz Aldrin. In addition to his regular license he also had a very official looking Mars passport that he handed to me first. I didn't recognize him initially and about shit a brick when I opened it up, read the name and realized who I was talking to.
Who travels without their ID, let alone to the White House?


This is how my mother discovered that her license had expired.  We'd planned out the trip for months, and everyone knew to bring the ID, but she hadn't looked at it months since she rarely buys alcohol / doesn't speed.  The look of disappointment on her face was soul-crushing enough that I still think about it from time to time.  

She missed the tour, but got to go to one of those "thanks for your service" meetings with the president himself later that year so it all balanced out in the end.
speaking of ID's; anyone have any problems with DL's from non-REAL ID states? (so far so good for me; but my new MD license is on the kitchen table until i need to swap it out...)
Wait... maybe Donald doesn't have one either... there might be hope yet.
Why does she feel entitled to get to the White House without ID? If she was getting the presidential medal of freedom she should have made sure there wouldn't be any problems. Her post comes across as if she is saying "I'm so important I can't believe they just wouldn't let me in!"
It's the white house!  You think you're the shit?  You ain't shit.  It's the white house. 
why is she dressed as a Christmas present in sneakers? 


Don't need an ID to vote in a new president, but need an ID to meet them after the election.
Thanks, Obama. Drain the swamp. (Am I doing this right?)
To me, this is yet another sign that the Secret Service needs to loosen up a bit. You know damn well it's Ellen. You invited her. Quit being such sticklers for arbitrary rules. 
north capitol?  WTOP just saying follow police direction for the moment; police activity.
Cops won't say. Wtop just says follow police direction. South bound north cap below Rhode island is closed to traffic at T st. Cars are being directed north bound.
POTUS motorcade drove down Lincoln. I was in the Old Engine 12 restaurant as it went by. 
https://www.whitehouse.gov/blog#today

Think that's bad, wait until we have a fascist dried up orange peel running things. 
new york avenue is pretty long.  what cross street were you on?  (hint: if you were at 15th street, NW, it probably had to do with traffic in or out of the white house. or maybe a bomb scare.  happens all the time.)
https://xkcd.com/1138/
Fascinating. It looks like they're happening in the neighborhoods with the most people. If only we had a theory to explain this phenomena.

Thanks Data Scientists of Michael & Son!!!
Wow! The correlation between amount of plumbing and plumbing emergencies is fascinating! /s
According to this one plumbing company, anyway (Michael & Son) it's
20744: Ft Washington, MD
20854: Potomac, MD
22312: Alexandria, VA
20011: NE DC
20774: Upper Marlboro MD
Anne Arundel county is a nice place to live.
Not really sure how this is Anti-Trump. As it clearly says Trumr.
Someone don't like your EDM dawg /u/Trumr
There's 'fuck Trump' graffiti all around Eastern Market and Barracks Row as well.
I might be a closet racist for saying what I'm about to say, but is this any better than people spray painting "TRUMP!!!!" on random objects in public?
No, graffiti is awful in all forms. 
No, graffiti is awful in all forms. 
I see some cool " make racist afraid again " in Columbia heights and "class-war " places .. I like it 
Trumr is such a racist. 
>Edit #2: per usual, this subreddit down votes to oblivion. No good deeds go unpunished around here, that's for sure.

The best way to re-enforce downvotes.
Why not contact Six Flags? They probably can contact her, since she's a member.
Those are about the expire at the end of the  year right? Do you go to Six Flags in December much?
Don't worry too much about it.  She can get a replacement next time she goes for free from the same office y'all got the ids from in the first place.

Source: friend lost their id.
[Stands for VIPs at the Inauguration](http://media.gettyimages.com/photos/the-inaugural-parade-reviewing-stand-where-president-barack-obama-picture-id525618522)
national christmas trees/menorah/nativity on the ellipse across from the south front; inaugural parade reviewing stand on the sidewalk on the north front.  (yes, a temporary structure, but has to have bullet proof glass and be bomb resistant and all that other good stuff....)
It's the presidential inauguration viewing stands I think
I haven't looked in a couple of days, but it looks like they're building the stand on the north side of Pennsylvania Ave, facing the White House to the south? That would be a reversal from the last few, IIRC.
National Christmas Tree
Sir. Please remove yourself from the water. 
Do you happen to have a full res version? Would love to use this as my desktop background!
How much does a camera that can take this clear of a picture cost? 

Sauce: https://www.instagram.com/p/BNDYJJWDUiF/
Nice shot man.
you photoshopped out all the homeless people
Right up the road from me. Beautiful!
Miss it so much, especially this time of year. 
Yeah, beautiful and fucking windy
It's an orange omen of foreboding. °-°
So that's where all the leaves ended up
My favorite view of the Capitol, walk by it everyday
Absolutely breathtaking. Thank you for sharing this image.
eh
Physically beautiful, but ideologically not so much.
#draintheswamp
Well the outside of those buildings look nice. The insides, not so much. 
[Might have more reception here](https://www.reddit.com/r/dcphotography/).
Great photos 
Suspected attempted suicide or self harm according to the wapo link. Man in critical condition
https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/public-safety/man-critically-injured-in-stabbing-at-thomas-circle-park/2016/11/22/950e339e-b0c9-11e6-8616-52b15787add0_story.html
I love that this post is directly below another entitled, "We really live in beautiful place."
Hillary?
That source...
Every year, the president pardons a Turkey for Thanksgiving. The bird is donated by the National Turkey Federation, an unofficial sponsor of this modern-day tradition. The origins of this pardoning varies but it officially started with George H. W. Bush, in response to the protests of animal rights activists (Lincoln, Kennedy, Nixon and Reagan spared turkeys on their own, without making it an annual tradition). But the tradition has often been called a mockery: most pardoned turkeys die within a year of being granted a reprieve anyway. The turkey pardon [has also been used](http://www.npr.org/2015/11/25/457253194/the-strange-truth-behind-presidential-turkey-pardons) as a way to divert the press from scandal:

> Ronald Reagan in 1987 was technically the first president to use the word “pardon” about a turkey, but it was really just a way to deflect questions about the Iran-Contra scandal and whether he would pardon key players involved — Oliver North and John Poindexter. The bird, “Charlie,” was already headed for a petting zoo, but after Sam Donaldson of ABC News pressed Reagan on whether he’d pardon North and Poindexter, Reagan responded, “If they’d given me a different answer on Charlie and his future, I would have pardoned him.”

Hardly anything escapes from politics in this city, included our beloved holidays.

Happy Thanksgiving y’all!


---

Pst. Hey kids... care for some [holidays cards](https://www.etsy.com/listing/478427458/washington-dc-x-mas-cards-postcards-from)?
That face! Be happy, silly Turkey.
Anecdotally, I found out the process for requesting a Block Party permit when I moved, as the permit is part of the same system as requesting a parking space for a moving truck.  I wonder how many people have the same experience and then think "I should host a block party"?
[deleted]
They can be a lot of fun!  I've gone to the same one the last two 4th of July's and they were quite fun, despite rain!
Can we get a bigger, or interactive version of that freakin' tiny map?
No it's perfectly legal and many condo buildings forbid it
Yes.  A lot of landlords spend time vetting tenants, and don't want their property destroyed by someone who they haven't been able to vet or don't know.  It's pretty common to put a no-subletting cause in a lease.  There's no right on your part to do whatever you want.

It's also legal to ban airbnb.
If you're young and living in a group house or with people you don't know very well it's crucial that you find a place that allows subletting.

Some of us on here have been in situations where you know after a few weeks it's not going to work out between you and a roommate(s). Unfortunately, you signed a piece of paper that said you will pay for 12 months, but you need to get out of that situation. 
Yes, it is legal for a Landlord to not permit subletting.  It should be in the lease.  The Landlord leased a space to the Tenant, not a Tenant's friend/customer/family.  

A lease is a legally binding agreement between two specific parties.
Is it legal to prohibit subletting?  Yes.  Does your lease prohibit subletting?  Well, that's up to you to read it and find out.

Always read everything before you sign.
Do leases not have language anymore that says something like "subletting must be pre-approved by the landlord"? I guess in the era of Airbnb it's just easier for landlords to outright ban it. 
Yes.
They can.  I've actually been able to sublet twice since I've lived here with those clauses in my lease by going and talking to the landlord and letting the landlord do their own check (with a fee).  I was on pretty good terms w/ both landlords, so I'm not sure if it would be harder w/ a big management company or something.
[deleted]
TL;DR: Lots of "yeah, that's a good question, and we don't have definitive info on that yet." 
That was... odd.  Less a Q&A and more, "Tell us what you're worried about so we can figure out which stories will get us the most clicks."

I don't think anyone has answers, and the uncertainty is pretty stressful.  I haven't been through a transition before, but all the long-timers at my agency are telling me the next six months will be brutal.
> more specific speculation

Interesting choice of words.
Pretty fascinated by this. All of my fed friends know of entire "pop up departments" that have 0 real responsibility filled with 5 or 6 employees who've been festooned there because they are utterly incompetent but can't be realistically fired, or a 68 year old GS-12 just mailing it in and collecting a paycheck.

But...is there an actual, workable plan outside of "you're fired"? Will they move to a leaner, more agile model where most of the feds are at least GS-13 and the ground level work is contracted out, thereby going straight to the more legitimate talent? (Obviously much of it is right now, not only specialized projects but straight up staff augmentation). 

Seems like it might be a lose-lose, especially if it's a totally ham-fisted operation. 
I'm picturing a weathered old black man, wearing a flat cap, leaning on a cane, recommending the pickled rockfish at Convivial to a bright-eyed, white, metrosexual youngster. 

"They got robbed by those damn frogs. Throw in a hearth and some hyperlocal restrictions and and they award a star, but no love for deconstructed latkes? This neighborhood is changing."

There's something subtly racist and patronizing in the tone of this article. 
TIL for a significant portion of my 20s in DC I was eligible for affordable low-income subsidized housing. 
I gotta ask the silly question here: who can afford $4000 a month for rent?

I mean seriously what are people doing in DC to make that kind of money.  I make decent money but that would still be most of my income going to rent.
The Post wants to cover a race war so badly. 
1169 a month is affordable housing?? 
I, for one, welcome our new nekomimi overlords.
It's not a DC specific thing, it's a trend that started becoming more popular in the past year.

Ariana Grande, Taylor Swift, and a bunch of Instagram celebrities have worn them, ergo, teenage girls now wear them. 
Seemed to start with Japanese girls. I suspect it became popular here because girls think it makes them look cute. 
http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/645/713/888.jpg
They are playing the long game to get lots of upvotes on r/blunderyears when they are in their 20s. 
Cats are cool, hence the phrase, "Cool cat." 
I liked the fancy flower headband trend better, but I'm a little too old and office-worker-y to pull off either look. I figure teenagers wear ridiculous things so the rest of us don't have to, like a kind of sartorial scapegoating.
Is this like the snapchat dog ears/nose filter but IRL?
Popular fashion 
Furries.
^   o3o ^
They are visual genetic distinction that marks the female, and occasionally male, homo sapien as either underage or batshit crazy.
I've been wanting to ask the same question about round sunglasses for some time now.  What's their deal?  It's a dumb fashion trend that doesn't even go with most face shapes.
Surely they saw the totally legit news article on www.freenewsbeacondailygazette.co.mk.com that said that Hilary Clinton herself pulled the trigger?  What more evidence could they need?

That said, I do wish them luck, and hate that idiots over at /r/the_racist has mucked this whole thing up.
r/the_donald has all the answers I'm sure, lol
HIS NAME WAS SETH RICH
Definitely worth it if you drive frequently up and down the eastern seaboard, or on the ICC, or the Bay Bridge, or on any of the toll roads in Virginia that I am not familiar with. 
Update: Chastened by my departure, MD no longer charges a monthly fee.

2010ish we cancelled our MD EZ pass as there was going to be a monthly fee. I cannot recall if that fee was waived if you used the EZ Pass that month. (We eventually got - and still have - a NYS EZ pass and there is no fee.) 

Definitely worth it, but check the fine print for each jurisdiction as you have options.
If you're going to be driving on 95, 495 in Virginia, or 66 in the future, I'd recommend an E-ZPass Flex. With a Flex, you're able to use the Express Lanes on those roads for free when you meet the HOV requirement (currently 3, though 66 will require only 2 when they begin tolling inside the beltway). If you're traveling during peak time, the Express Lanes can save a good chunk of time. Even in the off peak, they are much less stressful to drive, and if it's free, you've got no reason not to. 

There is a catch with the Flex however, you are expected to use the HOV feature. If you don't use it for HOV travel for six months straight, they'll charge you a one time fee of $10. 
Virginia doesn't charge any fee to get one from them. Maryland charges a fee, but gives a small discount on some of the Maryland tolls. I went with Virginia because I don't use it often enough for the MD toll discount to make sense.
Article [here](http://www.dailypress.com/features/shopping/savvy-shopper-blog/dp-analysis-where-should-you-buy-an-ez-pass-20140115-story.html) is a little dated, but shop around if you have time.
which way are you headed?  Delaware is probably the easiest spot to get one if you are headed north in my opinion - they have their office just off to the side of the toll plaza
The only thing that is relevant about where you buy it, is if there are issues with a charge or anything then it being out of state can be a headache.

For example I have a PA ezpass and used a VA ezpass lane, I later got in the mail that I didn't pay the toll from a VA ezpass lane. my statement from PA shows the fare paid. But since the charge was in VA and pass was from PA, they couldn't clear it up over the phone since it was "out of jurisdiction". So I ended up having to print everything out and mail in the appeal to Virginia.

Minor issue really, but having the ezpass from the state you're likely to use it most in may save you a little effort in the end.
I got mine when I had a daily toll on my commute, but now I just keep it around because I don't have to freak out and start searching for my card/cash any time I hit a toll road during my travels around the area, it's worth it just for that
I bought mine at a Giant grocery store in VA. I travel 95 quite a bit and couldn't live without it. It even works on the toll entering Canada.
I've bought mine and family members' at Giants in MD. No issues. Totally worth it.
Last month I drove to Maine and I had no idea that there were *so many tolls*.  Several toll stations had signs saying that they were soon going to stop accepting cash.  I don't know if they'll take cards, or if EZ Pass will be the only option.

I have an EZ Pass unit now and I wish I had one then.

Check your route and see.
I've had one forever and it just stopped working. Oh my god is it agonizing waiting in toll lines for the first time in 10 years.

OTOH,  it's nice to have a little chat with the toll collectors.
I have an EZ Pass! I purchased it at AAA near Metro Center. It doesn't matter where you buy it, and it works anywhere in the surrounding states.  I'd definitely say it's worth it, especially since it auto-refills when needed.  Enjoy! 
A Wider Circle in Silver Spring!
Horton's Kids and Little Lights do a fantastic gifts for their program participants. Great organizations to reach out to!
>Also, will shops and museums be open on Thursday?

Museums, yes. Shops... if you want to experience a real American Thanksgiving tradition I suggest skipping dinner and checking out a black Friday stampede at Walmart at whatever time they open on Thanksgiving. 
https://www.washingtonian.com/2016/11/14/where-to-find-thanksgiving-dinner-around-dc/

Make a reservation.
Very little will be open -- I am surprised the museums will be but I guess they only close Dec 25.  Check Chinese food places for dinner -- Meiwah is the best. Chinatown should have other options.
I heard The Four Seasons in Georgetown has a good meal.  Might need to make reservations if they are not booked...could also be pricey - check ahead.
If someone doesn't offer them food at their house the tradition will be meaningless...which is probably true.  /I'll be in PA 
Thanksgiving is a great time to be in DC, as the city empties out of locals. The Smithsonians are all open, and they're likely going to be less crowded. We have upwards of twenty free museums AND a free zoo - you can read about them [here](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=1&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=0ahUKEwiH0ri5ir_QAhXKMo8KHasDBk8QFggpMAA&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.si.edu%2F&usg=AFQjCNHAK68EirKyDDKFKgUJJd9ZEjGCug&sig2=zIN1921ybzu809jg7gmvpg) I reccomend picking one or two a day, as they're very large.




Hope this helps OP! 

http://dc.eater.com/2016/11/21/13697774/last-minute-thanksgiving-reservations-dc

I had a pretty solid time at Clyde's in Chinatown last year w/ a couple of my roommates.  Granted, we sat at the bar, got drunk, ate the thanksgiving meal, and watched football, but there were plenty of respectable people there.  The food was honestly better than the thanksgiving meal they have at Old Ebbitt's.
Maggianos 
Stay at the Americana hotel in Crystal city (in Arlington, VA).  It is farrrr from luxury, but it's cheap for the region, has free parking and breakfast, and is in a nice neighborhood near a metro station.  You can also find plenty of cheap hotels around dulles airport, but getting to the metro from there is a big pain unless you want to drive to a metro station and park and ride. 

That, or just do airbnb.
Consider https://www.hiusa.org/hostels/district-of-columbia/washington-dc/washington-dc
depends when you're coming but seriously just go look at hotels.com and try to stay in rosslyn or crystal city for easy metro access. both are safe. then you can use pictures to decide what you're willing to put up with
[You could always stay down by the river](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3nhgfjrKi0o)
Hey I took a look on google which took me to a hotel search site and I entered Dec.5th-Dec.11th and got the [Days Inn on Connecticut Ave.]( http://www.booking.com/hotel/us/days-inn-connecticut-avenue.html?aid=356980;label=gog235jc-landmark-XX-us-grosvenorNstrathmoreNmetroNstation-unspec-us_dc-com-L%3Axu-O%3AosSx-B%3Achrome-N%3AXX-S%3Abo-U%3Ac;sid=06872059e436a1e37e48e5be1571298b;checkin=2016-12-05;checkout=2016-12-11;ucfs=1;highlighted_blocks=5688610_93700653_2_0_0;all_sr_blocks=5688610_93700653_2_0_0;room1=A;hpos=1;dest_type=city;dest_id=20021296;srfid=408a8f388e9b21b62409e8c70539a6e82244eb2aX1;highlight_room= ) and the price is $480.00 . Sounds like that might be out of your price range but if it isn't it's a few blocks from the Van Ness-UDC metro stop which is only 5 stops from Metro Center. As /u/misskinky mentioned you could stay in a hostel, the same website I used says you can stay in several hostels for 6 days for less than $150.00 so that seems like a good option.
As far as 'safe' outside the district, most of the Virginia metro area is safe, as well as Takoma Park/Bethesda/Rockville/Gaithersburg in MD - none of those areas are particularly cheap, but you may be able to find something better than DC prices, and there are metro stations.  College Park is a good bet price-wise (without being unsafe) but you'll have to taxi or Uber to a metro to get into the city. 
Is this a photographry/digital image manipulation or do they really look like that awesome?  
I thought this was awesome.  
Exactly what part is confusing your boner?
People can also email the DC Shelter Hotline to request help: uposh@upo.org

Your report should include the time when the person was seen, their specific location, and a description of the person’s appearance.

Finally, the 800 number is still in place but being phased out this season. So please use (202) 399-7093 or 311. The former goes directly to UPO. The latter to DC government and then transferred to UPO.

**This information has been verified by the Department of Human Services.

Cable lines slightly ruining the scenic view
It's troubling that our soon-to-be president has not yet come out to condemn this frightening rise of nationalism, anti-Semitism, and hateful rhetoric that has increased since his election to the White House. Staring into a camera and saying "stop it" during a 60 Minutes interview is just not nearly sufficient. He needs to distance himself from this movement. 

I'm anxious about what the next four years are going to look like. I don't think American liberalism has been under this type of reactionary pressure ever. I hope this doesn't increase. 
> The Holocaust did not begin with killing; it began with words.

Absolutely chilling and correct.
Guys, I just wanted to point Tila Tequila's tweeted pic at the alt right conference.  It turns out modern nazis look like Milhouse LOL.

[Pic](http://autoadmit.com/go.php?url=https%3A%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fassets.forward.com%2Fimages%2Fcropped%2Ftila-tequila-screenshot-1479658845.png) 

[Article](http://autoadmit.com/go.php?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cbsnews.com%2Fnews%2Fdc-restaurant-apologizes-for-hosting-alt-right-group-diners-who-performed-nazi-salute%2F) 
>Chaffetz said he plans to push through wholesale changes to the generous retirement benefits that federal workers receive, by shifting to a market-driven, 401(k)-style plan for new employees.

Pretty sure this was already done by Reagan over 30 years ago.
It doesn't make sense to simultaneously cut benefits and make it harder to hire and easier to fire. If the goal is to create a leaner federal workforce that does a better job, increase benefits and help agencies remove poor performers, making it easier to attract good workers and staff effectively. 

Although there are bad eggs in any job, it is generally hard to remove bad Feds compared to private sector folks. There still have to be some protections to guard against political firing, but I wouldn't be opposed to longer probationary periods and making it easier to build a case to get rid of underperforming employees. 

There is a balance and what's being proposed is not the right mix. 

Edit: a word
"Chaffetz said he plans to push through wholesale changes to the generous retirement benefits that federal workers receive, by shifting to a market-driven, 401(k)-style plan for new employees."

Ya, the federal government already did that in 1986.  It is called the [Thrift Savings Plan](https://www.tsp.gov/index.html).
> But he also wants a military with more ships, planes and troops. He has said he wants to triple the number of immigration enforcement agents and beef up the border patrol by thousands.

> So a selective hiring freeze may be more realistic, Trump advisers say, where agencies Republicans dislike shrink and ones they like grow.

So really this is just about one political party seeking to spend government money where they think it's important. The idea that this is about shrinking government or reforming federal employment is a ruse. The truth is that both parties like spending government money when they're the ones running the government.  

I actually agree that hiring and firing federal employees should be easier. Both take way too much time now and are costly. But I think reducing benefits would be a bad idea. People don't do government work to enrich themselves (the private sector pays more), and if we want to attract at least *some* of the best and brightest, we must offer benefits. 

I'm just hopeful that this doesn't impact me personally.  
We don't need to rake federal workers over the coals...

We need to make acquisition reform sexy again!
As someone starting a federal job in mid-January, this all make me very nervous. I'm starting before the inauguration and working for DoD, but still. 
I never understand why people don't push for government-like benefits in the private sector (besides the hiring/firing side of the house). Why bring others down as opposed to rising to a higher level?
Exchange white collar nondefense jobs for white collar defense jobs that blue collar rural America still can't do. Keep trying.
If you want to see how a government agency looks with limited employee protections then look no further than the TSA.

See how "well" that agency is doing?
How about we do the same to congressional benefits? How different would things be if congress had to use the same retirement and health benefits as rest of us?
My mom is a branch chief working for the federal government.  Her primary gripe is she can't fire underperforming staff with any urgency.  Her other primary gripe is she can't attract talent.  I sense retirement in her future pretty soon.  
Union busting is fine so long as it's not the police then? He's swearing off any union labor with the government and is not even going to mention the police union that fights tooth and nail to keep corrupt people employed? What a horse's ass. I get that that's state and not federal, but that's pretty hypocritical to not even mention one of the most powerful unions in the country. 
As a federal employee I welcome changes that will make it easier to hire and fire, but leave my benefits alone.
Anyone who has applied to a federal job through USAJobs knows the process is slow and inefficient. And anyone who has worked in the federal government knows there are people who coast through their job. So reform is probably necessary.

Whether this will actually be good reform depends on whether the Dems are willing to work on it with the Repubs. Because otherwise its going to be a whole lot they won't like.
How will this affect promotions? My girlfriend is starting to freak out about an all-but-guaranteed promotion she was going to get pre-Trump. I feel like she would be fine, but I've never worked in government.
I see lawsuits, lawsuits everywhere!! My wife works for the Fed and specifically chose to do so because of the benefits (pension, thrift savings, student loan forgiveness, etc). She chose to take less upfront pay for the long term benefits. Right now she is union covered, but if she accepts one more grade up, she will not be union eligible anymore.
Not totally opposed to this. The thing that really upsets me though is that the whole "drain the swamp mentality" won't apply to the military, the largest single source of government expenses, or congress, who will vote against creating term limits for themselves.
I wonder how those anti Hillary FBI workers feel
Could I get a headline that isn't a coy fuckin riddle out of wapo?
[deleted]
I'd support getting rid of tenure but the current salary and benefits for fed jobs are terrible compared to the private sector or universities. We in government take less money (far less) than we would get elsewhere in order to perform service for the public good.
Another hiring freeze?

What's costing the government a lot of money is going with contractors that charge out the ass for labor (which has overhead and profit and other costs).
When is he going to ban news articles with clickbait titles?
Promising to ban unions from government work is a huge red flag. 
I worked on the hill for 4 years. Tell me there are no people in your office who should have been fired long ago. 
Let's have an honest moment here: does anyone here really think Trump is going to shut down/eliminate the Dept. of Education and the EPA? What about DOE (Energy)?

The regulatory pushback (the "eliminate two regs for every one passed" idea) seems more plausible. But, should the majority of mid-career Federal employees in DC start worrying?
What are the chances of any of this actually going through?  I'm looking at you older Feds.
Does this apply to military?
However they want to spin this, I think there's going to be some good years ahead for the DC metropolitan area. The work will simply shift to contractors. All you have to do is to look at stock performance for govcons like Mantec, CACI, SAIC, etc since the election (well exceeded S&P500). Ironically, govcons have suffered quite a bit during the Obama years because of Congressional deadlock, but looks like the spigot's turning back on.
Those who work in government or have worked with the government have no doubt thought to themselves about some of their colleagues, "How does this person hold a stable job? Let alone one that pays them over 100k." I don't know about you all but I've worked with some people that wouldn't be able to make it at Dollar General: nasty attitudes, more or less telling the boss to fuck off, staying in a pay grade for decades with no aspiration to climb to the top or even a managerial position, taking weekly leave like it's a god given right. 

Is it possible that he will do away with the MSPB?


Having dealt with countless government workers over the years, who are fucking terrible at their jobs, don't care, in some cases don't even show up. This is a great thing. They are far too secure as is, if you let them be removed when they suck, the entire government machine will start working better. 

All these government workers fucking about on Reddit down-voting me instead of working are their own destruction once the welfare stops. 

So awesome, so fun. 
Not being able to fire poor performers (about 90% of the Federal Work Force) is the biggest problem in the government.  People working for 6 figure salaries, who are usually unqualified AND do about an hours worth of work a day tops.  Being able to fire them, will either make room to hire good employees, or motivate the ones already there to do what they are paid to do.  This is fantastic!  Also, this will get rid of having 4 employees do one job, because each of them only does part of the work.

> Top Republicans on Capitol Hill say their first priority will be making it easier to fire employees regarded as incompetent or who break the rules.

Finally! 
The federal government needs a promotion freeze and a more efficient way to fire the dirtbags. A hiring freeze by itself would only make it even more top heavy.
They should rename this location Mussolini's Great Italy just for kicks.
Looks like the restaurant handled it well & I'm glad they supported the ADL with the neo-Nazi's money.
Do the white supremacists know she's not white?
This story is yet another indicator that people *want* something to be outraged and offended about.

Focus people. The problem is the neo nazis, not the restaurant that had no idea they were coming.
>We want you to know that at the suggestion of one of our Guests, we are donating the profits from our restaurant sales on Friday, $10,000, to the DC office of the Anti-Defamation League, which for decades has been working to bring people together in peace and understanding.

Glad the NPI's money wound up making its way to a good cause eventually.  
She's got a picture of herself with a swastika on her twitter profile. How have they not banned that account?
Nothing wrong with taking an asshole's money, this is America. 
This article fails to mention that this was Maggiano's second post, after deleting the first post in which they equated hosting the Neo Nazi's to hosting Malia Obama's graduation party and saying they serve everyone from "all walks of life".

Screenshot: http://imgur.com/a/m4saQ

And she's too stupid to spell her hate speech correctly. 
Tough spot for the restaurant...maybe restaurants will require "extreme vetting" for any large events.
I agree with that one reply on there:

>If Himmler saw you doing this, that evil man would laugh in your face and call you an Untermensch.
I'm deeply ashamed that the good people of Washington DC didn't give these ass hats a proper beating. 
Maggianos has buy one get one entrees. Have a decent lasanga and bring home baked ziti for tomorrow 
The coarsening of American political dialogue continues. I don't know if I should still be shocked or not...
Thank god. Parking at $5 is still pretty expensive for some statioms, and riding metro+parking on a weekday from the suburbs is usually around $15 per day. If that rose up more I'm sure a lot of people would just park in the city or something and actually save money..
Between parking, and metro fare, its actually cheaper for me to just drive into the district and pay for parking.  When your mass transit system is more expensive then parking around the capitol, you doin it wrong boss (in-case your trains catching on fire daily weren't hint enough).
good.

There is no benefit to selling this off. There is no competitive market.
Well for one parking is completely lop sided. At Fort totten, all you have is one parking lot but has access to 3 lines! It should be a large parking deck. 
That's a good move. In addition to encouraging park and ride (which is a good idea if you want Virginians and Marylanders in particular to be invested in Metro), in the future WMATA may want to use that valuable land space near Metro stations for something else. If they've given up the rights to all that land to a concessionaire they might be locked in for decades or close to a century before they can get out of it. Not a good deal, especially if something like a self-driving car or some kind of Uber/Lyft partnership makes it so that they don't need as much parking space as they have now. 
I live in Gaithersburg and work a block from Rosslyn metro. I would *LOVE* to take the metro into work but its cost-prohibitive at this point. Peak hours prices are ridiculously high these days and parking prices are essentially unfordable. WMATA needs to get this shit sorted out.
reason why I ask is because there are at least 20-30 out there and not knowing exactly which one I'd end up at, so I'm asking in general? thanks in advance .   For example, at my house we aren't going to be doing Thanksgiving because it's not exactly the rooted culture of one of my parents. 
I went to Pho 75 (Rosslyn) last Thanksgiving. Was fairly busy.

I doubt you'll see a lot of places (if any) closed at Eden Center. They only close on Lunar New Year, and even then, all my favorite places were still open.
Call them and ask yourself?
Asian restaurants?  Closing for holidays?  U lazy!  Y u not work 4 jobs and be doctor and lawyer yet?
Hmm, when I was in Europe, I did cheap ridesharing+buses across five countries. Do we not have ridesharing apps/sites here?
Procrastinating?
No
What are we going to support? Is it related to all the asshat conspiracy theorists?
All of you trolls, save your PMs and get a life. 
I know James, I've partied with him and he's gotten me in to some cool events.  I'm so sad about what's happened to him, and how they're digging up personal shit on him, photos of his friend's kids, etc.
Can I bring my 7-year-old and 5-year-old children?
On a more realistic note, can you give any details privately about this event? Would love to show some support. 
I hope this dies away after these idiots can suckered into the next conspiracy. 

Since I'm already out of DC celebrating Thanksgiving with family, I can't show support this week. But I will definitely do so when I return to the district. This is disgraceful and disgusting and no business, especially one so great, deserves this level of harassment. 
If you stick around until after close and know the hand signal, you can join is in our Satanic pedophile rituals!  Find me to grab your bracelet.
We all know the real pedophilia happens at Smith Point.
The Clintons destroy everything they touch.
Wow.
Power to him. I wish him the best.
They had the best breakfast burritos. $6 for a gigantic burrito stuffed with Bacon, Sausage, Eggs, Homefries, Grilled Onions, Peppers and Cheese topped with Hot Sauce and Ranch Dressing. I'll miss Louis
can he move to Bladensburg Rd near V St just past the
Bus yard?

Or Into Brentwood across from the postal sorting facility?


For myself, I'm looking for someone to lift with after work (23/f with a small bit of lifting experience so preferably someone similar). I'm currently at WSC in either Dupont / Downtown or Bethesda. I'm flexible on timing and location for the right partner!
24 m. YMCA Anthony Bowen (U Street). Mainly free weights. Weekdays around 4. Weekends anytime.
If anyone wants to run in Rock Creek Park some weekend! 19/F NW DC
I've been trying to find people to workout too! Some people recommended Meetup but it seems like it is used more for social sports so finding someone to workout with has been hard. I'm 23/M in DC.
I used to have to get groceries at the safeway in there and it was the worst grocery store I have ever been to.
That's my library!
is the hotel undergoing renovation or is it still rotting?
Bars in every major American city are open on Thanksgiving. It's usually not that hard to  find a bartender who wants that shift, just to get away from the stress of Thanksgiving, plus all the customers trying to do the same. 

Some bars won't open. Some won't open their kitchens, but many will be serving drinks. 
Yes, lots of them actually. Figure out which one you want and check their Twitter or call. I find that most "dive" or neighborhood bars are usually open at some point.
If there's football on, there will be bars open.
Most of them will be open
Very depressing 
Oh that's so terrible...


Sad update, but why the Daily Mail.

Here's the original thread from here: https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/35bo12/update_missing_howard_student_lance_buckley_found/
Oh god, how awful. I remember when this originally happened last year; what a terrible ending. 
[deleted]
She went to canada after trump won. I was at her going away party. 
If she was your doctor, you should have gotten a letter telling you where she went.  Both doctors I've had that went elsewhere sent these letters, one of which was a Medstar doc.
"white advocacy"

Cut the bullshit CBS. They're white supremacists.
White Supremacists. Nazis. Racists. Anti-Semites.

It is OKAY TO USE THESE WORDS, CBS. Because they're TRUE.
Fucking Nazi dorks.

How big must Neo-Nazism be on MySpace that they landed *Tila Tequila*?!

Good god.

Also--Dear Media:
Once you report that they are literally "'performing' the Nazi salute", you can just call them Nazis. Enough of this "alt-right" bullshit.
How about an apology from the weird freaks who were sieg heiling. 

I don't think anyone blames the restaurant.
Lol at that picture, who would have thought Klitz from The Girl Next Door and Milhouse would have become nazis
And when did it become ok to use the words white and nationalist together.
The "good reason" question was ruled unconstitutional by U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia judge Richard Leon, who quoted *District of Columbia v. Heller* 554 U.S. 570 (2008), writing “The District’s understandable, but overzealous, desire to restrict the right to carry in public a firearm for self-defense to the smallest possible number of law-abiding, responsible citizens is exactly the type of policy choice the Justices had in mind."
You wasted your money. There are a handful of people with permits. 
What's the nature of your work? 

Are you rich, famous, politically well connected, a judge, a survivor of a horrible yet newsworthy crime, or a journalist who writes extensively about 2nd amendment rights and have an employer that buys ink by the barrel?

If not, I think you wasted $110. 
you'll see a unicorn before you see a DC CCW
I'm one of few who does have a Conceal Carry Permit for Washington DC.  Message me if you have questions.
Shit but who am I going to call if my wifi goes down? I heard Barron is great with the computers. 
Ahhh shucks ...:Joffrey and ceresci won't be coming 

Jk  
Well, Trump thought that he could commute to the White House on weekdays from New York, so obviously that's just another detail that wasn't planned for in the case that he actually won.

Glad that we the tax payer are going to be paying to protect and upgrade Trump Tower though... there's a real good use of that infrastructure money.
[deleted]
Honestly, if I were him I wouldn't want my wife and kid cramping my style either, especially if I had some smoking hot world leaders over for some international relations. If you get what I mean.
Yay
I really can't get worked up about this.  The kid's in the middle of the school year.  They'll probably reevaluate over the summer.  Yes, most kids move here, and some kids thrive - especially at a place like Sidwell, where they have classmates in similar situations.  But some kids don't.  And if, as many have speculated, he's on the autism spectrum, that would make things more difficult.  Yes, I'm concerned about the additional cost, but I also think they have the make the right decision for their family.
Why is this an issue? It's a parenting decision not a political one. Why not worry about the issues that affect you?
wouldn't it be something to make thaat sand chamber into a wonderful
facility.  

Also put little shops into the sand silo's...

> When an ABRA investigator in March asked the company’s owner, Iraj Askarinam, for proof the business complied with its food sale requirements, Askarinam “pointed to a pile of guest checks located on some dining tables.” 

I'm shocked, shocked to find out that spaghetti garden has no proof people are actually eating spaghetti there.  I have lived in DC for more than 15 years and have yet to meet anyone who has actually eaten food there (or knew they served food).
I am shocked. 
$30k doesn't even seem that crazy, but losing their liquor license for 30 days is huge. 
> The exact use of the building that Hall McKnight designed is a little unclear, but it will be used as some type of campus space.

As a Gallaudet employee, holy crap is it unclear...
Quick glance on DCMetroHero --major delays in both directions (avg: 20+ minutes) .. right now at 6pm, they are running trains outbound, so nothing into DC is operating/moving
UPDATE 6:10pm -- Normal two-track ops resuming, but major delays remain (and will for a while)
~~Weather & Traffic for Old People~~ Which Thanksgiving Open Places?
i would bet most chinese places. My family is skipping turkey this year and going to one of those mega chinese buffet places to my chagrin. I don't like turkey all that much on I will miss not having the ultimate combo (turkey, mash, stuffy, ham) on Thanksgiving :(
Some more up here - http://patch.com/maryland/bethesda-chevychase/16-restaurants-open-thanksgiving-dinner-bethesda-area 
>If you look at the map closely, the most obvious concentrations of "Neighborhood Enhancement Areas" (where change is encouraged and expected to take place) are in Wards 7 and 8.

Yeah, but what even is a "Neighborhood Enhancement Area?" It is clearly not commercial amenities or public amenities, because those are otherwise marked on the map.

Must mean: "Buy and flip houses here."
Look confused and said, "dude, i was born in new jersey..."
And then it was awkward because they were stuck on the train together for 5 hours while EMS folks cleared a fire/they waited for single tracking to work itself out/whatever other horrible things happen on the Metro.
I'm a Muslim guy who lives in the area. The best thing you can do is just verbally speak up if you ever hear someone using this type of language. Just something as simple as "Hey ... Shutup" to the offender would go a long way. 
If you see something, SAY SOMETHING.
"How do you handle a situation like that?"

1. Tell the person to get bent.

2. Laugh at them.

3. Wink at them.

4. Grab them by their pussy/penis and say "I OWN THIS THIS IS MINE NOW WELCOME TO TRUMP'S AMERICA"

5. Ignore them. (Most effective)

This makes me want to take metro again, just to scream at this fucker.

I am not some petite woman in a hijab.

I am not a guy worried about upsetting racial harmony further.

I am not wiling to agree to disagree.

I am a 300 lb Irishman with anger issues who remembers "Irish need not apply" and willing to make an issue of this sort of thing.
I'm really worried that the number of incidents like this is going to go way up when people come from out of town for the inauguration. I have this vague idea about organizing a group of people to ride around on the metro on Inauguration Day just to be there in case something like this happens. I wonder if that would be effective.
The increasing amounts of racism and hate in this era is very disturbing. 
Maybe instead of safety pins we could start wearing traditional Muslim attire.  Or dress like Sikhs.  The people who are doing the harassing wouldn't know the difference.  
Fake
I feel like the media is working overtime to report on every unpleasant one-on-one interaction in the country.

Yea, if this is true then it sucks, but why do I care about one guy being a dick? Even showing 20 of these stories in a row is anecdotal evidence, not proof of a trend or systemic change in our country.
http://www.americangraduatedc.org/volunteer-database-list

There's also a place up in adams morgan that used to need ESL teachers...gimme a sec on finding that one.

Ok, this isn't that place, but they say they need tutors:

http://www.layc-dc.org/get-involved/volunteer/

I had an ex that volunteered with Higher Achievement and really liked it.  
Project Northstar up in Columbia Heights is pretty good! 
Http://www.littlelights.org in southeast
It's a two day work week for me. Gotta love Thanksgiving week, working in education.
First time in about 10 years that I don't have Black Friday off. I will be one of three people in my dept on Fri since I just started and don't want to use a vacation day.
Off this whole week, leaving town tomorrow for turkey day with the future in-laws.
I'll have Black Friday off for the first time in a few years. That's nice. 

The VRE train in front of me broke down and we had to push them for almost my entire trip. I didn't get to the office until 10:30, nearly two hours later than I should have been there. 

Then again, I usually take the train that broke down instead of the one I ended up on so I saved time overall. 
Wind gusts. Raking=done!
1. My mechanic didn't charge me to help me get my window closed (due to broken power window motor). I'll bring the car back later for the fix.
2. Got to chill with my little brother today, that was nice.
3. I'm currently still in the office preping a software demo. I'm having a lot of fun with it through.
Most appliance delivery companies will park illegally in front of your house in the most obnoxious way possible. I see this around Dupont all the time. 
No joke....can accept delivery on the street and have some of your tough friends carry it up with you. That's what I did.
They will just block the lane then unload, probably will take less then 10min. Happens all the time.
you can get official restricted parking signs from the police, but there is a procedure, they need to be posted three days in advance, you need to notify DDOT so they can photograph them as official, then you can 'ask' MPD to ticket and tow, but, they don't often do that...

What you want is to hire 2-3 burly guys, to be there, and help hump that thing up the block
I'll come drink and talk to people.
You mean a band? Burlesque show? Sword swallower? Balloon-animal-making guy? 
Don't hire a stripper...

Especially don't hire male strippers.

but you may want to hire Morris Dancers.
I'll do it
I attended a small-ish event once where the organizers brought in the [Capitol Steps](http://www.capsteps.com/live/). It was a lot of fun, but I've no idea about cost or availability ... 
Naked Twister
In the Christmas season, every performing artist/group in DC is hunting for this kind of gig. 

People in this sub can give you some ideas, but to give you *good* ideas, we need a few more details:

-- Timing: Daytime or evening? Weekday or weekend? 

-- Location: Downtown/core city DC or elsewhere? If the latter, what area/neighborhood?

-- Performance type: Are you looking for a performance that people are going to sit and listen to? Background music to liven up a cocktail party? A dance band? Comedy? Etc.

-- Venue type: Is there a stage? A riser platform? Can musicians plug into a house sound system or do they need to bring all their own gear? How much time is there to set up/take down before and after the public event? 

-- Money: Give us a ballpark entertainment budget if you can. 
[deleted]
[It's a house centipede](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scutigera_coleoptrata). They're harmless, and they actually eat other bugs.
These little guys are fantastic predators. They can easily kill spiders, wasps and pretty much any other insect that comes their way. While not native to the US, they have become naturalized and are commonly found in homes. They need a moist environment to keep from drying out and so are commonly found in basements or other moist places. 

At first, they gave me the screaming heebie-jeebies, but now I'm in awe of their speed and hunting prowess. Their latin name is almost onomatopoeic:  [Scutigera](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scutigera_coleoptrata)
The infamous east coast land shrimp
You had to create a throwaway to post a picture of a centipede? Of all the bugs you could have in your house, this is one of the most innocuous. 

I hope for your soul you never get camel crickets if this centipede is freaking you out. 
Oh those things? Those are cat toys! ...well...at least according to my cats. 
Looks like Mike Pence.

I'm new here and we don't have these where I've come from..and it's running all over the place and freaking me the fuck out. What is it?? It's venomous right? Its too big to wash down the drain and it would probably just climb out wet and pissed. Help!
The only issue is that they are a symptom of water problems...   have a look around and figure out where the moisture is coming from... In shower it may indicate it needs to be grouted and caulked,   If you are a renter let your landlord know there is likely a leak some where. If you are a home owner  find and fix the leak.  
#TWO HOLLOW FANGS
That's a Too Many Legs. I suggest smashing it immediately. 
ha, we always called those "bathroom centipedes" as they come up from the drains. creepy mofos.
It's a pokémon! Quick, throw your phone at it!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPRF6LCZsLE
As others have mentioned it looks like a harmless centipede. They are very quick and like damp dark areas. Removing water source would be your first step in getting rid of them.
Lol. Man that took me back to when my wife and I lived in the city.

Said wtf is that?

If your building is like ours these guys are much better than the German Cockroaches, though they do have a pretty mean bite.
Careful, those things enlarge and can devour entire body parts. 
/s
You have never seen a centipede before? You can find them basically anywhere that people live.
/r/whatsthisbug
I used to live in an apartment where these things would show up daily. Took care of them with my swiffer stick.

I also once had one crawl on my bed and on my arm...did not sleep that night and found it the next morning and squished it.
Nice tile
Silver fish.
I go to American University. They are still excavating stuff (mortars and gasses). Camp American University was the largest chemical weapon research plant in the world during its time of use. 
By the time the United States got involved in the war (1917), gas was a normal part of the war on the western front, where US troops would be headed.  It makes a lot of sense for the US to look into the chemicals being used in the war--so they could study how gas disperses via shells, how long before the area is safe, etc.  

The implication here is that there was some nefarious purpose; which there might well have been.  The United States has historically maintained stocks of chemical weapons.  But in 1917, the type of testing they did at American U would have been necessary for protecting American Doughboys being deployed into an environment where gas was already being used on the battlefield by both sides.
And now real estate sales contracts have a special addendum to disclose that munitions have been found in the neighborhood :)
Every now and then we get email warnings of road closures due to resumed "cleanup activity" around campus
It was great having Spanish class cancelled until they told me it was mustard gas leaking out 
Yep, plenty of information about it here: http://www.american.edu/usace/ and here: http://www.nab.usace.army.mil/Home/Spring-Valley/


Spring Valley: America's most expensive Superfund site. I did not realize that they definitively found "Hades." 
The McKinley building on campus has a plaque stating it's where the Army Chemical Corps of Engineers was started. 
I remember driving in Spring Valley and seeing a entire house covered in plastic with guys in full hazmat bunny suits working on it.  I presume they found a cache of the chemicals.  
That front last night that moved in really brought down the color. Nice photo!
Pretty
Great picture!
Beautiful !!! 
Most historic weapons aren't that accurate.
I prefer historically inaccurate weapons, like a musket bazooka. 
Try Gilbert's in Rockville. They used to have a ton to rent. I think the selection dropped a bit when they stopped renting fully automatic guns, but they still have a bunch of stuff.
Blue Ridge Arsenal and Sharpshooters are two NOVA rental ranges, but I don't think they rent Westworld type firearms. Just modern firearms to try before you buy, maybe. 
how far back are you wanting to go?

WW2 is doable:
you can rent 1911s, m1as, thompsons, etc at a few places. SHarpshooters and Blue Ridge being your best bets. 

but most guns prior to WWII fired cartridges that today can only be sourced from europe and tend to be too damaging to backstops at ranges. It's also hard to milk someone for $25 to rent a $100 nagant, enfield, etc.
Not really. My friends have some Mosin Nagants that they only get to fire once a year or so, at the range at Green Ridge State Forest. That's an awful long way to go to shoot a few rounds that you have had to special order from some shady ebay seller in Ukraine, but if you make a weekend of it and go camping/fishing/hiking in addition to shooting it's actually a pretty nice escape.
The Machine Gun Nest in Frederick has a WWII package. 

> During the WWII experience, guests shoot a Thompson and a Sten rifle and receive one magazine for each. Similarly, the MP5 and M4 includes one magazine for each gun. Both packages include a T-shirt and ear and eye protection.
No but if you ask nicely on /r/ShootingTrips I'm sure some nice redditor would help.

Sadly I sold my last and only historic weapon, a soviet 91/30 mosin nagant.
Ask in r/vaguns. Somebody might be willing to take you 
Is there anywhere I can shoot that gatling gun from Westworld?
The people they are asking you to host aren't your relatives? because I'd say no, not because they voted for trump but because I only have one bathroom and strangers in the house are the worst. 
You should remind your parents that this is America, where goods and services can be exchanged for currency. 
Tell them to stay at Trump's hotel.
Tell them they shouldn't be asking for handouts.
They're asking for people to put them up for free? If so, and they're mad that people aren't willing to open their homes, they need to get over themselves. 

If they're willing to pay, they'll find many people who are willing to take their money. 
Tell them to check airbnb. Hundreds of people willing to "host" for a price. 
Are they willing to pay? Just use Air B&B. Plenty of people would let them pay to stay.
My relatives know better than to try to ask me to stay here. Wouldn't matter - we will be housing 5 women who are participating in the march the following day.
Tell them that you wouldn't want the couple benefiting from those evil Washington insiders. Clearly, they should throw themselves at the full mercy of the free market. Also, advise them that it's a dangerous city and that they should do whatever it takes to bring their guns on the plane to protect themselves.
This isn't hard: 

You: Sure, mom/dad, give me a week and I'll ask around.

*Do nothing for a week*

You, the next week: All my friends are already hosting, sorry, I tried.  Maybe check AirBnB?

They are still your family, and it never hurts to be respectful to family. But that doesn't mean you have to move mountains.
I'm originally from a red state and I'll be going back for Thanksgiving. I've only talked to my dad about politics a few short moments in the past few weeks (I've avoided as best as I can), but he's all for Trump and I can tell he wants to scream it from the mountain tops. He's been trying to interject his political opinions as much as possible. I'm strongly considering calling either my mom or dad before I go back to visit and making everyone agree not to talk any politics at all. I don't want to argue about Trump, I just want to eat a bunch of food, drink beer, watch football, and spend happy time with my family. Not super relevant to what you were saying but I still wanted to say it haha.
Treat them to "cheese pizza" at Comet Ping Pong. 
Tell your parent their friends should stop being takers and pull themselves up by their own bootstraps.
I hear there are a lot of vacancies at the Trump hotel. I'm sure it will offer some HUGE discounts for the inauguration.

I believe they're already offering a special rate for alumni of Trump University, so your family's friends will be in good company.

I was so proud when I heard D.C. voted 94% democratic. Only slightly less proud of my home state, MD, for voting roughly 70%. 
Hell No. I will not be hosting any Trump voters. 
But I am also staying home, and generally do not like house guests. 
These people are out of their goddamn minds. That's the stupidest most inappropriate request I've ever heard. I would tell them "sure, not problem", then leave town for the weekend and turn your phone off so they're stuck in the street.

Among the things included in "giving republicans a chance" is not hosting your crackpot relatives who voted for a fascist dried up orange peel for President.
Tell them to get bent.
Is this really what we've come to?  If this is how we react then we **are** just haters.  Is this what it means when we people say, "Love Trumps Hate" - that we hate, ridicule, and revile people who disagree with us?  Wow.  I understand not liking the man, but how about appreciating the peaceful transfer of power.  In the words of Toby from West Wing, "This.  This is why they don't like us."
Maybe you should suggest the new trump hotel at the post office pavilion
Word out on the street amongst DC's high school kids: come that weekend, if there's a car parked on the street with red state tag and doesn't have like a clinton or obama bumper sticker on it, it is gonna get fucking rekt. Their words not mine.

If you own a car period, might not want to park next to a red state car on the street...
>dealing with similar experiences?

their parents asking them for a favor?
sounds really rough.
Air bnb 
I'll host. $500/night to sleep on the couch.
I think what you should do is turn them away because they have a belief that is different than yours and voted for a man that is full of hate. Then, I would create some reddit posts about how people need to be more open minded and accepting of all beliefs and how much you hate Trump. That seems to be the standard operating procedure now.
[removed]
[removed]
Nope. Proudly hosting my parents, and we contacted our representative to get tickets! 
You know, a lot of people, just under 50% of the total population that actually voted, voted for Trump. Who cares? It's 4 years and you get a mid term election in between. Can anyone here actually point to a specific time that the Bush administration or the Obama administration actually directly impacted your day to day life? Directly, not some Kevin Bacon 6 degrees. No. You can't. Because our government is layers of bureaucracy and spends 95% of their time screwing around or bloviating on TV. Just have a beer, get over the self importance complex everyone has, and relax. No one here in DC, on Reddit, on this subreddit, is important or changing the world. Just go do your thing, buy your neighbor a drink, and get over the fact that your selected jackass of the two jackasses didn't win the competition. It's important, but it's not that important. Live a life already God Damn 
You were being a dick
Looks nice without the scaffolding, doesn't it? :-)
I was at the same stoplight it looks like http://m.imgur.com/a/KKmmk
Fucking symmetry. Beautiful.
that's where you eat lunch
Beautiful! Thank you for sharing this! 
My usual lunch spot ;-), very nice pic
I took almost the exact same photo a week ago from the same spot but it didn't look nearly as great as this. There was a homeless guy hanging out and I loved the dichotomy of him in the foreground with the capitol in the back 
What intersection was this taken from?

The only place where this angle is possible at a stop light is southbound on [North Capitol Street at Louisiana](https://www.google.com/maps/@38.8952642,-77.0090906,3a,75y,180h,74.19t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sCCQwneJzPEY3j2meAVo42g!2e0!7i13312!8i6656).   I must say, I'm amazed that you got a clear shot from that distance.
Please don't use your phone while driving. If you were a passenger in a vehicle driven by someone else this is a good job though.
You'd be insane not to hold off and rent it out.  

You ought to be able to make enough to cover the last half of December and all of January.  Probably your rent too.  

Just browse Airbnb for prices, but from what I've been seeing for a private room, $500/night ought to be doable, with a multi-night minimum.  

Near the Capitol should be a major selling point since if it's like prior inaugurals there's a good chance traveling by foot will be necessary.

EDIT: The CHEAPEST Airbnb I see close to the Capitol is $650 a night for a 17th - 22nd stay and that's for a private room.  If you vacate too, entire home rentals are $1000 a night. Might be worth spending a week travelling - or alternatively find a buddy you can crash with in exchange for a cut.  
Sounds like Airbnb would be the best fit for that. Just list it as a private room inside an otherwise occupied home. For the inauguration, I don't think people will mind that as much as they would on a more intimate vacation.
Request a large deposit
Look at hotels, not Airbnb listings (many of which range from overly optimistic to delusional), for compatible prices. For example, the week of Jan 19-22 you can stay in:

Embassy Row Hotel ($619), Capitol Skyline ($666), Kimpton Palomar ($709), Holiday Inn Capitol ($699), Renaissance Dupont ($699) and that was just the first page on Kayak and only downtown hotels that can easily get you down to the mall on foot. 
I'm visiting until the 28th, I'm a software developer and business owner from Denmark. I'm up for a cup of coffee and a chat about nerdy stuff.
[DCJS](https://www.meetup.com/DC-JavaScript/)

[Coder/Designer Keggers](http://www.meetup.com/CDK-Coder-Designer-Keggers/)

[DC Python](http://www.meetup.com/DCPython/)

[Cap-Area .NET](https://www.meetup.com/CapArea-Net/)

[DC Metro Devs](https://www.meetup.com/DC-MS-Devs/)

Edit: There are also a ton more meetup groups, just search meetup.  Also, General Assembly might be another place to look if you'd like more structure (costs $ tho).

If you are willing to make the trek out to Virginia, there is a great group called [NoVA Code& Coffee](http://www.meetup.com/NoVA-Code-Coffee/). It's a group of people that meets up on Saturday mornings to code.
Do a search on meetup.com there are tons of meetups around....Also checkout events hosted by 1776 or General Assembly. If you're a minority there's also a number of organizations that host networking or classes specifically targeted towards specific groups.
If you want to learn a bit about where different skills sit in the tech industry overall, I would recommend checking out [DevOpsDC](https://www.meetup.com/DevOpsDC/).
by DC do you mean people everywhere? 
Play chicken.
I just started working in Georgetown. I shoulder check the fuck out of people every day on M St. 
I notice it with families a lot; mom, dad, three kids all pile out of somewhere and proceed to spread across the entire sidewalk in a line. I also play chicken with them (short woman--but i win) or simply thread my way thru the middle of them if i'm coming up from behind.  I never slow down. :-)
ever been to a shopping mall?

If I see this coming up I just stop dead. Make them walk around me. Way more satisfying to cause them to adjust course.
[The sidewalk's for regular walkin!](https://frinkiac.com/gif/S07E01/408624/412961.gif?b64lines=VEhFIFNJREVXQUxLJ1MKIEZPUiBSRUdVTEFSIFdBTEtJTkcsIE5PVAogRk9SIEZBTkNZIFdBTEtJTkch)
Walk on the right side of the sidewalk. 

I quite enjoy the mini games of chicken played with such people. Especially when they realize that I'm not going to move out of their way. 
This happens anytime I go running during the day (I'm normally a before 6am guy).  Yes, I get mad, but I have to realize that each person that I'm getting mad at is an individual, not that last person who impeded me a block back.  As a result I have become brutally polite ("Pardon me!"  "On your left!" "Excuse me!").
Has it worked?  For the most part.  The downside is that people still get startled when a stranger says "Pardon me!" Behind them.

Honestly, if it wasn't for the endorphins I'd probably be angrier about it.
They know how, they just don't give a shit.  It's not just about sidewalks, it's life in general.  Didn't you know it's all about ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME?
In most of the US, walking is seen as a leisure activity because of how completely impossible it is to go about your day-to-day life without driving everywhere. I suspect that when these people go to a city like DC or NYC, it doesn't completely click for them that a lot of the people they see on the sidewalk are actually walking as a primary means of transportation and are actually going somewhere.
The thousand yard stare usually gets people to move because they think you're not paying attention to where you're going.
Agreed. If it is one person walking in the middle looking at their phone I go nuts-o! 
[removed]
Sometimes you just want to walk next to someone and you're the huffing and puffing passive aggressive asshat. You can always jump the curb and chance the street. You're an adult. Not the same rules as the street or the escalator. 
Where the hell are all these women going to stay?  Inauguration weekend is already a clusterfuck.
>demonstrate our disapproval of the new president and his values 

that's it? a million people marching to "demonstrate disapproval." Protesting without an endgame is pretty pointless.

Whatever, as long as they don't block the bridge..

edit: Park services says there are no pending requests for a permit.
so this is probably not gonna happen
Sounds like a lot of ladies bought non refundable tickets to DC for a President who did not win. 
Soccer moms are pissed.
Are they protesting all of the women who voted for Trump?
[removed]
>Affordable and near a metro that is.

You mean like parking *at* a metro station?

>Or is it commonly allowed to stay parked at your hotel as long as you checked out that morning?

If the hotel has a phone number I bet someone could answer this question much better than internet randos. 
Just drive.  

The black Friday crowds will be near Tyson's, Pentagon City, and far NW DC.  Not near the Cemetery, Iwo Jima, or any of the DC attractions/museums along the mall.  

For much of DC (feds generally) Friday is a work day - though many take it off.  Traffic will be light (but meters and zones enforced for parking purposes.
there are parking garages located next to the Ballston MU Metro station  http://www.wmata.com/rail/station_detail.cfm?station_id=99 but frankly if the hotel allows you to park in their parking lot, that's a cheaper option
Which best western? If it's the Rosslyn/Iwo Jima one, just park on the street in front (Fairfax Dr). The meters are 12 hours, can be paid by credit card or app, and keep you within a short walk to Rosslyn metro. 
Check with your hotel. From experience, they let you keep the car on the property for that final day. 

If they say no, Courthouse in Arlington has plenty of parking in the garage where the county offices are.  
Just ask the hotel if you can pick up your car afterwards. They may let you stay. 

If not, then either Union Station or the garage at the Ronald Reagan building on 14th street is your best bet for parking unless you find a deal on parking panda or something. 
Which Best Western are you at? If the Rosslyn one, that's a quick metro ride. If Pentagon, that's a ways away from Metro, although there are some bus lines nearby. I think the Pentagon one may let you stay no problem (check with them), but the Rosslyn one -- given its location -- may not. But the dude who said call the hotel is right.
Ohio dr Washington dc has tons of free parking for up to 3hr. Also a few tucked parking lots. Right near the monuments. You can get away with parking in Georgetown neighborhood for up to two hours for free too. Up on Wisconsin ave in some of the Glover Park neighborhoods you can find a few strips of free no limit parking and bus around. If and when you move your car to repark (make 2hr into 4hr) you have to move it several blocks away if you decided to repark in the same area they will ticket you per district not road.

If you value your sanity I would stay away from Tysons on Black Friday morning... arrive later in the eve.
I live here, and now actually outside the city, and don't have a car. You'll be fine. 
Honestly I think it's a better idea to come without a car than with a car.
I live here, and I do not own a car. DC has a public transit system called metro. The city is also very walkable. I also agree it is better to come here without a car than with one. DC parking is often too cryptic for tourists, they get tons of tickets and often get towed.


We only usually use a car for groceries and errands outside the city.  You don't need one for a visit.
That's fine
I think it'll be a lot easier without a car, without having to figure out where to keep it and where to safely park it. If you're not from DC or another large city, it can be hard and time consuming to deal with this.
if you have a smart phone get some cool apps.
DC Metro Transit, Citymapper,  Nextbus...

There are other good ones.

The city has a great bus system and a wonderful
subway (When it's not on safetrack)...

maybe get a Cabi Bikeshare membership too for a month.
Totally fine. Uber, metro, bus, bike, foot -- you'll be set.
DC has excellent public transit, and is easy to walk around, making a car somewhat pointless. In fact, bringing a car as a tourist will be a huge headache because you'll waste time finding parking.
Don't get a car. 
That's fine. I don't drive at all, and I live here. 

Walking/metro/bikeshare/uber will get you pretty much everywhere worth getting to.
I'm going on 3 years without a car. You'll be fine. 
If you are exploring within metro-DC, then you won't need a car.  

If you want to visit Mt. Vernon, go to Spa World in Centreville, take a sail in Annapolis, or get crabs in Baltimore then get a car for the day.
So long as you are staying in the city or somewhere near a metro line, you'll be fine.  
Good idea. You also have extensive public transporation (bus and train), a large bikeshare system, and regular taxis in addition to uber.

Plus the layout of most of the tourist sites is set up so that once you're downtown you're better off parking once for the day rather than driving around.  
As long as you stay near a metro station you'll be fine. 
Cars are really only useful in DC if you plan to leave the city. Otherwise you have to put up with our legendary traffic (among the absolute worst in the nation) and attempt to find parking (often shockingly scarce or exceedingly expensive). The few people I know in the city with cars either drive them infrequently or else have jobs far out in the suburbs. 
Friend of mine came up for a week and rented a car for that time as I live about 20 minutes south of DC.  He just found that easier
Blacks fled the south for northern cities after the Civil War in the "great migration."  DC was the first large, non-southern city they hit.  In the 50s white folk fled the city proper for the suburbs, increasing the percentage of blacks in the city and white in the suburbs.  Economic and systemic factors such as redlining kept blacks from following out to the suburbs.  So that's why you have a black city and white suburbs.  Now whites are moving back into the city, and just in the past fews years diluted the city to the point where it was no longer majority black.


Recent immigrant waves have tended to concentrate more in suburban than urban centers.  There is also a bit of government policy going on too, with affordable housing being concentrated in select areas.  So you end up with major hubs of Central Americans in bits of South Arlington for example - immigrant groups tend to clump together combined with a nudge from government policies that reinforce this tendency.

For Asians in NOVA - it might also be due to immigrant clumping, the big Vietnamese hub in Fairfax stands out having formed in the 70's.  Similarly there are a few big Afghan clusters following the 80's.  

My suspicion however is that most of the Asian NOVA population is driven by school choice.  DC schools are still by and large dysfunctional.  I would wager that the Maryland suburbs around DC also show a disproportionate number of Asians.  For a variety of reasons, Asian clustering follows school performance more closely than other ethnic groups.
Realize also that the % of African-Americans in DC has actually fallen about 20 points since the 1980s.  
Why not compare to MD counties?
This is not exactly accurate. I am not sure where you are getting your data. 
DC for example: 
White Alone: 44.1%
White Non-Hispanic/Latino: 36.1%
Hispanic or Latino: 10.6%
Black or African American: 48.3%
Asian: 4.2%
Two or More Races: 2.7%

Source: US Census.
The point being is the data you are citing is off. 
Are you really asking why the city's demographics are different than the suburbs?
Consider years of policies and laws that either benefit one group of people or discriminate against another. The laws of DC and Virginia are and have been pretty different, with Virginia being quite conservative until very recently.
Northern Virginia is only recently diverse. It was very much JimCrow/traditional southern state up until the 80s. 

DC was less segregated (though even diplomats from Africa had to deal with stuff for a long time). 

In addition to White Flight there was an asian flight to the suburbs as well. DC's Chinatown was never that big to begin with anyway so a lot of people just came directly to the suburbs rather than DC. 


The reporter is doing one article per week on a DC neighborhood. This is the first of the 3/4 that I actually read but they've all appeared to be light on specifics but overall positive.
1% of high school students met standards in math, verse 11% district wide.  Wow.  Those high schoolers are approaching innumeracy
Any links to the other articles?
Emu flew the coop, police wing it, and catch with an ostriched arm caught the bird in a hand. 
Juggalos and Emus. what a weekend for this sub. 
Jeez I guess I gotta buy gloves before it gets too cold 
Ha, popo with the puns #emusing
[Just a friendly reminder that there are various spots around DC in front of police and fire stations that are intended to be used to make safe transactions for things like this](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/local/public-safety/police-creating-safe-exchange-zones-to-keep-craigslist-deals-from-going-bad/2015/11/02/a05d2f0c-7e57-11e5-b575-d8dcfedb4ea1_story.html)
I bought snowpants off craigslist several years ago. The seller wanted to meet on the platform in metro center to make the exchange. When she first proposed it I thought it was weird but whatever, but when I went to meet her I realized what a smart idea it was. Crowded area, lots of people (i.e. witnesses or maybe even backup) if the person she was meeting turned out to be malicious, not to mention security cameras and possibly a police presence. 

I haven't bought anything off CL in a while, but next time I do, I'm doing the trade on the metro during rush hour.

EDIT: Just read the article. Glad the police have created these safe zones for making trades as well.
SO fucked up- he was just trying to kill that guy. If he just wnated to steal the shoes it would've been easy as fuck. This piece of shit actually was planning on murdering a complete stranger. 
I remember this dc 
I would have been freaked out when the friends were standing there like that.  If people stand around with that kind of space between them you are about to get jumped or worse.  
Whenever I deal with people on CL, I always make them text me so that I have a cell # in case there's any craziness.  And that's just for really cheap household crap for like $50; nothing that any gangbanger would be interested in stealing.  Anything like that and I'd def. do it outside a police station. 
Holy shit that's nuts that guys gut reaction to swipe the gun probably saved his life. The optimist in me hopes the shooter was just going to fire "warning shots" or something. Sadly I don't think that was the case and we just witnessed attempted murder. 
Hate to say it but this guy put himself out there.  Who meets up for a craigslist transaction off the beaten path in SE, by themselves, with 200$ shoes, dressed like a clown? He was asking to get robbed. 

Edit: Why downvote?  It seems to be common sense. I remember this D.C. as well. There's certain shit that just isn't a great idea.  
I hope they catch these thugs and charge them with attempted murder. 
DC gives you a $500 subsidy to install a security camera? Nice

It sucks that people are willing to kill you over a pair of shoes. Not even the car... just the shoes... But I can't say I'm surprised. The white guy in the video probably thought he was "in" on the hip-hop culture and strikes me as a Jamie Kennedy type with the matching red shit. What a bunch of clowns.
[removed]
What a sad state of decay our city has fallen into. 

Perhaps it's more accurate to say we've *remained* in a state of decay.
There's one up in Rockville on Wednesdays and Sundays. There's also a small private one at Sidwell but you gotta have an in on that one.
What nova floor hockey have you found?
maybe start one?

[There's a white nationalist conference at the Reagan building today](https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/protests-expected-as-white-nationalists-meet-in-dc-saturday-and-celebrate-trump-win/2016/11/18/2b495d02-adaa-11e6-977a-1030f822fc35_story.html?tid=pm_local_pop), with a number of affiliated events around town this weekend. 

So, lots of skinheads, lots of protesters. Should be fun when the bars close tonight. 



Yes. There's a meeting of the National Policy Institute (don't be fooled by the name. They're a white nationalist group). A bunch of alt-right people and Stormfronters are gathering together. 
The inauguration is going to be a disaster. 
Were they going bowling?
Got lost on the way to the White House?
Where they searching for Kyle? 
My sister lives in Harrisburg, PA and it was snowing tonight.  
if it's all fire trucks, any Fire calls downtown are big.

High Rise fire call they always respond with 3 to 4 alarms at the start.

They need a lot of gear at the beginning, and then roll extra alarms if it's serious
You mean ambulances? Fire trucks?
Sounds pretty far away, but at around 4pm I was driving on rt 1 (intersection with glebe) in crystal city.... There was a massive fire behind eads st. The whole hill was up in flames
They were military-style looking "Emergency Response" Vehicles.  I would say at least 3 of those, two ambulances and at least 10 police cruisers and SUVs.
I was sure this was going to be about Trump. 
People are weird 
Wait, you mean he didn't dress up as a woman and do this in Target's women's restroom?
You could try sending an email to the person, if they are a university student.  http://www.howard.edu/directory/search/
Why not give it to the police? 
found the ID of a student at an HBCU? Lemme ask a predominantly white subreddit, see if he's there. 
So all this was captured on video and apparently cops never called and no police report filed? According to the channel this guy is a firefighter? What the hell is going on here?
:(

Everyone in DC has packages stolen all the time, it's frustrating.  

Or bikes, lord all the bike thefts.

One time I had over a hundred dollars of sex toys stolen.  I still smile thinking about how that guy must have felt opening the box.  
X-Post referenced from [/r/videos](http://np.reddit.com/r/videos) by /u/TheRealLemon  
[Guy confronts package thief](http://np.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/5dsbyb/guy_confronts_package_thief/)
*****  
  
^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot. ^^I ^^delete ^^my ^^negative ^^comments. ^^[Contact](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=OriginalPostSearcher) ^^| ^^[Code](https://github.com/papernotes/Reddit-OriginalPostSearcher) ^^| ^^[FAQ](https://github.com/papernotes/Reddit-OriginalPostSearcher#faq)
[/r/videos discussion](https://np.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/5dqzo0/man_steals_packages_outside_of_house_is_caught_on/)

No idea who this vlogger is, but thought you all might want to see the video.
If you have ever lived in the hood then you would know he is laying down the law to this packaging thief. See odds are the thief also knows other bums and lowlifes that steal your stuff. He put out a warning and now that thief will either target him more, which I doubt, or never ever go back to his house. Also that thief will tell all his buddies. This guy probably just made the crime drop on his street. That thief will brag about his confrontation and then warn others that the street is on video, street smarts.
Maryland plates, but Virginia inspection...ergo driver was first trained in Virginia.
Alcohol must have been involved. This is Maryland to the power of crazy. 
[Yep](http://i.imgur.com/mA6vgC7.jpg) especially when their vehicle affords them limited visibility. 
Ugh, I accidentally did something like this once. Key word being accidentally.

My car is a stick shift and I forgot to set the parking brake. Came back and my car had rolled back to where it was only half in the spot similar to this. Could have been a lot worse of course but boy did I feel like a jackass.
Did you pee on it?
WMATA usually lists gate times: http://www.wmata.com/rail/parking/parking_detail.cfm?station=80

For Greenbelt, they only collect parking fees from 9:30-1am. Gates are (in my experience) left up outside those times.
>Shortly after the questioning began, a protester spray painted Youcis’ hair. Minutes later, a fight broke out, as protesters appeared to have attacked the photographer. Police had to break the fight up, and the photographer was left with a bloody gash on his forehead.

productive...


Can people not tell when they are being baited?

https://twitter.com/TheeCurrentYear/status/800068505286639616?lang=en


Anti-fa in europe : actual hard @sses that are violent and not to be tangled with. Funded by the governments themselves and still pretends to be "anti establishment" when they are in reality 100% establishment.

Abti-fa in the US: rich kids who couldnt take or throw a punch to save their lives. Funded by parental trust funds and also as establishment as they can get...

But both are trying to invoke violence and disorder thru these things... they are not trying to "bring awareness" and they were not "baited" into acting this way. 
At home? Generally people want to drink when watching football. Why would you put your kids into a bar environment, and why would you subject fellow patrons to shrieking children for multiple hours?
DC is a big place.
Chuck e cheese
There's a video out there of a very drunk, obese white guy screaming the song "Get Low" on a Green Line train. On mobile now so I can't grab the link.

EDIT: Here's the link: https://youtu.be/65xiTGSSVcg
saw a bum take a dump on the stairs of the national portrait gallery at 8am
Did not personally witness it - but always found this story amusing - Crack is Whack (NSFW) - http://keithiskneedeepinmud.blogspot.com/2007/10/crack-is-whack.html

this was posted in the rva sub also, are you using it for something?
Backwards running guy is always a little bit surreal. There is also the bicycle poet. 
Last Saturday night, a (presumably homeless) dude pulled out his eyeball and asked me for money as I left work on K Street.
https://youtu.be/3EQQNZyo9RE
I saw an act of oral sex near Connecticut & Florida. At a bus stop.


Runner up -- does anyone remember the guy with dreads who rants in DuPont Circle? He will scream profane-laden  lectures at anyone and everyone, for literally hours on end. What gets me, is that he's fairly well spoken.
I always enjoyed the dude that walked his pet goat down at the C&O canal when I was younger. 
That lady that was in a tent outside the White House all the time. She was loca in the cabeza 
One time we saw a union member actually doing their job. We eventually landed on firing them, just to play it safe.
It should be a good time. Lights? yes Landover has lights. 
The lots will be packed. Get there early. Dress warm and get drunk
Check the redskins subreddit. Alexis Ohanion sometimes hosts tailgate parties 
Pro tip: warm socks and shoes. You will be on cold concrete and asphalt for a few hours 
Probably closest thing to a pit beef place here would be MGM Roast Beef.
Brookland's Finest has a pit beef sandwich that's good, but I don't know how close it is to "real" pit beef.
Solly's used to have a good one, but I'm pretty sure it's gone since they changed their menu to the BBQ.

There was a place that did just pit beef in Petworth, but I'm pretty sure that closed down. It wasn't very good either. [This was it](https://www.yelp.com/biz/epiphany-open-pit-beef-and-subs-washington)

This is not a helpful post.
beefeater at jason's deli. Its more french dip but they give you a pound of roast beef and au ju on the side. Its pretty good.
nothing even close.
You can shoot straight east from alexandria into edgewater MD and hit the bayside bull. 

they are legit but with more of a redneck feel than chaps.
no strip clubs share the parking lot though 
Honest question, but is pit beef anything more than just roast beef that has been grilled?  

I really like it, especially with liberal amounts of tiger sauce, but it does just seem like normal roast beef with some grill marks.  
WTF is pit beef? /serious
Also maybe just google Brazilian steakhouses in the area? /I am, indeed, useless.
Eastern Market has a diverse selection 
[Analog in Brookland](http://shopanalog.com/) has a huge collection of local DC photographs for sale. Neighborhood stuff, instead of the usual landmarks. 

Just be careful because they have funky hours. 
you're in luck. 
there will be tons of pop-up shopping markets ahead of the holidays.
there are always a ton of photographers etc.
I've got some unique-ish shots of the city/skyline.  Have a look:  http://tylerareber.photography/Landscape/.  Shoot me a PM if you're interested in a print of anything.  
/u/carmonamedina sells cool postcards of dc: http://carmonamedina.com/portfolio/postcards-from-washington-dc/
It's Gallery Place not Galleria.

There are several different bands that play at the corner, but they tend to repeat. So you could try returning and ask them if they have a website.
DO NOT put your house on airbnb that weekend.
>"Nearby Jiffy Lube Live"

Not that I'd be going, but I think it's hilarious to anyone around DC to call Bristow "nearby" to DC.
Oh god I hope NBC4 gets Pat Collins to cover this!!
As a lurker of /r/trashyboners, I welcome this...
the best juggalo pic imo [NSFW]

https://vice-images.vice.com/images/articles/meta/2014/07/30/meet-ratchet-regi-the-ratchet-queen-of-the-gathering-of-the-juggalos-1413242198081.jpeg?resize=*:*&output-quality=75
So I'm totally seeing where they're coming from here.

    Water, Fire, Air, and Dirt
    Fucking Metro; how does that work?
Are there still a million people that listen to ICP?
Is this separate from Trump's Inauguration? 
My friend's sister gave one of them a blow job. She couldn't remember which one. 


That's gonna be difficult to make two trips to DC in the same year. I mean, they should've at least timed it to coincide with many of their trips in January.
As a Detroiter who lives in DC...that. Is. AWESOME!!

I'm no fan of their music, and believe me I've been exposed to it for a LONG time, but something about their culture fascinates me, and the parallels with Trump are there. 

They basically went to all the poor, white, small town folks and said, "it doesn't matter how uneducated, stupid and ugly the world tells you you are, there is a place for you here. Oh- and by the way, I hope you are okay with casual misogyny and pro wrestling."

I really think juggalo's are the poor man's dead heads. 
Juggalo. A word I did not expect to see today. 
I thought it was Jan 20th?
how did they get money to travel?
Why?
AND THE WICKED ELIXIR SHALL POUR FORTH FROM THE FOUNTAINS
Uh....okay then....
I thought this was the onion. Dammit.
This article is dated July 25th. So didn't they mean next September as in two months ago?
Is this really the type of group that can organize 14 months in advance?
Goddamnit. I just moved away from Ohio and now this.
OP you should cross post this over to /r/nottheonion 
So Trump won't be the only person coming to DC who:

* Wears make-up to hide signs of aging
* Appeals to uneducated whites
* Has a very poor understanding of basic principles of science (e.g. climate change, magnets)
* Has a rabid fan base that celebrates violence

What is the point? What are they protesting? I know nothing about Juggalos.
[deleted]  
  shhh
Yo I'm there. Juggalo shit sounds like a wild time.
Jiffy Lube doesn't even allow for tailgating or outside food and beverages = regret.  This will be the first and last time they play that venue.  
lol. LOL. 
Because we haven't had enough bad news lately.
I read the headline to my fiancee, and then had to explain to her what Juggalos are. Once she understood, her immediate response was "ew, no, we're moving."
Dear god, no. 
Can we get these people to all wear Make America Great Again Hats,
all in Black?
Oh lord. The dumb dumb are invading. 
If you're talking about BMX bikes, I saw them gathering in Judiciary Square around noon or 1 pm today. I'm not sure what was going on, though.
Stunt bikes as in dirt bikes and ATVs?  

[It's sort of a thing around here.](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&ion=1&espv=2&ie=UTF-8#q=dirt%20bikes%20site%3Awww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwashingtondc) Kids buy/steal dirt bikes, ride them like maniacs, and get away with it because DC has a no chase policy.  
Sarah at Ballston express waxing is amazing, right off the metro and you can book online
It's a bit of a drive if you live in the city, but if you're in the burbs Doll Wax Salon is by far my favorite I've been to 
I really enjoyed my first wax at Bare Skin waxing :) quick and painless.
European Wax Center in Arlington is one of the only places I've found that uses hard wax.
I go to Silky Smooth in Dupont and have had great experiences with their waxers. They can usually get me in with only a day or two notice and are very quick. In the suburbs, I used to go to a great woman, Varunee, at PR at Partners in Shirlington but they have since closed their waxing portion and I haven't been able to track her down.
I go to Shobha in downtown DC routinely and am very happy with the service, prices, and the work they do. 
Leslie at Capital Waxing! It's right at the Farragut North metro station and has easy online booking. I've been going to her for 6 years and wouldn't go to anyone else. I'm not sure what kind of wax you are looking for, but I've used her for every body part besides eyebrows (no one touches my brows!). 
Fusion at 17/L NW: Debbie is the only person I trust for eyebrows and I've heard Lidia is good with everything.

I like European Wax Center in Crystal City for everything below my face, plus they have a deal where you can buy 9 get 3 free, and pay with a payment plan. They are supposed to be opening a location in Dupont sometime soon, too.
Thanks for the reminder! Gotta start checking Craigslist so I can buy my VPPs in time for 2017. 
Thanks, just applied for mine!
Thanks!
Thanks for this! Was wondering how I could get something for my girlfriend that was more than two weeks.
Shit looks like I need to get my DC license :(
Stupid Ward 2. This is why I voted for Ed Hanlon.
I'm white, but I'm pretty sure if you live anywhere in DC outside of Georgetown/Dupont Circle, you won't be in a "majority white neighborhood". DC is 46% black.
> I just need the diversity of a Black majority 

that's a head scratcher.


you'll be fine anywhere except foggy bottom, NOVA, and the really expensive parts of NW.

Take a look at this interactive 2010 census map: http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/special/nation/census/2010/

Just plug in the zip code and it tells you the ethnic makeup of the neighborhood. 

But as others have commented, the entire DC area is really diverse in general, and all-white neighborhoods tend to be suburban with single family homes. Downtown Silver Spring is much more diverse than Bethesda, with a really big African immigrant (especially Ethiopian/Eritrean) population. There are probably a dozen Ethiopian restaurants within walking distance of the Metro station. Downtown Silver Spring is full of grocery stores/restaurants/shops, so you'll be fine without a car. And be aware that the actual area designated as "Silver Spring" is huge, so make sure your place is near the Silver Spring metro station, not the other metro stations in the Silver Spring area (which are far less walkable). 

But don't rule out DC. You may be able to find something comparable in price to Silver Spring, especially if you don't need to be on the Red Line. 
Also not black but as has been mentioned, you won't have a difficult time finding a diverse neighborhood and your choice will depend primarily on what Metro line is most convenient. Some options with good diversity and amenities that appeal to young people:


Columbia Heights

Shaw

Park View

U Street

NOMA

SW Waterfront

If you let us know what line you'd like to be on we can point you in a better direction and potentially give you neighborhoods with other transportation options (DC has great bus service) as well. 


Hi and welcome to DC! When I was in school (I didn't go to Howard), I rented a house with some Howard girls in the Petworth neighborhood. I noticed other Howard students had been living within that area as well as the Howard/Shaw and the Columbia Heights areas. Now that I'm all grown up (lol), my partner and I bought a house in the Fort Davis neighborhood and there are lots of black professionals here. However, the majority of people here are family oriented (so there are lots of kids), and since this neighborhood is located across the Anacostia River, it's not close to any nightlife things, shopping areas, and whatnot. This side of the river is slowly going through some changes to include things like that... very slowly. However, It doesn't bother me or my partner that our neighborhood has sort of has a suburban feel- we like a little quiet when we get home after a long day at work. But it might bother you a little so I suggest you take a look at the other neighborhoods that were mentioned already- people like us are all over DC. If you want to try to get more info on this subject or if you want to meet more black professionals in the city, I believe there's a Meetup for that. Feel free to pm me if you have any questions :)
Petworth is great and pretty convenient. (I haven't lived elsewhere yet but it should meet your criteria). I live above the Safeway and within a block the metro. 
Shaw / Columbia heights. These two neighbourhoods would fit your needs. 
Largo, Bowie, Mitchellville or D.C. maybe not in a newer building but you can still find decent 4 unit buildings that have been rehabbed.

Don't count D.C. out for decent rents they are there if your credit is decent. 
Young Black professional here - I lived in Bethesda for over a year  (2015-2016 ish) and do not recommend it if you are looking for a diverse area. It was very heavily primarily white when I lived there (and as far as I understand, still is). Its a very safe area and neither I nor my partner (also black) ever really had any issue aside from some microaggressions here and there (e.g. I lived in a luxury apartment building and got stopped once because the new concierge didn't believe I was a resident, etc.) It was kind of a boring area (if you are young) and we never really felt like we fit in. Silver Spring is a much more diverse area if you want to live in the MD suburbs. I usually end up there on the weekends bc there is stuff to do (shopping, movie theater, whole foods, ice skating rink in the winter, etc.) If you are looking for DC proper I second Shaw, Columbia Heights, and Petworth as places that will fit what you are looking for. We ended up buying a place in Petworth and its a much better fit. Definitely recommend it. 
Hmmm. If you don't have a car, I'd recommend Columbia Heights, Shaw, U St, Petworth, Park View, Silver Spring, Navy Yard...really anywhere but upper upper NW. Just go to a few neighborhoods and see if it's what you like. However, most black professionals I know live a bit further out in Alexandria or the nicer parts of PG county.
Sounds like you're looking for self-imposed segregation under the guise of diversity. Luckily though we've been making advances since segregation ended in the 1950s.
I don't understand. Why would the ethnic makeup of your neighborhood be of any concern to you?

I'm not trying to start a debate of any kind, I'm legitimately curious why OP makes these stipulations...
This is a great question to ask at your interview! Most companies will facilitate a lengthy move so what a better place then to ask then during your interview. You can thank me later ;-)
Some backstory- back in 1997 her son officer Gibson was sitting in a patrol car outside the Ibex Club (on Georgia where Missouri turns into Military, it's now a furniture store I think) which used to host a lot of go-go shows.  Some asshole was kicked out of the club and was so pissed that he went around the corner and shot Officer Gibson at point-blank range, killing him.  It was a really big deal at the time.  The city responded by forming a special "liquor task force" that raided bars all over town, and as a result far fewer places were willing to host go-go concerts.
     
Sorry to hear that this is the last dinner she's going to do.
wow, that's very nice
more video from when they surprised her and speech by the mayor and interim police chief: https://www.facebook.com/video.php?v=10154616830245256

(Video from MPD)
http://www.popville.com/2016/11/about-that-giant-balloon-you-saw-over-dc-this-morning-vol-72/
[deleted]
> Maryland and Virginia officials are now publicly siding with Metro General Manager Paul Wiedefeld, who has called for dedicating overnight hours on weekends to a **new, two-year preventive maintenance program**.  

The last part of that sentence I feel is key.  I think I can tolerate as a compromise if we have 1am back for the next two years and continue aggressive maintenance to fix all of the previously deferred maintenance.  There has to be a guarantee however that hours can be extended for special events when needed (on lines not being surged/SafeTrack'd) during this time, and at the end of 2 years we return to 3am.  Any other suggestion DC should hold firm on its veto.
Fuck all of this. I give up. Do what you're gonna do at this point and I'll adjust accordingly. These fucking morons, this fucking system, everything from the foundation up is fucked.

Maybe I'll start taking the bus more. Idk.

...I'm just tired.
If they really needed those shorter hours, why not 2am-11am on Sunday. Seems like a fair compromise. 
So let me get this right, the Va and MD board members don't want late night service but the DC members do. It does make perfect sense. Why doesn't the metro work like other major cities and have late night service in the city core. There's no point in running a commuter rail at 2am.
Metrorail is a hybrid that combines the functions of an urban subway and a suburban commuter rail system.

This is one of the places where we see the built-in structural conflict between those two functions. There's no way to resolve this without pissing off a lot of people and *somebody* coming up with a new revenue source. 

It's gonna get worse before it gets better. 

Hope they like death spirals.
Jesus like, what is the point on spending billions of dollars on track and infrastructure if you're barely going to run trains across it at all?
I mean, what else did anyone expect? It's an unholy hybrid commuter-train/subway that's been stretched to the limit. 
Oh no, interns will have to puke in the back of a cab instead of on a train

Quelle horreur
MPDC gettin' spicy
MPDC's pretty dope for a police force
Yooooooo
I can't quite put my finger on it but there's something discomforting about a police force using memes to enforce the law. 
joocy
I never even know it was possible to use the metro bathroom.
You know you only have the right to access the bathroom under certain circumstances?

The circumstances under which the restroom will be made available to customers are:
A. in an emergency situation
B. for children
C. for customers who are elderly or physically disabled 

The circumstances under which restrooms will NOT be made available to customers are:
A. Department of Homeland Security Alert Level status Orange or Red. 

B. Metro Transit Police Chief determines, based on contemporary intelligence
provided by FBI, DHS, FTA or other agency, of a potential threat to transit
operations.
C. Terrorist attack occurs in the United States or in a country which would
normally raise WMATA’s preparedness levels. 
I've never had an issue asking to use the toilet. Maybe five times this year I've asked, and at some fairly busy stations, and they've been more than willing to unlock it. 
>Over the years, there have been some times when I had to pee at a Metro stop.

pretty weak, bro
Which metro stop?

Depending on your answer, there are probably better pissing options. 
I get why they keep it locked and closed off, could you imagine the shit that you would find if they were open to everyone? Can you say "Soup Kitchen"?

Where exactly are the bathrooms? I imagine they're near the elevators, I don't think I've ever even seen one. 
You can teach yourself. Those bikeshare bikes are really good for this. 


Here's how to learn in one day:


1) Get a bikeshare and put the seat all the way down

2) Go somewhere with a gentle hill and no cars

3) Walk your ass up the hill

4) Point that sucker downhill, sit on the seat, and lift your feet a few inches off the ground

5) Coast a few feet; if you feel wobbly put your feet back down

6) Eventually coast down the entire hill a few times

7) Coast down the hill with your feet on the pedals

8) Coast down the the hill and pedal a little bit

9) Peddle down the hill

10) Peddle on the flat part

11) You've been riding a bike for like an hour at his point you idiot

When I wanted to learn as an adult, I contacted a local group (Potomac Pedalers, but I'm sure there are others, too) and asked if anyone there could help me. Someone met with me a few times and taught me the basics, on a bike I rented from a local store.
I can't answer your question, but as someone who learned as an adult, I'm just going to reassure you that you can do it, it's easy, and it'll be great.

The key is forward movement. Don't try to balance while standing still. The bike must be moving forward to maintain balance.
I learned to ride a bike as an adult with WABA.  Their method was to remove both pedals so that you could learn to scoot and glide without getting wacked by a pedal when you put your feet down.  Once you got the hang of pushing off with both feet and gliding, you got one pedal.  Once you got the hang of pushing off with both pedals, you got your second pedal attached.  Once you figured out how to push off with one pedal, and get your foot on the second pedal before you fell over, you're riding a bike.  All you'd need is a parking lot and a friend with a bicycle.

I can't recommend using a bikeshare bike.  A cruel friend put me on one of those before I knew how to ride, and it's really heavy.  The lighter the bike the better IMO.
Buy bicycle and pads/helmet. Go to open space free of traffic. Try to ride bicycle. 
http://www.waba.org/adult-education/

I should have tried this when classes were available but I'll probably check it out in the spring
REI has How to Ride a Bike classes for both kids and adults. Two hour class - $120. Look up their schedule online. 
If you sign up for the Air and Space museum's movie newsletter they usually give a heads up for when they'll be selling IMAX tickets. I saw Force Awakens there and it was wonderful
rumor is the 28th, offically no one knows yet

http://fansided.com/2016/11/15/rumor-star-wars-rogue-one-tickets-on-sale-november-28/
Nice. Those are things people *need*.
Makes sense to me, we already don't pay sales tax on groceries, and that's bailed me out a few times when I was hungry and literally counting pennies to eat. As a guy, I can't even imagine what it's like to be in a similar situation and having to buy tampons as well. Those fractions of a dollar could mean the difference between going to bed hungry or not for someone. 
Very happy about this. It's not a huge deal for me personally, we make enough that we're comfortable with the expense, but every time I gt to buy diapers it hits me how expensive would be if I weren't so lucky. Anything to bring that cost down is a good thing.
I mean if you're making the changes why not put condoms on that list too?
Probably cause of all those people buying safety pins. 
Highly recommend Wash. Animal Rescue League (now merged with Washington Human Society) and renamed "Humane Rescue Alliance".

I adopted from them earlier this year, and took their basic obedience group class with my handsome hound mix - who looks a lot like yours!
Congrats on your new best friend - and thank you for rescuing a 4 legged beast.

http://www.humanerescuealliance.org/training
Oh man - I feel like you overpaid on dog tax - thanks for all the cute pics!! :) Adorable dog and adorable name. Sorry I don't have a class to recommend. We took our girl to a group class in Arlington at Fur get me not. 
[deleted]
Congrats! [Spot on Training on H Street](http://www.spotondogtrainingdc.com/index.php) and [Humane Rescue Alliance](http://www.humanerescuealliance.org/training) on Oglethorpe St NW offer group classes and use positive reinforcement methods.  I also highly recommend [Your Dog's Friend](http://yourdogsfriend.org/) in Rockville, they are a dog training nonprofit that offers great group classes and free workshops.  
Hey, could you tell us what he needs to be trained on? You could probably do it at home.
Dogbedience. The trainer is a K-9 officer that works in DC, he trained my dog and did a great job. No shock collar training or negative reinforcement, focuses on positive reinforcement and training the owner rather than the dog. He does group socialization classes as well as private one on one, depending on the needs of the owner.

http://www.yelp.com/biz/dogbedience-reston
he's passed out drunk in front of the watergate building.
not joking
I was taking photos of the leaves this morning with my DSLR and this guy asked me to take photos of him for his album cover. He gave me his email address, but I lost it. Can you help me find him? This was around 25th & I NW.
I saw him at the Whole Foods in Foggy Bottom last night.  
I think that's Dave Chappelle 
The person Darius from Atlanta is based on?  
This is the definition of doxxing, FYI
Didn't they get in trouble with the feds for bellying the 1000 series?  Are the 4000 series cars any more crash worthy, or would they also have the same 'telescoping' problem that the 1000 series did?
I thought they were already doing this with the 4000s??  I've never seen a 4000 in lead or tail...they're already always in the middle.  And I could have sworn this was discussed over a year ago when they started doing this with the 1000's.  
Aw, thank you so much for all your work on this wonderful blog, and happy Thanksgiving!
Thanks, Ron!  Happy Thanksgiving.
You should be able to park it on the street overnight without an issue, but neighborhoods have a weird mix of restrictions that vary from block-to-block.  In general there's a two hour limit that goes until 8:30PM (so if you arrive after 6:30 PM you're OK) and no restrictions on Sunday, but if it's in a popular nightlife area parking may be restricted to people only in that neighborhood (there's a few blocks around H street like that).  In general you should be OK, it's not like trying to find a spot in NYC.
This map is a little outdated but https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/viewer?mid=1VAeXchjNnDGTE_aqpyRSAHqDlRg&hl=en&ll=39.0381706261425%2C-76.93399850000003&z=10
Hopefully they'll serve potatoes. 
The real news here is that DCA is getting a Chick Fil A. 
The built a Redskins sports bar out near the facility at One Loudoun I know, has anyone mad the journey to actually try it?
Just throwing this out there... Maybe change the name first...?
Good! bring on the 7000 series! 
Is 4000 the series with the decaying leather seat handles glossy and worn down from decades of greasy fingers, the series with the cozy blocked off corner seat cum late night toilet and newspaper receptacle, or the orange and brown nightmare with windows translucent from the chemical reaction of long term facial oil and fiberglass?
Is this temporary or permanent?
#NewTrain
Good bye 8 car trains.
death spiral 
this guy/gal?

https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/5c1b0y/care_for_a_diversion_here_are_some_small/


If you're interested in something unique maybe not paint https://www.facebook.com/kellydashnerart/ 
How big will this artwork be? Do you have a picture of the wall?  
Depends on whom you want to attend. If its for a cause, maybe reach out to organization that support it or wanna partner then they can forward to their members. Or if you want anyone just check your own connections, or hit up Meetup groups/Clubs/listservs/alumni grousp/networkingevents with large pops and ask their admins. There is also good ol fashion word of mouth
I think I can count the number of people that like to be handed random event flyers on one hand, and even that might be generous. Use social media because those flyers are going to end up in the trash.
It is going to be 45 min daily to Tyson's even with reverse commuting.  Depending on what time you leave DC in the morning, you hare going to see a lot of bumper to bumper traffic just getting out.  I would advice a place in VA.
Somewhere in Arlington 
Fun, safe, and cheap? Pick two and come back to us, because you're asking a lot.
Upper Georgetown or Glover Park.

I commute to Tyson's daily. 30 minutes or less in morning. Evening usually 45 or less. 

Street parking is very doable. Safe neighborhood- I uber to Dupont/Logan circle in a pool for cheap.

Good luck!

Palisades for sure.

15/20 minutes to Tysons, extremely safe, plenty of free street parking, rent is usually in the $1,500 range.  It's not nearly as urban as somewhere like Logan Circle, but it's not strip mall suburbia either. I can walk to Safeway, restaurants, etc. and there are a few buses that go downtown and to the Metro. It's about a $12 Uber ride to Adams Morgan or U st.   

If you're interested I'm selling my condo at a price that would come out to right around $1,500 a month.  DC has great first-time homebuyer programs that can even pay your entire down payment.  Check out the DC Opens Doors program.  
Are you looking to drive or take the metro to work? 
>If I receive an offer, I would really like to be in DC as I would prefer to be in an urban area and not in strip mall hell suburbia,

Speaking as someone with similar tastes but who nonetheless lives in strip mall suburbia don't let the allure of urban living pick a place that is both expensive and a long commute. Despite living where you want you end up with the worst of both worlds in terms of traffic/commute/parking/rent and that limits you being able to enjoy the benefits. 

Meanwhile I miss the ease of walking places on weeknights but having more time to myself at the end of the day because I'm not commuting/looking for a parking spot makes a big difference and it's easy for me to enjoy the city on the weekends. 

Anyway, Alexandria/Arlington/Falls Church (the actual city, rather than the general area) have plenty of walkable/urban areas as well. 
What part of McLane? Is it Tysons? (I'm confused because you say both.) Anyway, I used to make the drive from Eastern Market to Ballston and it was a breeze (maybe 15 min). If you're going to Tysons most of your time will be spent on traffic outside of Tysons, and if expect 45 min of everything goes smoothly. You can drop that time by 20 min or so if your going to the backside of McLane. 
Is the job metro accessible? If so, I'd look into ditching the car, as parking in DC proper can be expensive/problematic depending on the neighboorhood. If you're willing to go carless, I'd look at places in Eastern Market/Capitol Hill, and maybe Foggy Bottom (though that may be pushing the limits of your price range).

Arlington is another good option, though it may be difficult to go carless there. 
People still do PCP? Why? Meth is cheaper and easier to make and it doesn't make you kill people. 
I often accidentally take PCP.
I don't care who you are, that's just sad and terrible. Rest in peace.
eastern market?
(it's not in DC, but if you have a car this weekend:  http://sugarloafcrafts.com/festivals/fall-tour/november-gaithersburg )
Lou Lou in Georgetown is a chain (I think) but does have a lot of cool inexpensive rings and jewelry.

Also, not in DC but Silver Parrot in Alexandria has a lot of unique, reasonably priced jewelry.
Bloom in Dupont
Etsy
hahahahah [this is the best one](https://i.imgur.com/8QzIaJPl.jpg).

###boi 
These are really great photos and props to the students for speaking up about the myriad of topics they are unable to have a voice in (their future).
Here's a civics lesson kids.  Pay attention and vote; this shit is important.
great pictures! what gear were you using?
I'm so proud of my school for doing this.
What were they protesting?  Homework?
I love the picture with the guy holding up the " I Have a Sign" sign
I'm front and center in some of these photos :)
Not only do middle schoolers have no business protesting, who even cares what they have to say? Just go to school, you little shits
did anyone stand around wearing a "Make America Great Again" hat...

If i wasn't so busy, i'd have stood around with one of those
and I didn't even vote for him...


All that protesting and tomorrow he will still be "The President Elect"

go figure an distraction until the next thing comes along..... 
[deleted]
Funny that Hitler youth came AFTER he took power the last time this happened....
How many are coming in from VA and MD and how many are actually DC residents becoming homeless? Our neighbors are well known to send their homeless to DC for our generous services compared to other places in the region.
lots of people are moving in and we aren't allowing enough housing to be built to keep prices stable. 
And the cardboard boxes are 20% more expensive. 
Knew this comment section would be a cesspool. Was right.
Not at all surprising given we're practically the epicenter of the ever increasing wealth gap. And we have a DINO mayor who's very much on board with gentrification. I'm fairly certain the plan to replace DC General was designed to fail, or at the very least defer the problem to a future administration while she continues to placate her developer buddies. 
But... I thought ending homelessness is THE marquee issue for our current mayor?
we need a job guarantee, DC gov't as employer of the last resort.
I got paid $35k for my junior level GA position. I believe that was on the very very low end of things. This was for a trade association.
If you were salaried on the Hill and are moving directly from there to this job, 50% above your Hill salary.  

Ballpark.
29k
non-profit or for a firm?
[deleted]
Opentable.com /I know, I know, I suck...but it's a good site. 
Obviously a tourist?  No.  No, it was *not* obvious!  

Some people live here year round, ya know!!!!
Define mid priced
Random, fun options I like that won't be crazy packed, ~$20-25 per person:

- Fare Well on H Street - vegetarian and delicious. 
- Cafe Mozart - German cuisine near the white house, should be easy to get a table 
- Oenosophia - awesome greek pop-up that opens on weekends
- Station 4 by Southwest Waterfront - gourmet pizzas, good vegetable sides
- Brick Lane - near Dupont Circle.  Nice intimate setting, they take reservations, great burgers but my favorite is the portobella mushroom sandwich 
Depending on the day, L'Enfant Plaza might be a good bet.  It's a big food court with lots of good fast casual options (5 Guys, Moe's, Roti, Potbelly) and plenty of seating.  It's closed Sunday, and gets kind of crazy during the weekday lunch rush, but if you're looking for a cheaper place to accommodate a big group it might fit the bill.
I feel for Seth's parents every time I read something about this conspiracy theory. It has to be hard enough losing a son, let alone constantly being reminded of it through the ramblings of self-interested idiots. Hopefully MPD solves the murder and the Rich family gets the closure they deserve, and we can all move on to the next conspiracy theory. 
According to Trump, our cities are so crime-ridden:

"You walk to the store for a loaf of bread, you get shot."

But to the true believers, *this* murder is different. It just *has* to be a conspiracy.
These are people who think that Obama wearing a bandaid on his finger while golfing means that he's participating in blood rituals. These are people who tell the parents of murdered children that they are liars.
Also given my Facebook fees this election season, it wasn't just the alt right. I have super lefty friends who believed this BS completely. 
HIS NAME WAS SETH RICH
The murder of a young white man in a reasonable part of town without a clue is always a question...
>More than 10,000 people are expected to book Airbnb rentals in the Washington area for inauguration day — a 600 percent increase from 2013 during President Obama’s second inauguration, according to company projections.

This is the lamest statistic ever. Airbnb was barely getting going around Obama's second inauguration. Someone posted a WaPo article here about people renting out their places for that inauguration and the word "Airbnb" didn't even appear once in the article.

So yeah, of course bookings are going to be up infinity percent this time around.
Think it's important to note that a lot of these people aren't coming for the inauguration but the million women protest march.  I'm renting out my house for two nights this way making a killing and taking a free vacation weekend
Fox5 talked about how many cancellations Airbnb was getting since election. That said, I don't want to rent out my place to people excited to go to the Trump inauguration
>[From Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Airbnb#History): By October 2013, Airbnb had served nine million guests since its founding in August 2008. In December 2013, the company reported it had over six million new guests in 2013, and nearly 250,000 properties were added in 2013.

Huh, what a fucking wacky world we live in folks, the service that didn't gain mainstream popularity until mid-to-late-2013 is having their late-2012/early-2013 booking numbers historically walloped, who would have thought???
I feel like most of these AirBnB bookings are actually for folks coming into town for the protests, not the inauguration.
[deleted]
>A recent search on Airbnb’s website turned up listings commanding as much as $10,000 per night for a two-bedroom condo at the Newseum. With taxes and fees, the total for a three-night stay was $36,532.

>A “bright hip spot in Columbia Heights” that generally rents for $90 a night, was listed for a nightly rate of $1,333. With taxes and fees, that would set you back $4,882 for a three-night stay.

>Looking for a bit more space? A “luxury rowhouse” in Logan Circle promises two bedrooms for nearly $2,700 a night.

Why would anyone pay for these? Get a room in a fancy hotel, it'll probably be cheaper.

I looked at the Watergate's current rates for the 18th-21st. The least expensive option for 2 adults is $995.00 a night which is still less than the above.

The Marriott at Metro Center - 1,099 a night

The Mayflower Hotel (1127 Conn. Ave. NW) - $999.00 a night


I bet uber usage will increase between this inauguration and the last one as well.
I really hope that nobody takes this as an opportunity to key a bunch of cars from red states with maga stickers on them. That would be awful. 
What I want to know is who would pay $615 to rent a stranger's bedroom when in the morning, you're going to wake up to her on her couch.  
Can't wait til the alt-right books places in Bloomingdale.  

Maybe after they wander around there at night they'll be a little quieter about their conspiracy theories.
Also important to note that some of the more exorbitantly priced rooms/homes probably won't go for the price they're currently listed as.  
Cool, DC is gonna be clogged with fly-over state garbage that feels entitled to standing in front of the Metro doors and in the middle of escalators.
And I'm letting friends sleep on my couches like a sucker
By definition, a pop-up bar doesn't stay open for very long.
Burned to the ground by brownshirts.
Last weekend, the Barrel space had converted back to their elixir bar, and they had renamed one of the Trump drinks  "Our Fucking Echo Chamber."
> bringing a mezcal-centered anti-Trump pop-up to the former Libertine space in Adams Morgan from Nov. 2 through 8

the mezcal bar is closed.
The Looking Glass still has it's HRC combo as of last weekend.  It's Miller Lite and a shot of something cheap (Jim Bean?).

Before Election Day, this combo replaced the "Gentleman's Combo," which was a Yuengling bottle and a shot of Clontaft whiskey.
This is my favorite question that I've seen here. Were you looking for it recently and couldn't find it?

I want to know the answer now too. Someone must know.
How long ago are we talking about? I used to volunteer there starting around 10 years ago. Don't remember there being any. Sure you arent confusing them with machines that sell those little packs of advil? 
Was there ever a pay phone at that Best Buy?
Does anyone think these cops will actually wind up being convicted of a crime or lose their jobs or lose a civil suit? Yeah didn't think so. 
[deleted]
What about if you don't have time to properly use quotation marks?
Haven't you heard? Only terrorists own weapons, especially in DC.

/s
I heard Georgetown Lutheran Church is having a meal at 6:30 -- for parishioners and anyone else who wants to come. 

Maybe not quite what you are looking for but they serve a traditional meal. 

Happy Thanksgiving! 
I was more looking for a restaurant.  Thank you nonetheless though 😄
ok, walked over there on my lunch break and sneaked in thru the bux; the guards told me that the tower is slated to open early 2017; *maybe* end of december if they're lucky.

and i noticed this time that the entryway of the Starbucks is a wall of those old brass PO boxes; wonder if they came out of the bldg, or if they're just fake for show?
when i  walked past the back of the OPOP the other day, one of the back entrances (by the starbucks, and facing the IRS bldg) was labeled "museum" and another "tower" so i think the answer to your question is "yes."

also, i thought i had read somewhere that the tower wouldn't be back open til early 2017...
It might be open to the public as early as next week.
Yes
Fyi they're also bringing Prime Restaurants as well. If it's in your zip code you see it, otherwise it pumps you over to prime now. Basically a grub hub type of service for Prime users. Saw a business card for it at Barn Side out here in the burbs.

Edit: https://primenow.amazon.com/restaurants
So it works in Springfield, Va but not Silver Spring, Md. Go figure.
Prime Now really saved me when I forgot a few things in the hours before heading to the airport on a long international trip.
Little known fact- if your Prime order doesn't arrive within 2 days you are entitled to a free month of Prime. I've kept my subscription alive for free for an extra four months this way.
I've been enjoying this service for about a month in the burbs. The drivers seem really polite and everything is packed up nicely. 
In Md :(
I'm really psyched about this. Think about it. You could get amazon to just bring you new underwear! So long, laundry!
Maybe Amazon should get into the public-private transportation business that will be quicker, cheaper, and better than WMATA 
woo hoo! when I was in San Diego, we had this. It was great when I got food poisoning, and thought I would die on my bathroom floor after vomiting. Forever alone, in my apartment.

I prime-now'd some pedialyte, watermelon, bananas, and some other things (it has to be over $30). It was a struggle just to get to the front door. 
Has worked I'm Reston for a couple of months or so.
Wow, Amazon prices are way less than my grocery store. Some items are even half off.
Do you get 2-hour delivery option in Amazon.com or you have to go to primenow.amazon.com? 
I was away at a conference for over a week and came home to an empty fridge. Gave Prime Now a try and it was amazing! Prices equal or less than the supermarket, delivered to my door exactly when I wanted. I'm hooked! 
What parts of DC? Silver Spring didn't work as someone else mentioned, but I typed in my work zip code and it didn't seem to work either. I work near Union Station. 
wow - thanks.  
I live in Richmond and this has come in handy when I've been sick to get juice, soup, etc delivered
Murphy's in Old Town has live Irish music. It's a pretty damn good time 
Some of the jazz places on U street could fit the bill. Very DC, good music generally and somewhat adult crowds. 
Fado downtown is pretty safe. They had live irish music like yeaaaars ago maybe still do. Or Madams organ on a weekday. Or just takem to georgetown. 
The Dubliner by Union Station.  It is about as far from pretentious as you get and the musicians I have seen there have been on point.  
There's a few bars in adams morgan that do live music during the week - Columbia Station does jazz, for example - which could be fun.  Tryst also does live music on weekend evenings and has a much more casual atmosphere (mostly couches), but I don't think there's a lot of dancing.
Finish law school before attempting the bar
[Rumors](http://www.rumorsrestaurant.com/) or [Sign of the Whale](http://www.signofthewhaledc.com/) might both be worth considering.
I used [Richard Bianco](http://www.lawrjb.com/) several years ago. His name pops up in the news every now and then (favorably).
Brookland Pint/Meridian Pint, City Tap House, Blue Jacket or any of the breweries for that matter. 
Churchkey won't do set flights, but you can order most drafts by small tasters, and I believe you can do the same at Pizza Paradiso. I believe their Georgetown location has the largest draft selection.
Port City gives you tickets that you can redeem at any time for a pour. You could even take the tickets home and bring them back later. 
Agreed on the breweries. Only been to 3 Stars, Atlas, and Hellbender myself, but they're all worth a visit. Some of the tap rooms have odd hours, though, so be sure to check that out before you commit. 
IMO, the best place is outside of DC, in Hyattsville, at Franklins.
There are bars that serve you flight-sized pours (4 ozs) so you can try almost anything on the menu without being limited to one brewery's beer. Churchkey is the best, but Meridian/Brookland Pint, Glen's Garden Market and City Tap House do it as well. 
Glen's Garden Market does taster sizes too!
and no one is surprised...
Wow. The metro is behind schedule. I'm really shocked.
Say what you will, it needs to be done. 
It's almost like 30 years of neglect is a lot of maintenance to catch up on. They probably found new issues while working on the original ones they found, definitely not surprising.
*If you see something, say something...*

**WMATA:** We got pick pocketed.
Did they not say that they were actually ahead of schedule like a month or two ago?
Fuck.
So we're doing better than realistically anticipated. Good work team.
oopsie:

http://wtop.com/tracking-metro-24-7/2016/11/metros-crumbling-crossties-may-small-begin/


This make me angry. Some of us might have to stay in the city past midnight. Damn it. 


3 months isn't bad...
Indian restaurants often cater for pretty reasonable prices.  

[Indaroma](http://www.indaroma.com/menus/PartyMenu.pdf) caters party trays that feed 70 people for $110-$160 each, so 3 of those (2 veg 1 meat) plus 2 trays of rice and 2 trays of salad would end up being less than $5 a person.   

Also, just curious, but can I ask what sort of event you are planning for 150 people without facilities and with such a small budget?  
Sandwiches, my man (or woman, apologies).  You can make 200 sandwiches easily for less than $100.  Throw in a bag of chips and a soda or bottle of water and you're well within budget there.  Pick up some baggies and the chips/drinks at Costco or whatever and you're golden.  You will need to prep the sandwiches less than a day in advance, preferably the morning before the event, which can require a lot of time and manpower, but it's almost certainly the cheapest solution.
When you say "if it is warm it has to be catered" that means you can't just cook it, bring it in in sheet pans and keep it hot over sterno, right?  If you could, pasta is cheap and easy.  Two sauce choices - vegetarian or meat, tossed salad, bread and butter.  If you aren't allowed to cook it yourself, then you can buy a full pan of penne pasta in good sauce for about $60 for 20 people ($100/20pp for meat sauce or ravioli).  Now, if it only has to be made in a commercial kitchen and brought in (like the pizza delivery) then I have a super cheap idea for you - Taco Bell.  Don't laugh.  Tacos run about a buck per.  Buy some Costco-sized chips and salsa and you have a decent meal for cheap.
Can you use crock pots? Pork shoulder roasts are pretty cheap - grab a couple of crock pots, a couple of roasts, some bbq sauce, and you've got the makings for pulled pork sandwiches. Super easy to do. 
Galley - https://www.galleyfoods.com/welcome
What's your budget for 150 people?

You could easily make 3-4 dishes that don't have to be hot.  Some suggestions:
- Pasta Salad with mozzarella and tomatoes
- Green salad with different dressings and toppings like sunflower seeds and croutons
- Mini-sandwiches with choice of meats... Or even easier, a deli platter and bread basket 
- Veggie platter with dips like dressing and hummus
- Cheese and olives platter with crackers 
- Fruit salad bowl 
- Cookies 

You could have someone cater it as well if you dont want to make food yourself.  Pedro and Vinny's does inexpensive taco and burrito catering in DC.  They're super nice people that have had a taco cart in DC for ~15 years.  They bring it to you.
Taco Bell Grande Meals.  Lots of 'em.
[deleted]
4 Seasons
I own a small spa in Georgetown - I'll send you a pm!
Little further in, there's an Elizabeth Arden in the willard:

http://www.thereddoor.com/locations/willard-intercontinental

Oh, and the watergate:


http://www.thewatergatehotel.com/argentta-spa


Brand new spot opening soon or already open in Georgetown.  It's called Unwind Wellness and they have a very popular location in Adams Morgan too.  I took a tour of the space while it was being built, it's gorgeous.  http://unwindwellness.com/

The Ritz Georgetown has a really nice spa that does massages.  It's not cheap, though.  
Should we Marylanders be worried? Do you think Uber/Lyft would really leave us like they did in Austin? Seems like this would amplify the negative effects that we already deal with from Metro.
Do Maryland taxi companies have to comply with the same regulations when hiring drivers? I honestly don't know but from my experience, Uber drivers are more pleasant and safe while driving compared to taxi drivers. 
Uber is such a bitchy little company. In Austin they threw a temper tantrum and walked because they would not follow a law even pedicab drivers don't have a problem following. 
One more reason to avoid Maryland like the plague.
Jeez we just gave women the right to vote and now they want a museum. Incredulous. 
Please not on the mall. Please not on the mall. Please not on the mall.
If there's an Aretha Franklin room, count me in.
Is NPS still considering using the RFK site as a "2nd Mall"? This would be a cool anchor museum for that project, especially if we manage to elect a Woman president in time for them to christen it.
So one museum for each "protected group," then? That seems to be the logical end point. 
I sure hope they don't build another eye sore like the NMAAHC
Who would ever say they shouldn't have a national museum?

We just have to be a little realistic.. If we are having African American, Latino, Native American and now Women Museum, can rename the regular American History Museum to Man's Museum, or do we need to build a new one for that, and just get rid of the mall entirely? Make it a museum complex!

I also love the justification, either the first president would be elected and you would be encouraged to make it happen as it's now history, or you Trump win and you are now MORE encouraged to make the museum happen.. 
This idea specifically I think is a good one, but I hope this doesn't turn into a "oh now we need a museum for every type of person who ever had their feelings hurt". Obviously some groups of people had it really rough (more than just their feelings hurt), but I hope we don't end up with a museum for the hardships of DC sports.
Can we just acknowledge how great a job this citizen reporter did capturing this scene!  First, it's in landscape.  So right off the bat he's doing everything right.  Then when the fire shoots out the side he doesn't move the camera at all!  Just steady and in frame.  Finally, he doesn't say a word.  No, "holy shit's" "oh my God" "dude's" or any other repeated phrase of disbelief.  It's just us and the scene unfolding.  

It should be the held up as the gold standard in citizen reporting!

That said, if you're this close to a propane tank that could explode or bleve get much farther away.  When propane tanks blow up they can cause a significant amount of damage.  
Good thing it was right outside the hospital. :(
https://www.gofundme.com/funding-the-flafel-guy
what food truck was it?
I like how the green truck just sat there, and moved a whole car length away from a potential explosion. 

This is fine. I'll be damned if I'm losing my spot. 
Should I be concerned with how long it took them to get the hose working? Not a pro here, so I'm just curious. 
That's that sketchy kebab place I think. They always have a secondary cart set up in front. Also, I live/work in a basement a block away. When did this happen?
Prayers for the person who was lit on fire... 
Can we just agree to ignore this so food trucks can continue to externalize their infrastructure costs and ignore workplace safety/compliance regulations? I would hate to have to post lame sit-down lunch selfies on my Insta feed.
Now I'm curious what she was up to. 
It's like people can't disappear and start a new life under an assumed name anymore.
So it was either an extended medical episode... or she's trying to run away from her problems it seems. 
"Whoops wrong bus. Might as well get some grub!"
> A friend reported George missing after she failed to show up at the Eppley Recreation Center on the school's College Park campus for a hiking trip, police said.

From the way she's dressed in that photo, looks she was prepared to go hiking *somewhere*.  
Man, this has been one big case of "missing white woman syndrome." 
It does make me wonder about a bunch of things.  Why did she take a cab from College Park to Baltimore to catch a bus that was passing through DC, when DC is closer?  Why plan a hiking trip and disappear at the same moment you were supposed to meet a friend?  Why not leave a note simply saying you ran away and not to worry?  If she knew the police were looking for her why not contact them just to let them know she hadn't been kidnapped?
I misread the title as "found in Hudson". I was so confused with the "was found alone and safe" until I reread the title. Glad she's safe.
Well, if I was a missing person, I know I'd go to Texas.
Why the fuck is this news
This should be an enlightening AMA.
GOD I hate this shit. How selfish do you have to be to see the news coverage about all the resources you're wasting for your stupid fugue state, and not at least just send a text to a friend along the lines of "I'm k, stop fucking wasting taxpayer money?" What a retard.
They're not gonna grab my pussy!
Honest question, do feral cats provide a benefit to the ecosystem (e.g. kill any significant number of rats, mice, etc.) that would outweigh their killing of native birds and being vectors for diseases and parasites?  

If they do, I'm all for killing this bill, but if they are a net negative to the ecosystem I'm not so sure we should line up to block this bill just because feral kitties are cute.
New to DC. I want to write to my council member about this ASAP. Silly question should I write to all members at large and my ward representative ? 
Well there are and I say that having rescued a kitten in the wild.
Regardless of her associations or policies, at least she actually has some relevant experience unlike an alarming number of Trump's other candidates.
That doesn't seem horrible... I know the teacher unions in DC hated her, but honestly the schools were performing terribly in DC, and the system needed to be reformed. 
This woman is associated with Rick Scott and Kevin Johnson, two people I wouldn't want to be associated with. Therefore, she'll fit right in
Normies? Rheeeeeeeeeee!
Her interview with Jon Stewart (it's 3 parts) from 2013 when her book was released.
http://www.cc.com/video-clips/y9xdui/the-daily-show-with-jon-stewart-exclusive---michelle-rhee-extended-interview-pt--1


I've been single living in Ballston, and in a long distance relationship while living in DC, and much prefer DC, regardless of relationship status. 

It's just so easy to do nothing in the suburbs. Kind of a waste imo
Can you try short term housing in DC and see if you prefer it or not?
I am not young anymore, but the answer is yes. It is significantly better and you do miss quite a bit by not living in the city. They are not aggrandizing it, they are pretty much telling the truth. I also think that living in DC is significantly better than living into Arlington. 
Over the course of a few years I moved from Reston to Alexandria to DC. Living DC is 100% better than living in the burbs.  I work in the city so the lack of commute is a huge part of what makes city living better for me.
It's a matter of lifestyle preference, not which is objectively better. When I was fresh out of college, I loved living in the city. I would regularly go get drinks with friends after work during the week. After 3 years, I was done and wanted to move somewhere quieter. But, I am a social person, so I still go out often during the week to see friends, we just meet up in Silver Spring instead of H Street.

It sounds like that's just not your speed though. If you don't like to go out after work and just want to go in on the weekends, then just do that! Live your life! Don't make yourself miserable based on what your friends think is cool.
Your question is "does DC living outweigh saving money and a shorter commute?" I'd say no. 

I work 40 hour weeks, on a compressed schedule (9 hour days plus a half hour lunch). I wake up at 5:15, walk the dog, go to the gym at 6 am, workout for an hour, shower and get on the Metro by 7:20. Get to work at 8 am, work 9.5 hrs till 5:30 pm. Then Metro home by about 6:15 or 6:30. Walk the dog, make dinner, pack my lunch/clothes/gym bag for the next day, catch something on Netflix, try to fall asleep by 9:15 so I get 8 hours of sleep. 

Not everyone goes to the gym and not everyone has a dog. But you can see a commute eats into your free time. Even though I live in DC I don't spend much time at happy hours or grabbing dinner during the week. 
You have an option to live rent free (or low rent) and live near work...and you want to move to DC?

By all means if you want to spend an extra two grand a month and live in your car for 1-2 hours a day go for it.

Seems like a no brainer for me. 
Not commuting for 2 hours beats commuting for 2 hours.
Living for free at home and being close to work completely outweighs spending half your salary on a small room or studio and spending 2 hours commuting per day.
Happy hours are a result of leaving work and being right there. You're not going to happy hours during the week in DC if you're working in Reston. I don't know what the Reston scene is like but I imagine you'd find a few spots there.
Dc is way way better than any suburb including arlington. However, if commute will be hell  there may be no point to living in dc. 

In reverse what is the point of a good job if you are unhappy with life because you live in boring area? 

There is no right answer here. It seems  like you actually want to live in dc and are trying to find people to talk you out of it because it may not be workable with your job. 

It is your decision. As discussed in last thread maybe arlington? Good access to DC and close to your job. 

Also dc isn't just about going out. I don't like going out a lot and still prefer dc to any suburbs of it. 

Life is about choices. Sometimes you have to live in a less desirable area for a job. Sometimes you may need to turn a job down to live somewhere better. You could also live in dc and commute but you need to decide if living in dc is worth a bad commute. You can't rely on stranger preferences. 

To me DC is better than suburbs 100% of the week. Suburbs are for when you give up on trying to live and want mediocrity 
i think you should try to split the difference and live somewhere a little livelier than reston but not all the way in DC. ballston-rosslyn corridor would give you semi-easy access to both DC & Reston.
It's a preference, there is no objective "better". If your way of living is to go out to socialize, eat out, and be constantly engaged with music and culture, the city is for you. If you want to garden, hike, cook, and have board game nights, you won't lose anything by living in the suburbs.

Also, it depends on your budget and your spending/saving habits. I know when we started getting serious about paying down debt and saving for a house, we changed a lot of our spending habits including cutting down eating out, drinking out, and buying unnecessary stuff (Uber, etc.). It's amazing how the city loses appeal at that point. So much of the culture is based around consumption. We spend more time now on "free" hobbies (hiking, art, music) and miss it very little. We still live in the city but it's for the short commute. 
Yes, it is all it's chalked up to be.
Am 30, recently moved to the suburbs after living in dc for 5 years. 

There's just more "stuff" in the city. Even if you don't hit bars often, your life is just has more stuff to do.
Mild dissent here because you're saving shit tons of money with your family. I lived in DC for 3 years in Columbia Heights then SS. I loved DC - loved it. But I moved out to live with my parents for 2 1/2 years after that. I'm moving back in 2017 as a homeowner with all my student debt cleared - this time to Logan Circle. If you're serious about saving money and you really love the city, sometimes short-term sacrifices are worth it. Just my two cents. 
I'm not single, but I can't imagine not living in DC (or some major city) ever again in my life. If I weren't living in DC, I imagine I'd spend most of my free time (week or weekend) sitting at home. Living in DC, it's very easy to decide walk a couple blocks to a museum. If I need to go buy something, I can easily stop at a store. If I'm hungry and don't feel like cooking, I can walk to one of the many restaurants within a couple blocks of my apartment. What makes this even better is that when traveling from my apartment to whenever I'm going, I'm not in a car. I can do it on foot, by metro, by bus, by bike, or by taxi (usually I walk). And while walking, I can continue to explore my neighborhood in ways I never could if I were in a car.
I've lived in Arlington but now live in DC. It's completely different. 1000 times better.
>  I'm more of a keep-it-quiet during the week kind of girl

So live in Reston, and metro in on the weekends. Say you lived in DC, you would be inconveniencing yourself 5 days a week to have convenience 2 days a week. That doesn't make much sense. 

I previously lived in NoVA and now live in the district. I like the city scene much better, but I also work in the district. I wouldn't want to commute to Reston everyday. 
If I lived in Reston, I would have launched myself out of my 16th floor studio onto the Toby Keith's I Love This Bar and Grill below by now so I consider my DC living and reverse commute a good investment. 
A great man once told me "Look son, you can make more of anything in this wold but time. Don't waste it."

I wasn't a consultant but I was working those kinds of hours in my 20s. Living in the city allowed for a social life more than the burbs becuase I wasn't burning 2+ hours a day commuting and also social life was just steps off of my walk home. YMMV.
Living in Reston or Tysons when you work in Reston is fine. I've been doing it for many years. I get plenty of time in the city when I want it, and I'm not sitting in my car for three hours everyday. Don't underestimate the very real pain caused by a long commute. It affects everything.  
Living in an urban area can be great but as you say, you may not have the time or inclination to really enjoy it every day. 

That becomes especially true if you end up working in the Suburbs and have to drive to work and you deal with all the normal suburban commuter problems paired with urban living problems (traffic, parking, the sheer amount of time, etc).

Ultimately it comes down to what you want to put up with.
I'm in my mid 20s, and it's definitely worth it. It's nice to not need to constantly drive long distances to find something interesting. Avoiding suburban traffic is a nice bonus.
From someone who lived in the suburbs of MD and had to take a 1+ hour bus ride each way for my commute, yes city living is pretty great. 
I'd live in the city. Once you grow older and maybe have kids, you'll probably have to move to the suburbs for the schools and other reasons, so why not have the city experience while you still can?
Get a place in Ballston or Clarendon..

Night life and the commute won't be so bad.
I've lived in Vienna and lived (live) in NW now. City living is definitely BETTER for someone like me, but I can see the advantages of being over the river.

The city offers you walking distance to lots of things from groceries, bars, events and landmarks, but in turn it means less "space" and usually a higher price tag. Perfect for a guy like me who hates driving an doesn't own a car. Single or attached, I think the city is more "fun". If you live in the burbs you're always attaching a round-trip commute to any activity/date, but if you're more of a shut in them that might be better for you.


I moved here from another (cheaper) city last year and have been living in the burbs while working in Reston. I have hated it and am moving to the city next week.

I am pretty lucky to have a somewhat flexible work schedule so my commute won't be too awful (looking at 40 min in the morning and 1 hour in the evening).

I am a homebody and spent most weeknights walking my dog, cooking, and watching TV. It's still much more worth it to me to be in the city. The spontaneity it affords you, the options of things to do. When I am invited to events in the city during the week (alumni events, author readings, Caps games, concerts, bowling leagues/book clubs/Bunko whatever) I just can't go. It is super annoying having to go into the city after getting home in the suburbs. Better to just be there.

And for weekends it is annoying too. You can go in to go to dinner or bars or concerts or whatever, but 30+ min each way makes small-duration trips not really worth it. And it's nice to have a home base to get back to if you want to do something in the morning, and something different in the evening- you aren't going to want to go in and out of the city twice a day over the weekends.

City living is just better for young people - there's more to do and more people to meet. You have the rest of your life to live in the suburbs if you choose to do so later, when kids etc. will take up more of your time. There's no reason to live in this area and pass up actually experiencing living here- you could live in the suburbs near a bunch of chain stores and highways anywhere else in the country. 

I am 29 and single FWIW.
I'm not young any longer but I moved to DC when I was. Actually, the first month I crashed at my friend's parents in Rockville. Then, I signed a lease in Dunn Loring, VA for a rented room in a townhouse. If you think you'll be spending a good amount of time in DC, then just live in DC. If you are in the outer beltway suburbs to be close to work, you will always need a car. For anything. Especially with SafeTrack and beyond with Metro, and if you are planning on any consumption of alcohol, making those DC plans, even if you are crashing on a friend's couch, is a major fucking pain in the ass.

And regardless of budget, DC offers more to do. There is a ton of free stuff and access to parks like Rock Creek to get your hike on. It's not all about the newest small plates restaurant that just opened up, altho there's plenty of that. Yeah, you'll have to put up with the reverse commute, which the biggest thing really is paying those tolls out to Reston, but the entire weekend will be your's. Don't wanna do shit but be a homebody? Can do that anywhere. But when your LDR boyfriend comes into town, better to be in DC than the burbs for stuff to do with him.

At the end of the night, nothing beats being able to sleep in your bed 15 min after leaving wherever it was you were.
I fucking hate driving, so I prefer living in a city. 

Based on how you describe yourself, it sounds like suburbs are perfectly fine for you. Live the lifestyle that suits you. 

Additionally, even the "reverse" commute from DC to Reston is a psychologically draining nightmare. Not worth it.
First of all, the overwhelming sentiment in this thread seems to be that if you can't take advantage of happy hours and going out, then you won't enjoy city life as much. 

That's just flat-out wrong. I live in the city and wouldn't have it any other way. I'm also very low-key (granted I am in my 30's so the appeal of going out has faded drastically), so I don't partake much in the happy hour or going out scene. I do enjoy a good beer and a nice bar atmosphere, but there's plenty of time to get my fix in that regard on the weekend.

What I love about living in the city, especially a city like DC, is how everything is so accessible. I don't have a car. I actually had one one and brought it with me when I moved here, but quickly learned it wasn't needed and sold it. I haven't missed it for a second since then. And now someone actually pays me $300/month to rent the parking spot my apartment came with.

I walk, bike, metro, or bus everywhere. 

I actually go on walks for fun - it turns out that just walking and exploring is so liberating and satisfying. I get to discover streets, alleys, and neighborhoods that I never would have even known existed. I have spots I go to now to just take in the beauty of the city, or think and reflect on life. Spots I wouldn't have found if I was just driving to and from the city in a car.

There's no shortage of free events and meet-ups going on. Just the opposite in fact. I'd argue there's too many events and meet-ups to choose from to the point it can be overwhelming to make a decision. I've gone to numerous free events and meet-ups and always come away invigorated and inspired, having met like-minded people and been able to learn something or take part in an interesting conversation. 

Oh, and don't even get me started on the amazing running routes in this city. I sometimes have to stop myself and think about how lucky I am that I can watch the sunset over the Potomac while out on a run on a quiet, shaded trail that feels miles away from civilization despite being right in the middle of it. 

I have headspace to be able to enjoy these things, since I'm not sitting in a car battling traffic for 3 hours each day. If that were the case, I would probably be too angry and negative to be able to enjoy these little things even if I tried to.

My point is: city life is about so much more than happy hours and going out. And it doesn't have to be expensive. In fact I am extremely frugal and actually find that the things I enjoy most about this city are free (such as what I discussed above with taking walks, events, and meet-ups). Nothing is more rewarding than exploring the city on a bike, just riding around and taking everything in. Finding a park and relaxing, finding a new cafe, or finding a new bar you wouldn't have ever known about.

I've actually managed to reduce my cost of living by a pretty significant amount, despite moving to DC. It was intentional on my part, and has required making some sacrifices or having to say "no" to doing certain things. But I have long-term goals that give me reason to do this. It's definitely do-able though. I live in this city while spending less than $40k/year and still feel like I have a luxurious life that I need to pinch myself about sometimes.

My final advice is that the joys of city life are much more fully realized when your lifestyle is designed for it to work. For me, that meant deciding that having a job in the city was a must. I wouldn't have moved here if I had a job outside the city, it would have been a deal-breaker. I'm not in love with my job, and might be able to find more satisfying work somewhere else outside the city, but I've decided to optimize for the things I value the most in life - and those are the things I described above.

Commuting outside of the city an hour each way is not going to achieve that goal. You will likely resent your decision to pay the higher costs of living in DC, and become really frustrated with having to sit in a car for so much of your free hours. 

Just my two cents.
Yeah, but I'm not sure about DC, b/c the Metro is so bloody awful.
I've lived in Herndon (where my parents lived my last year of high school), Del Ray, Alexandria, and Washington, D.C. (Brookland, Bloomingdale, and Eckington). The closer into the city I got, the more I liked it.

Yes. A hundred times yes, living in the city is way better. The culture, the walkability, the fact that each little neighborhood is actually surprisingly close knit and that I run into people I know all the time like a small damn town. 
Personally, I think that city life is overrated outside of the nightlife and sporting events. You can always come into the city on the weekends for those things. 
You're young - live in or near the city. Spending weekends on friend's couches gets old quick. You even may end up as a clinger who finds some guy and end up spending all your free time at his place in the city. 
As suggested I would try a few different options and see what you like best. 

Personally I would likely go with the MARC + walk or Bikeshare, depending on your proclivity for dealing with inclement weather and your ability to walk quickly. 

MARC is a far more reliable and pleasant option over the Metro, but the trade off is reduced flexibility (limited hours and routes). 

Always keep a SmarTrip card and umbrella handy for when things do inevitably melt down. 
It's about a mile walk and would probably take about as much time as taking two Metro trains. Bikeshare is an option as long as there's a bike and dock available on both ends. Or get a membership to the BikeStation (assuming hey have openings right now). 

Just try all of your options and see what you like the best. 
I say avoid metro at all cost for the duration of SafeTrack.

Google Map: Union Station > Fed Ctr SW : https://goo.gl/zdzFd4
you can keep a bike at the Egg at Union Station.
[Carols at the Willard](http://washington.intercontinental.com/files/pdfs/events/WillardHolidayCarolingSchedule_2016[1].pdf) are free, and you can bring hot chocolate or sparkling wine from the bar to the lobby while you listen and look at the massive Christmas tree.
Old Town Alexandria becomes Disney esque around the holidays
I've always enjoyed the holiday market by the National Portrait Gallery. My in-laws took us to the Ice Sculpture thingie at National Harbor last year and I was surprised how nifty I found it.
Zoo Lights.  It's great to see the nocturnal animals up and funny to have all of the others asleep.
Big fan of the Christkindlmarkt at the Heurich House.  For the price you pay to get in, you also get to walk around the mansion. 
walk around georgetown at night, looking at all the christmas lights on ppl's houses (and scoping out their trees if their curtains are open. ;)

also, my SIL swears by the Seneca Creek State Park light display out in G'burg.
Cocaine fueled ugly sweater parties.
Christmas Eve at the National Cathedral. [Get tickets now](https://cathedral.org/calendar/?filter_event_type=all&filter_start_date=2016-12-16&filter_view=month)!
Visit the tree at the Capitol. It is always infinitely better than the National Christmas Tree at the White House (and less crowded, and has the Capitol as a picturesque backdrop).
Ice skating at the National Gallery of Art's Sculpture Garden - so awesome to glide around the ice and look up to see the National Archives on the north end.

(Second best ice skating is on the waterfront at Georgetown, where you can see the Kennedy Center against the DC skyline. It might even be first best if you want nice food or drinks nearby.)
The Kennedy Center's annual [Messiah sing-along](https://www.kennedy-center.org/calendar/event/MRHFM).
The Hillwood Estate has gorgeous Christmas decorations. And the Christmas decorations at the National Botanical Gardens are also nice.
Go to my favorite bars the night before Thanksgiving and on Dec. 23, and catch up with all my friends/former coworkers who still work in bars.  We never have the same days off anymore, and bars are practically empty on those days.
Not getting into the christmas tree lighting.
Krampusnacht was a lot of fun last year. December 3rd at Gallery O, which is really more of a start and end point for the parade. Yes, there is a Krampus mini-parade.
Mockingbird Hill is doing [The Miracle on 7th Street](https://www.washingtonian.com/2016/10/19/the-christmas-bar-dc-is-back-and-its-bigger-than-ever/) again this year. It was one of my favorites last year (along with the perennially great zoo lights, etc). 
I do Santarchy on the 10th, its a huge christmas themed barcrawl. Turns into an amazing nationwide shit show every year.

Also, I get drunk at zoolights. 
Caroling on the metro while jerking off.
Honestly, I do like the National Tree and seeing it all lit up while drinking hot chocolate. Just a nice annual tradition. Also like Zoolights with spiked hot chocolate.

I also think D.C. itself gets pretty during the holidays, and some neighborhoods put on lights and its nice to just walk around. 
I love going to see the Capitol Bones Stan Kenton Christmas show, which is at the Carlyle Club in Alexandria this year. If you enjoy jazz at all, it's a really fun take on all the classic Christmas songs.
beer; sleep.
Being able to park in my neighborhood easily.
leave DC
[deleted]
I hate to see anti-Trump people do something like this. Beyond being shitty and arguably hypocritical to beat someone up for their beliefs while protesting Trump, the only thing this achieves is confirming people's bias against those who dislike Trump or creates a bias where one did not exist.
Does anyone else notice that most of the fights, graffiti, harassment,  vandalism, etc. are all related to high school or college age students? 
http://patch.com/maryland/northpotomac/s/fy3yc/pro-trump-teen-beaten-in-rockville-student-protests-report

Your article seems to have left out the part where some pro-Trump kids made a Nazi salute. 
Whatever you do, don't go into the comment section.  What a mess.  

But with that said, I don't know what the OP wants from me on this.  Is it bad that high school kids beat up another high school kid seemingly for his political views? Of course.  No one condones that.  But then the article also says that someone is being charged.  So it seems like the system is working, no? Break the law, get caught, face the consequences.  

Or is OP trying to make the link that all of the left is violent, based on the actions of a small group of people? Who knows.  
That sucks, but of course the actions of a few jerk teenagers can't really be thought of as damning for Trump protesters.

On another note, I think the "Love trumps hate" signs I've been seeing (there's one in the picture on the article) are poorly thought out. I assume they intended to say something to the effect of "love > hate," but it could easily be misconstrued as someone supporting the hate that has come from the Trump camp.
>A student involved in the beating is facing assault charges.

At least this is in MD, so there's a good chance they'll actually be held accountable for their actions. No catch and release. 
To be fair, there were 12 year olds in trump hats spitting over the railing at the air & space museum & it took a lot of self control to not punch them
there sure are a lot of people in this thread hand-wringing about their ability to give Nazi salutes.
It's probably what he was wearing. He shouldn't have worn such  provocative clothing. How do we know it's even true - is their video? I'm sure they would have stopped had he just asked. Maybe his parents should have taught him better.

Sound familiar?
Agree with what I say or I'll hurt you.

I see the left is taking notes from organized religion. 
Immediately downvoted. Nice.
Pretty good, but it's no "Bruce <3's cocks."
That is so unbelievably broad. For food, budget, tastes, area, anything?
If you're willing to spend up to $100 on food and your girlfriend isn't a vegetarian, you could go to Fogo de Chao.

If you're looking for something to do, you could go see a museum.  If you're not really into that, you could get drinks and walk around the waterfront in Georgetown.
1) If you cut through NW DC, you will hear screaming from the
Clinton Mansion, as well as the Mansions of every Clintonite
who is about to see the end of their careers.

lots of places to eat in Dupont Circle
I guess WAMU should change the call letters to DRS — Diane Rehm's Station?

edit: [He was on The Diane Rehm Show this morning](http://thedianerehmshow.org/shows/2016-11-16/meet-diane-rehms-successor-joshua-johnson)
Ah, this is why they fired everyone and paired down the programming to a bare minimum. They must have zero confidence in this guy to keep the syndication going. 
So long, Morla.
> In West Virginia

FTFY
This dude is a fucking president-elect; you can't sue on behalf of your private holdings against a federal entity - it smacks of impropriety and conflict of interest. 
This makes me vary sad; because I know that it will be evaluated at 28 million and he will get a refund.  Thanks Obama!
You think the lawsuit is bad, wait until he has drones.
If the ticket is still available, please give me a PM!
PM'ed you last night, let me know if it's still up for grabs! 
My Morning Jacket!
>I was thinking using Uber, is it safe?

What planet are you from?
Uber is fine but will be expensive as shit to get from Gaithersburg to anywhere downtown.  
If it's at all possible, I would suggest trying to crash on someone's couch, even if they don't live in the city, because an Uber to one of the near suburbs is probably going to be a lot cheaper than one to Gaithersburg.

That said, if you really want to go and don't have an alternative, Uber is completely safe and I think you get a discount for your first ride. Just be sure to choose the UberX option, as any of the others (besides Pool, which I doubt would be available) will be crazy expensive. 
uber will be fine
Oh, how I remember the good old days of being an intern and living in Gaithersburg from 2010 to 2011 when I could rely on Metro for late-night service.  Yay!
[deleted]
I am now really glad I moved to this city. As someone living with cancer, that has yet to be cured as I am reaching the furthest scope of medical practice - the thought of my cancer taking a turn for the worse, and me living in some shit quality of life vegetable state is worse than death.

I would definitely choose to die. And the thought that some "morally" motivated douche dick that's never met me could affect my ability to choose, makes me nauseated. 
Let's see how much Congressional push back we get from rhis
>In the District, opponents expressed concern that poor people would be pushed to end their lives prematurely rather than undergo costly treatment. Supporters said those concerns were unfounded.

Also, even if they don't push them (and they don't) they do not have the damn money for costly treatment. They're poor.
I couldn't believe Anita Bonds reason for voting against:
“I will not take the liberty of even thinking for others on matters of life or death.” 
Is she that stupid? By voting against you are doing exactly what you said you wouldn't even think of doing.   I hope Congress has no recourse here.   The idea that this is controversial is beyond me.


This makes me really happy - nice going, guys.
So does this still need approval of Congress? 

As I watched my sister, take her last breath, from cancer, I wish she would have had this option.  
This is why I think we should make a living will before you get sick or hospitalized.

Otherwise, isn't the hospital is free to treat you however they want and bill you and your estate (when you die) for all of it?  

Your nest egg that you wanted to pass on to your spouse, kids, family and friends? 

Gobbled up by the medical system that everyone knows is a waste of time and resources (for terminally ill people).
What exactly is a "black owned bespoke"?
Reset the counter.  
Bijoux's Basket is one, she makes all of the stuff herself. I have some body butter: https://www.facebook.com/BijouxsBasket/

Dragonfly Vintage in Brookland, although not made to order is a really cute shop and she (the adorable owner) has found some really beautiful jewelry and clothes. Hard to go in there without leaving with something.

This is a good question- I'm always down to support minority and women owned shops (and honestly small businesses in general). If anyone knows of any good, small businesses, let me know please! Thank you!
Ask the white house press office, where Obama get's his suits.
It wasn't that bad, I waited at Ft Totten for longer than I had to wait at Chinatown (let one train leave packed at each before I boarded the second).  The funny thing is that my roommate left home 30 minutes before I did and I tapped him on the shoulder at Chinatown platform and said hey.  He got on the packed train that I let leave because he's just far more aggressive than I am.  I kind of let people push past me if they want, whatever, everyone on the Red Line is going to hell figuratively and literally so what's the hurry.
gave up at dupont circle and walked the rest of the way to gallery.  45 mins late.
10:05 am - train to Shady Grove says 1 min, after it just said 24, with no more times up. Crowded platform (but not packed to the brim, yet). 
Holy shit I'm actually glad saftrack saved me from this 
There was a switch problem and then where trains were going the wrong way. Once they said that was fixed the train in front of us "broke down". My 20 min metro commute has lasted an hour and I'm halfway to where I need to be. Long wait for yellow line too.
My BF got stuck at Farragut North 20 minutes ago and ended up walking to Farragut West. Guess I got on the train this morning before this shit storm happened 
Got to Chinatown around 830. Couldn't get on the first train to Glenmont because it was too crowded but there was another 1 minute behind. Got on there with no problems. Pulled up to Judiciary Square and they made everyone get off. It took 5 minutes to shuffle through the station and make it outside again, but in that time the empty train still hadn't left Judiciary Square. 
I just got off at Metro Center, didn't even want to stick around for it. 
I want to believe these are principled protests meant to inform the president elect that he needs to do more to reach out to the majority of Americans who did not vote for him (both who voted Hillary/third party and those who didn't vote at all), but I was also a teenager once and wouldn't be surprised if a lot of these kids simply wanted to get out of class. 
I'll take kids riding an excuse to get out of class for $600, Alex

Not all are cutting school to protest - https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/public-safety/dc-police-searching-for-youths-in-three-violent-robberies-in-capitol-hill-area/2016/11/16/449703c8-ac05-11e6-8b45-f8e493f06fcd_story.html
One of the stalls at Eastern Market on the weekends has a pretty large collection of rubber stamps for sale. Not sure about a DC flag, but it might be worth a look.
I've never seen one.

If I needed one and had money and time to wait I'd probably go to a custom stamp maker - a lot of print and copy shops do this kind of work.

If I wanted one fast and cheap I'd carve a drafting eraser. Just cut away everything that doesn't look like the flag.
There is a stall in the lobby of union station that seems to have that kind of stuff.

If you don't need it immediately there are tons of design a stamp places online that will ship you a custom stamp in a few days.
Nice. 
heh #69
i was at the protest all evening. the sign is real. the whole incident was less than five minutes long. the sign was held up and immediately people asked the person to leave and they did a few minutes later.

in my opinion, they were there to create a stir and had an agenda. dc has received very little protest coverage compared to other cities. there were 4,000 people protesting saturday night and the only thing that is being circulated is the shitty sign someone held up.  


> ...Photoshopped... here's the proof via snopes

Umm did you read you own link? Snopes says it isn't clear if it was real or not: "the sign images (real or not) were used as fodder for both Clinton and Trump supporters... Trump supporters claimed that the sign represented the hypocrisy of the anti-Trump contingent, while the latter denounced the sign and proclaimed that it was not representative of the protests..."

My friend was at the protest. She said the guy with this sign ran into the crowd, held it up, his friend got a photo, and then they left.
[deleted]
The article doesn't agree with your headline of there being "proof" the sign was photoshopped. This clash has caused a clearly detectable malodorous essence to emanate from this post. Be careful, OP, or you will find yourself subject to a fine.
Interesting anecdote…

A relatively intelligent friend of mine posted some conspiracy news a while back of Facebook.  I refuted it with snopes, to which he replied that snopes has been proven wrong before, or that "snopes has been snoped."

I admitted that even fact checkers can be wrong, conceding the probability and potential of his point, but I could not help but to explain the paradoxical nature of attempting to discredit a website whose name is somewhat synonymous with fact checking by using its name against it.

If snopes was terrible at fact checking, as suggested, then it wouldn't suffice to say it was snoped.
[GIF showing that the sign doesn't change at all in video stills from different angles](http://www.snopes.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/signgif.gif)
How do you rape a hooker? Say you are disatisfied with the service and refuse to pay. That's the Trump way don't pay. 
So? What's the difference?
While I don't believe the sign is real. Snopes IS NOT always accurate, I'm not sure why people take the site so seriously. 
It starts running from Union Station at 6am.

It looks like they also run a GPS tracker on them:

http://www.cnmc.prod.ridesystems.net/default.aspx?RouteID=6
You're not crazy, the schedule is not on the website.
Call them?
I can't speak to all of your questions, but I can tell you that your "small" load (1 br apt) *will* be put on a van with other people's stuff, going in the same direction. As to whether you will be loaded first (and last to come off) or vice versa, or somewhere in between, it's hard to say. Is this move on your own dime, or is a company or the military paying for it? I've made several cross country moves (and overseas). Probably not military, if I had to guess.
If you can avoid taking furniture and large electronics, the Amtrak in DC offers shipping. They can ship to another Amtrak Express station or an Express Lite and you can get a local mover to pick it up or rent a truck and do it yourself later on. 

If you absolutely must have all your furniture and your electronics, you're probably going to have to keep looking the traditional ways or just use one of those box storage places and have them deliver it where you live. Either way is likely not to be as cheap as Amtrak.
Try posting on Thumbtack.com! You will get quotes from different movers and can read their reviews, etc. I had never heard of it before but someone suggested it when I was just moving from Philly to DC. That move for a 1BR cost me $1k and it was worth every penny, they gave me a flat rate price. Obvs coast to coast would be way more expensive.
To agree with the other poster, if you want a direct point to point moving solution, you're better off getting a Uhaul and having help move it.  I don't know of any moving company that's going to drive just your load across the country.  Super expensive.  
A friend recently moved from DC to NH and it was $3K for the move. I can imagine it's going to be a hell of a lot more for a cross country trip. 
Abf upack and hire local movers to load/unload on both ends. But of a hassle over hiring a single company but you'll save thousands. 
I recently moved from San Diego to DC. I used a San Diego moving company (Republic Moving) and they packed everything, loaded it into two crates and took it away. It went from the local truck to another larger moving truck to move across the country.

I'm not familiar iwth moving companies here in DC - but if no one provides names, i'd just call around and get quotes. I had a one bedroom (~800sqft) apartment and to pack and unpack cost around ~3k.

For my car - it's best to go with an actual company and not a broker. You'll save up to $200 by not paying someone to look up companies available on the internet. My car cost ~$850 to ship from SD to DC.
My God. Even the Washington City Paper comments.
I hate every single person that believes this is true or pretends to be a "concerned citizen that just has some questions about it." 
Can someone give me the ELI5 of wtf is going on here. There seems to be several layers to this. 
If this lunacy irks you, and it should, please go have a meal at Comet!
Is there any organized effort to support the business in the face of these fucking lunatics? I feel like I should make an effort to patronize the place.
The level of insanity in that bizarre conspiracy thread is off the charts. Disgusting - and maybe mostly just baffling.
Hey guys, thought I would use my newly built throwaway account to chime in.

First off to all the people who are saying they want to support us THANK YOU! This has been an extremely stressful time for us. The amount of vile comments sometimes is overwhelming, and it honestly feels good to see that after 10 years of being in business we have garnered enough local support that people realize this is crazy.

If you've ever been to Comet before or think this is bullshit we would love to see you. The staff have absorbed a LOT of abuse and people giving them positive reinforcement really helps us come to work.
This is my neighborhood. I cannot believe that these alt-right nut jobs are attacking my quiet one-block community! I am showing my resistance to their propaganda machine by eating at Comet tonight and patroning their bar every evening this weekend!
What a bizarre twist in this entirely bizarre election cycle/year. I'm going to a concert there next month and had no idea when I got my ticket what sort of nonsense I was suddenly getting into. I feel weirdly protective of the place, given I haven't actually been there (yet).
I fucking hate these conspiratard losers.  Great job guys, you are ruining a good local business for no reason
Jesus, the fucking comments.

I've got to wonder, how many of these folks legit believe the conspiracy bullshit and how many are just trolling for the LULZ?
My family is friends with them and as a result any public social media that had pictures of children was tagged with "sex trafficking victim" and "molested".  It's now no longer public.  I posted earlier today to /legaladvice, which reddit was able to lock, but they apparently can't do anything about the threads (and entire subreddit) doxxing people and falsely accusing them of being child molesters.  This fucking sucks.
I can't believe we live in a country where humble food service proprietors can be run out of business by a mob of howling loons who do not like their ideology. 
pizzagate got banned
She has been found:

UMD Police Dept. ‏@UMPD  12m12 minutes ago
LOCATED: Missing UMD student, Kaitlyn George has been found and she is okay. More details to follow shortly.
> Here is the final update:
On November 16, 2016, shortly after 8 a.m., UMPD received confirmation from Houston Police Department that they have located Kaitlyn George at a fast food restaurant in Houston, Texas.
Kaitlyn was by herself and is okay.
Thank you to everyone who assisted in locating Kaitlyn George.
Parkway Deli on Grubb Rd in Silver Spring might be able to help you out.  If not, you might have to travel further out to Wheaton (Shalom Kosher) or Rockville (Moti's Market).
Chinese food. 
Char Bar in Foggy Bottom had a Kosher Thanksgiving menu last year and I'm sure you could do take out if they're doing it again 
Aren't most thanksgiving dishes kosher. It is what no pork, no shellfish, no milk mixed with meat? Turkey, stuffing, mashed potatoes, etc should be kosher. 

Warning, I am no expert on this subject. 
* 94% vote against Trump
* Literally have to LIVE next to whoever wins
* One of the most educated cities in the country
* Epicenter for political discourse in the US
* Home/Near 90% of US fed politicians
* A *sizable* chunk has their job directly effected by the outcome

Checks out to me...
Only an hour less than usual?  It was way worse than that for pretty much everyone I know...
the person above me was pacing frantically all night. The consistency helped me to fall asleep and sleep soundly lol
My lyft to work usually costs ~$20. The morning after the election it was $80. Everyone went to bed angry and woke up late like me. 
\*sigh\*

Repeat after me everyone:

Any time you compare DC with state level data, DC will *always* be the extreme.
tbh it was over when PA went red. FL and OH were red locks very early.

You were basically waiting until 2:30AM to see the final score, not who won. 
I blame the garbage trucks.
Checks out. Half my office claimed to not have slept at all during the night and I only slept about four hours.
Not in DC but NoVA. Can confirm this. Stayed up watching until about 2:30am then basically was wide awake in bed until ~4:00am. 
Maybe it's because people stayed up to watch the election results? 
I went to bed around Midnight, but tossed and turned all night.  Maybe got 2-3 hours sleep, tops.
I swear I haven't slept through the night since the election. 

NoVa here. Went to bed late (4am?) woke up at like 8am tossing and turning. It was surreal.
Like most "DC Best/Worst at X" articles, this is comparing the population of fifty states to one average sized city.  
I believe it
I woke up sweating in my room, which has a very fast ceiling fan and the A/C set at 68 degrees, the night before the election. Just about every part of my body was covered in it. And I live in Florida, very far away... the night of the disastrous election, I didn't get any sleep til well after 12PM the next day. I can't imagine the hell you guys will have to put up with the next four years.... 
Man I lose an hour on a good night. Worked till half past midnight and was back out the door by 8AM on no sleep. 
Can confirm. Stayed up until 3AM as opposed to my usual bedtime of 10pm.
Sleep you say?

Seriously, why wouldn't we?  Trump is a dangerous idiot supported by the 21st century's version of the Know Nothings.  He slunk into office under cover of the Electoral College against what everyone but Nate Silver was telling us (yes, Nate Silver understood Trump had a shot at the Presidency when no one else did).  We can pretend that things are normalizing in the media, but they're not in DC.  As my favorite protester's sign said "this is very bad."

If our city wasn't so damned healthy, I imagine heart attacks would be on the rise too.  Read some Andrew Sullivan.  The next four years will be a living nightmare in DC.
I slept great knowing I'd never have to hear Benghazi or 30,000 Emails ever again. 
I slept soundly knowing I'd be waking up to an America soon to be made great again
I was up until after Trumps speech, running on pure excitement! 

[deleted]
Live in Arlington. It's close enough to DC that you can get in and out when needed on the weekends or evenings but you avoid the headache of trying to get across the Potomac every day during rush hour. You'll also benefit from a reverse commute. It's still long but much more manageable and you'll get some degree or urban life on a daily basis.
A long commute drains your soul in a very unique way. I say live close to where you work.
Would these family members in Reston be letting you live there rent free?   I wouldn't normally recommend Reston for a recent grad, but if it's going to save you 1200 a month *and* drop your commute by an order of magnitude you might want to give it a shot for a few months.

Even if you decide you hate it and end up moving, it'd give you a stable base of operations from which to conduct a search for more permanent housing.
Reston is pretty out there. Living in DC proper would be a hellish commute. Either live in Herndon/Reston, or if a "young people social crowd" is important enough to you, somewhere along the Silver Line in Arlington 
You might really like Ballston as a way of negotiating between your two desires. 
As a new grad living in Reston, I love this place. Lots of parks and trails and there is social scene in RTC obviously not as many young people. 

Its affordable and convenient. You want to go to Arlington? Take the silver metro takes about 30 mins on the metro which comes and goes pretty frequently. Also no long commutes = more time for things you enjoy :)
If you can live with relatives then do that. You'll save enough so that even if you don't go out during the week you can ball extra hard on the weekends. 

Living in the city is great but having a short commute for where you'll be spending most of your weekdays is not to be sneered at. 
Welcome! As a fellow FL escapee, I would agree with everyone's comments. 

Reston by FL standards (~30 Miles) isnt far, but 30-ish miles in this area can be a serious journey.

That said, I live in Alexandria and have had to go to Reston for training a couple times. Going against traffic in the morning makes it manageable, but its still a nightmare on the way back.

Also, I hope your budget is per person...

Lastly, Reston is decent, but living that far out you would find it a struggle to spend a lot of time downtown. If you want the DC experience, live there; even if the commute to work sucks.
This is the one thing I wish I had the option to do right out of college: live with your family! Save your money! Even if you pay some rent, you will be able to save a lot more than paying $1,200 for whatever that can get you, even in group housing. 

You will make friends in Reston, and have your friends in D.C. to see on weekends and other events. Stay on their couches and buy them drinks with all the money you're saving. 
Some info:
The turnout was around 5,000 students 
They walked from metro center to trump tower to the Capitol to the Washington monument to the Lincoln memorial to the White House 
Can we get more posts about this? The 4 I see just aren't enough.
did they get suspended?
Kids will do anything to get out of schoolwork these days.

Here's a tip : protesting won't change who won the presidency.
Sounds like a 21 year old adult made a decision to leave somewhere she doesn't want to be. 
I really just don't understand why they keep tracking a 21 year old.  She is an adult.  They said they don't suspect foul play.  Why not send officers in Va to be at the bus station in Richmond? I also say leave her alone.  If her family wants to speak with her, that's their business not the publics to track her down. 
It sounds like she wants to get away. Leave her alone.
Looks like she has been found:

UMD Police Dept. ‏@UMPD  12m12 minutes ago
LOCATED: Missing UMD student, Kaitlyn George has been found and she is okay. More details to follow shortly.
I wasn't expecting to post another update since it seemed she was headed north through Baltimore. Apparently, following the last update, she may have stopped in or passed through DC on the way down to VA via bus. It's unclear to me why this is an investigation at this point, but perhaps the police know more than they are letting on. 

Hopefully she is ok. Keep an eye out.

#Edit: [She has been located.](https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/5d708w/second_update_in_the_investigation_of_missing_umd/da2q2v9/)
[Found](https://www.google.com/amp/baltimore.cbslocal.com/2016/11/16/missing-umd-student-kaitlyn-george-found/amp/?client=ms-android-verizon)
Pro tip: if you have a .gov email you get free WaPo online. 
I wish the Washington Post was better.  Between its clickbait articles meant to make it profitable, slacking on local news, and participating in the echo-chamber narratives, I am still looking for better journalism to throw money behind.
Nice try Jeff Bezos...
You sure showed him
Maybe support the NY Times instead. Or New Yorker magazine?

The Post has gone downhill a bit since being acquired by Jeff "clickbait" Bezos.
Yep, me too. Finally pulled the cable plug and have subscribed to post and NYT. 
does this mean he's already helping to boost the economy. ;)
I'm sure he's devastated. 
holy crap! hope you like recycling or starting fires.
Man, you're sure showing him. 
Does it come with salt?
Nobody cares.
Anyone know what the best subscription offer is for online only?  
Who cares?

Stop giving that guy undeserved attention.
You beat trump and saved america. You are the hero we both need and deserve. 
...I hear news aggregate sites are much better...go find one of them. 
Looking at he building in street view I suspect it was commercial at some point. Those downstairs windows are too tall, the door was rebuilt looking at the brickwork.

Checking the property records might be interesting. There is also an old time DC facebook group that might help a bit. 
Yes, yes! There was one there! wow
Kangaroo Boxing Club is my favorite. Hank's, Churchkey and Brookland's Finest are great. 

Oohs and Aahs wasn't as good as I hoped. 

Way back in the day, Boundary Stone's was so good. But it's been off the menu for years. Still think about it. 

Go ahead and laugh, but the vegan place on Georgia Ave has really good fake mac and cheese if you are open to that. They change their name so often, I can't remember what it is now. 
Honestly, my favorite is Founding Farmer's. 

Barrel near Eastern Market has some pretty good Mac n Cheese as well. 
Duplex Diner on 18th & U 

Not in DC but Cheesetique in Alexandria
I did not like The Coupe's, fwiw. 
Dukes in DuPont! 
Barrel is really good
nuvegan cafe if you like southern style. it's amazing- see [yelp reviews.](https://www.yelp.com/menu/nuvegan-café-washington-2/item/macaroni-and-cheese)
District Commons has the most delectable, cheesy, mac and cheese that I've ever had in my life. They serve it in a cast iron pan so that the edges and top are buttery and crispy, and then you break through the delicious crust into the most smooth mac and cheese you will ever have.
Sticky Fingers hands down.
Open City!
Has anyone ever had Henry's Soul Cafe's on U Street? They burned down a few years ago but just reopened. I never went before but was actually just thinking about stopping by hoping that their Mac n cheese would be good.
Hanks Mac and Cheesy is my personal favorite. 
If it is still around, Lincoln had great Mac n Cheese.
Darnell's!
I forget the name but there's a food truck that does Mac and cheese. I've only had their pulled pork Mac and cheese and it was tasty. I couldn't finish it myself but I definitely recommend it. 
Tico
Dukes grocery!
Not in the city proper and not the best mac and cheese but Tupelo Honey Cafe in Rosslyn does all you can eat Mac and Cheese on Wednesdays, so if you just want to gorge yourself on Mac and Cheese...
Saint's Paradise Cafeteria, preferably as one of two sides to a fried chicken dinner (the other side being collards, preferably).
Not quite the city, but Spider Kelly's in Clarendon. Super cheap, super greasy, and so good.
[deleted]
Noodles and Co.
Friendly reminder that the hypothermia hotline went active November 1st. You can call them 24 hours a day at 202-399-7093 and report a homeless person that appears to be in need of shelter. We need to keep an eye out for our most vulnerable residents as winter approaches.
So sad to hear. There are many sick people in that area and it seemed inevitable something like this would happen. Homelessness is such a big problem in our city and our country and it depresses me that we have people dying on the streets. 
> Currinder says she asked a man and a separate group of women nearby for help, as she had forgotten her cell phone at home. They demurred, so she hurried back to her house and dialed 911.

What?!
This is just start of this. 
Off topic, anyone know the name of the old homeless man on a wheelchair with a chessboard? I've seen him mostly in the Chinatown/Metro Center area. Always break my heart. 
What a country 
Yes it has.  
[deleted]
Two things - the "taxation without representation" plates are what they give you by default. It's possible Trump gets them simply because he was too clueless to ask for something else.

Second - once he figures out how many (or how few, rather) people in DC voted for him, he'll be against Statehood as punishment, or something like that. "Those voters, they were very mean to me. Very rude". 
Not sure about about the plates, but DC statehood isn't something he's really talked about in optimistic terms, and his congress certainly is very against it. From this [blog post](https://www.dcvote.org/blog/where-do-current-presidential-candidates-stand-dc-equality):

>Trump said about DC Statehood "I think statehood is a tough thing for D.C. I think it’s a tough thing. I don’t have a position on it yet. I would form a position. But I think statehood is a tough thing for D.C." and "I don’t see statehood for D.C." When asked about granting DC residents about a vote in the House of Representatives he responsed "I think that’s something that would be okay. Having representation would be okay."
Last I heard he was going to keep himself in NYC.
Liberals - "The electoral college is a violation of our democracy! It puts too much power into small states and not the people!"

Liberals - "It totally makes sense to have a city get 2 senators just because!"
If you are the victim of a hate crime in DC (or Maryland) please report to the police and get a police report with an actual number on it.

Also, if you get to ID the person committing a hate crime and the police refuses to investigate or follow up please walk into a magistrate of the court and asked them to file criminal charges. 


These articles are pointless without a frame of reference. I'm sure racist epithets and tantrums toward foreigners didn't just start on Tuesday evening. People were doing this shit before Trump was ever contemplating a run. 

The brilliant minds over at DCist I'm sure conducted a rigorous study before peddling this yellow journalism though.
This is terrible and I would call out anyone doing any of this. I would also like to point out that I am constantly seeing racist anti-white graffitti throughout my neighborhood and I'm wondering why it wasn't included here. I would hate to think that people think it's ok to be hateful to anyone because of their skin color, regardless if it's black, white, or anything.
Why are things in elementary schools being reported. Those are litterally being perpatrated by children. 
What about the "Fuck Trump" graffiti spray painted all over U street? Or the "Satan lives in the white house" sprawled across the U street metro art?  Not sure what defacing artwork dedicated to African Americans is doing to help.
Anecdotal and lacking actual statistics. ..
The list is "growing" because nobody counts all of the assaults on "whitey" everyday in DC as a hate crime. If every time someone was assaulted, physically or verbally, in DC for being white these stats would look a lot different. 
>On the Green line on Friday, a passenger unleashed a verbal attack. “It’s America. Welcome to America," the unidentified man yells on a crowded car to a man off camera. “Does he know what deodorant is? Is he ever going to wear some, in America?”

I'm a proponent of basic hygiene, and yes, some people do need to be told that they are stinking up the entire metro car because they're unwilling to spend $4 on Old Spice. It's disgusting. Bad BO is like constantly farting non-stop after eating Taco Bell on a 30 minute train ride
Hoaxes the vast majority.

Committed by left wingers trying to cause division and hatred.

Check your privilege.
I went to the museum today around lunchtime. They still had same-day passes.
Pretty good. They also have a line for people waiting for extra tickets 
Weekdays: great. Almost guaranteed. Weekends/holidays: significantly less likely.

SOURCE: Employee at the NMAAHC I spoke to last Friday.
If you wear your MAGA hat? 0. Otherwise pretty decent. Just swing by in the morning.
*Don't click this nonsense--Here is the majority of the drivel:*

"**That new mega-project planned in the neighborhood**
It’s big. It’s expensive. And it has the potential to bring in way more traffic, tourists, noise, etc. etc. etc. We get it. Your opinion definitely matters, and it’s always worth listening to in the ANC meetings, but right now all we’re thinking about is how many slices of ham we can get before Grandma starts side eyeing us with judgment and possibly also possessiveness. If in need of another conversation topic, how about we simply compliment the Aunt who brought in the potato salad. Thanks, Becky.

**How high the damn rent prices are**
They’re high, and they keep getting higher. Don’t try and one up somebody in the family with how egregious your rents are in comparison to theirs. It hurts for everyone, or should I say.

**SafeTrack**
Honestly, there isn’t much to disagree about when it comes to SafeTrack; it’s been a major pain in the butt. Additionally, with all of the cuts proposed by the Metro General Manager, a conversation about WMATA will just cause some to feel a mixture of anger, sadness, and confusion. Sure, whether or not SafeTrack is a necessity might not be the most divisive issue for D.C., it’s still a big fat bummer. Let’s keep the conversation light and instead focus on how great the growth of Capital BikeShare is. Nobody can get mad at bikes. Nobody.

**Gentrification**
First they came for Columbia Heights and H Street NE. Then they came for Navy Yard and Shaw. What’s next? Anacostia? The benefits and drawbacks of gentrification have been discussed for ages (and should continue to be discussed), but how about we forget about the new burrito sushi and rolled ice cream shops in the neighborhood for a moment until after the turkey has settled in our stomachs.

**Donald Trump**
Just don’t do it. There’s no point. Whether you love him or hate him, there’s just too much to say. If you’re at a rally, go ahead and talk your head off, but if you want your family members to be willing to pass the gravy train your way, it might be better to veer away from the man and maybe more towards ... how about his hotel? Nah, never mind. Just leave it alone."
Take off your fucking masks. /Drinking
Ironic username. 
[Local organization seeks volunteers](http://i.imgur.com/V5Sn9UR.jpg)
What is it exactly that you do? Maybe we can pull together to find you something new. Give us something to work with, OP.
The [Capital Area Food Bank](https://www.capitalareafoodbank.org/volunteer-5/) can always use volunteers and even offers a shuttle to their DC warehouse from Brookland/CUA.

The [Humane Rescue League](http://www.humanerescuealliance.org/volunteer) (previously Washington Animal Rescue League/Washington Humane Society) if you like animals (note: some volunteer positions require training).
Theatre companies around the area all run on a staff of volunteer ushers, who get to see the shows they work for free. Arena Stage, Folger, Ford's, Shakespeare Theatre Company, Studio Theatre, and on and on.  
  
As far as politically involved organizations are concerned, I'm a big fan of Machik.  
  
Obviously, DC has soup kitchens too.
Most counties in Maryland and Virginia have volunteer EMS and Fire systems. The farther from DC, the higher the ratio of volunteer to paid. In Maryland, the training is free after you join one of the stations. And they all have different cultures and personalities. Good way to learn a new and useful skill and meet people.
https://www.ice.gov/about

These guys will probably need some help soon. 
>Sen. Bernie Sanders will join with a broad array of labor, environmental, healthcare, consumer and other advocacy groups in Washington DC Thursday, November 17, to promote a people’s agenda and a common commitment to stepping up grassroots mobilizations for economic and social justice and equality as the incoming Trump administration takes office.

>What:                      Rally for social and economic justice and equality
                                Featured speaker – Sen. Bernie Sanders

>When:                     Thursday, November 17, 1 p.m.

>Where:                    Upper Senate Park, U.S. Capitol, Washington DC
That's a lot of members in every state.
Here is all the precedent you need to know: a Jan. 2009 WaPo article about the Inauguration rental market going bust. 

http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2009/01/08/AR2009010803605.html

If the demand for housing during that historical weekend ultimately ran dry, I wouldn't expect much this time around. Keep in mind that other people listing properties for very high prices doesn't equate to those places getting rented. 

Unless you outright own a penthouse suite with views of the Capitol, demand for your place will be about the same as it is any other weekend. Plenty of people will pay a slightly inflated price for a hotel room because it's a known commodity. I'd bet that a lot of people coming to town are not familiar with AirBnB.
I wrote this in another thread that seems to have since been deleted.

There is almost precedent for this. Airbnb didn't exist in 2008/9 and did not have the same kind of market penetration that it does now in 2012/13. People are listing places for exorbitant prices now for their places for the same reason they'd list exorbitant prices for Super Bowl tickets 2 months out. It doesn't guarantee that anyone is going to step up and buy.

If you own your place and Airbnb is against condo rules. Don't screw around with that. If you rent your place, Airbnb is almost certainly a breach of your lease, so look into that. Tensions and emotions are going to be running high this inauguration and if you put somebody in your apt for the inauguration that causes problems with your neighbors, good luck dealing with that mess. 
FYI. I asked my building manager yesterday if he's aware of people Airbnb-ing their apts for the inauguration. He said he's already aware and the corporate office is dealing with all the illegal Airbnbs, since there are many across the company's buildings. I imagine they're probably going to shut down the listings rather than try to evict people for violating their leases. 

So basically if you live in a big corporate building, it's not that hard for them to find your listing and probably not worth getting in trouble and not even making any money.
I hope they have a reservation, because it'll be difficult to seat a party of 250 without one.
I'm always happy to see kids being politically aware. Other people may be concerned by missing a half day but I am certain schools won't throw out suspensions so you should be okay. Go and get your voice heard. 
I love when reddit debates the merit of protests....as if that's why people protest :\
Well, I know where I'm taking my lunch today!

But forreal, I'm super excited that I've been able to play the "wise older punk rock grandpa" as this election season has carried on. I'm so proud to see how protests have been going. And I'm very happy at the level that politically aware youth have been participating.

This warms my GWB-era shriveled anti-establishment soul. I got too complacent in 8 years of a wonderfully fuzzy progressive president.

"Now children, if you're going to go get pepper sprayed today, carry a bottle of water, goggles, and a bandanna. It'll keep you in the fight longer. And remember, always get badge number! Go on, now little protesters! Ol' Grampy Emetry has to listen to Black Flag and wax poetic about the time he was sweated on by Greg Ginn."
Good
I only upvoted this because it tells me what street to avoid.
Looks like it ended being over 3,000. I told my students I would be disappointed if they didn't want to go.  Today might have just been a reason to skip for a lot kids but if they had never done anything like that before it had small chance of changing their lives. Yes,  they should be specific on their aims but none of us have all the answers and they are just kids.  When was the last time you spoke out about something you're passionate about?   Good on them and the Wilson human rights club for organizing it. 

Does anyone actually remember being in high school? We we're looking for any, and I mean any excuse to get out of class for the day. I'm having a good laugh at the people who think this is for social activism and not just skipping the day. We'll see how many actually make it to the Hotel instead of ditching school for the day. 
Using the single tracking dumpster fire that is our metro will be a bit time consuming. 
oh lord
The comments (both sides) in this post (and this sub recently) make me vomit.

 Any excuse to skip school. I know I'd totally do it to skip school. Or at least I'd just go home and play video games. So I don't blame em. 


What ever happened to accepting the results of the election. What the fuck does this literally useless protest do? Make a statement? No one is impressed.  

Literally. 

Edit ; went too post down from this "I did this to skip class". Lmfao. 
Yes, a bunch of kids at my school are walking out right now.
So I trust the appropriate penalties for cutting half a day's worth of classes will be meted out by DC Public Schools. 

You can say you are all adults, but adults know that actions carry consequences.
cool, bc how many were even eligible to vote? and how many will make it past metro center or chinatown?

are there a lot of dcps students actually 18+... that actually voted? and they couldn't do this, idk like after 3? especially in an area where 4.2% voted trump? good heads up to avoid the area tomorrow afternoon. hopefully all of the random post-election tourists in town don't encounter any of these protestors. 
[removed]
If they were truly concerned, they'd protest after school. As it is now, they should be suspended for skipping class and barred from school sports. After their suspension is over, they need a class on the basic concepts of our democracy.

The Trump haters are shaping up to be dumber than the Obama haters ever were. Didn't think that was possible. Washington, meet the new Democrat version of the Tea Party.
[deleted]
They are working way too fast. They need a union. 
Lol. You are fucking high.
I love this video so much.

1200 workers is a little more than a tenth of the entire WMATA workforce and about a seventh of the entire maintenance workforce. (Factoring in the bus side of the organization.)

Additionally, Americans are nowhere near as organized as Japanese workers and the pride in workmanship is not there.
Cute, but that's not going to bring back the riders.
Not going to happen in DC. 
First of all, exactly which sections of aboveground track would see a major benefit from being put underground? Ok, it'll help with the kind of snowstorm DC gets once every 3 or 4 years, but that's about it.

Second, it's not "above ground track becomes subway in 4 hours," it's "one tiny section that has already been pre-dug and attached to jacks is lowered a few feet in 4 hours."

Yawn. 
From a comment on /r/BeAmazed about the Japanese fixing stuff fast.
I'm here to observe and support and there's like...10 kids here so far.

Slow start, but at least some showed!
Good for these kids. Time for the majority in this country to push back.
Under/over on when Trump starts the next war? These kids are smart to get involved now.
Fine.  As long as the DC Public School system does its job of educating and gives out punishments.

Actions have consequences.  Adults know that.

EDIT:  Go ahead and walk out of your job and see if you don't have any repercussions.  Good grief.
Good Lord r/washingtondc used to be great for local stuff and now it's non-fucking stop Trump stuff.  

It's like r/circlejerk has taken over. 

Trump won.  Kids protest.  They did in Woodstock and the Vietnam War still continued.  

The President isn't as powerful as people think. Even the right-wing would argue after Obama's 8 years the country is still here.  

There are 5 posts about HS kids protesting.  Who GIVES a fuck.  
Growing up in the District during the Clinton 90s and following on PBS THIRTEEN in NYC during the Bush and Obama years, this hurts.
I gasped reading the subject of this post. I haven't really been plugged in to the news today and am only learning this now. What a class act and what a loss. I had nothing but respect for her and will miss her presence on the News Hour.
Stop, 2016!
I didn't even realize she was sick.  This is a great loss.
The NewsHour tonight is (unsurprisingly) largely devoted to her, and is well worth watching:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0faQwII4bk
I was wondering why she didn't moderate one of the debates this season.  

RIP.  She was a good egg.  
oh no!! great lady
This is stunning, sad news. I'm particularly shocked as she appeared to be in great health for her age.

What specifically was the cause of her passing?
/r/Fuck2016 
Gwen was a guest on the show I work on a few months back. Most guests don't take the time to stop and say hello to the crew but she came in early and joined the group of us for a quick hello and handshake. She was an absolute joy to work with throughout the morning and really made things easy for us. She really was a journalist’s journalist
:(
This year need to go fuck itself. Seriously. 
Noo! We need her now more than ever.
Where was she on NPR on morning Edition ? I remember on PBS a news hour 
I thought from the thumb nail it was Donna Brazil, I was happy.
We'll take all bike donations at Gearin' Up Bicycles at 314 Randolph Pl NE.
http://velocitycoop.org/

VéloCity Bicycle Cooperative

2111 Mt. Vernon Ave.
Alexandria, VA 22301

703-549-1108


Maybe give Phoenix Bikes a call? They seem to be the kind of organization you're looking for: http://www.phoenixbikes.org/

[Bikes for the World](http://www.bikesfortheworld.org/)
Thanks for the pointers everyone!   I knew Reddit wouldn't let me down.
/r/skyporn
Was the supermoon supposed to be better in other parts of the country. I feel a little underwhelmed by it here. 
My guess is the Presidential Salute Battery at Arlington practicing for the Inauguration. Could the sound be coming from that direction?
Sorry, took an extra blue pill this morning. 
Ok... So this one we actually CAN blame on Trump 100%
Do they still use the propane "cannons" to scare birds away at National Airport? I used to hear that sometimes when I worked in the area. 
Option 1: https://youtu.be/H7mwqHn3G1Y?t=5m19s

Option 2: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GBCmXBN83_4
I hear these from the Arlington Cemetery when they do the artillery cannon firing for a high ranking burial. They end up being every ~5 seconds for 11 rounds I think.
It's usually a salute for a military burial happening at the Arlington National Cemetery.  
Videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r5d2b48?feature=playlist)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
(1) [Arlington Cemetery Washington D.C.](https://youtube.com/watch?v=GBCmXBN83_4) (2) [Link Belt Diesel Powered Pile Driver Hammer Working](https://youtube.com/watch?v=H7mwqHn3G1Y&t=319s)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/5d2b48/_/da16xgu?context=10#da16xgu) - Option 1:   Option 2:  
[The Scarn - The Office](https://youtube.com/watch?v=OTanzOm71HU)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/5d2b48/_/da16wsl?context=10#da16wsl) - You're about to do the Scarn in a major way 
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Play All](http://subtletv.com/_r5d2b48?feature=playlist&ftrlnk=1) | [Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | Get it on [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf) / [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/mentioned-videos-for-reddit)
Call them and ask?
No, it's a convenience store with a deli. Good sandwiches but no tables.

Just down the road there is a brand new coffeeshop/deli with seating. The name eludes me right now, but it's right at the intersection of MacArthur and Foxhall in that complex with the dry cleaners/kitchen and bath showroom.  I haven't had the sandwiches, but the menu looks really good and their coffee is off the charts amazing.  

Also, The Boathouse at MacArthur and Cathedral is a decent casual sit-down lunch spot, and for something a little fancier but not super expensive, Bistroquet on Dana and MacArthur has really good French food, and Et Voila on the same block has probably the best Belgian food in the city.
Beware of the super mutants
But that picture makes it look cold - global warming can't be real!

/s 
Logan's Run all over.
I like that your digital version has motion for the fire!

Are you planning on selling a 52 piece set of these at the end of the year? 
Global warming. It's a real thing.


[Buy this print](https://www.etsy.com/listing/491810793/postcard-from-post-apocalyptic). 


&nbsp;

---

*[Postcards from Washington DC](http://carmonamedina.com/pfwdc) is a personal challenge to produce a weekly illustration that highlights life in the capital. 
 
 ---
 
 [instagram](http://instagram.com/carmonamedinastudio) /  [facebook](http://facebook.com/carmonamedinastudio) / [twitter](http://twitter.com/carmonamedina) 
Let me know when this goes for sale in the shop!
Man, Carlos, I need this one. Is it on sale yet? Didn't see it on your online shop.
seriously brilliant. 
I see you shinin' Carmon
You wanna end up on a watchlist? 'Cuz this is how you end up on a watchlist.
Check your university's gyms! They often have them, sometimes even include a certain number of appointments with tuition 
Well I paid $90/session with my trainer when I had one and thought it was a good deal. If you are looking for accountability, group fitness is a more affordable option. ADR fitness is on 16th st and they offer small group classes for around $30 (or less depending on the package you buy), focused on strength training. If you are ok with 30 minute training sessions, atlas fitness in Southeast has those for around $50. 
FIT on 17th at Q is great. I have a gym buddy and we go for an hour and it's $50/ea, so maybe too expensive alone but definitely worth checking out 
I had a friend hire someone from thumbtack.com who sounded quite good. Don't know how much she paid, but knowing this friend, I doubt it was very much. He even came to the gym at her apartment building. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/search?q=date+ideas&restrict_sr=on

take your pick
Walk the Georgetown waterfront, to end up at the Georgetown cliff, then walk the canal to get to exorcist stairs, then go to Toombs bar.  From there, walk through Georgetown strip and end up at Piano Bar.
If you can't come up with an original idea, I feel bad for the girl.
check out this website: https://www.eventbrite.com/d/dc--washington/events/

they have a lot of free events listed. I went to the November Evenings at the Edge: After Hours at the National Gallery of Art and it was a great time!
Comet Ping Pong. They could use the patronage.
There's a really simple solution to this: Weekend daytime date.
Any deals for those looking to quickly marry their hetero SO because their immigration status is, uh, questionable? 😕 we're very concerned about that next work permit renewal, despite having no criminal history. 
Oh yeah? [I'll do the ceremony for free](http://www.washingtoncitypaper.com/columns/the-sexist/blog/13118987/gay-marriage-in-dc-one-officiant-three-months-44-same-sex-weddings), too, if you keep it simple and in DC.
Article in DCist:
http://dcist.com/2016/11/in_the_wake_of_trump_victory_offers.php
I strongly support the spirit of what you are doing (unlike some of the comments on your Facebook page) but FYI what you're doing may be illegal in DC. The DC [human rights act](http://ohr.dc.gov/protectedtraits) makes sexual orientation a legally protected class. 

I'd strong suggested you contact a lawyer if you plan to continue publicizing this offer. At the very least they could help with the language and let you know if you need to limit the jurisdictions you offer this in. 
Why don't you just say that straight people can have the offer too if they donate?  That way, there's no legal ramifications, and I can't imagine there are that many straight people rushing to have a courthouse wedding without a photographer before Trump moves into the white house.  (And I mean they could be bi, or stealth transgender...)

Anyway I think it's great you're offering this! 

EDIT: Or just call this a donation of services! I bet the law doesn't say you have to donate to everyone equally, that wouldn't make sense right?
You should team up with a Pop Wedding Co! They're doing free ceremonies on a few dates prior to the chairman's inauguration. 
Trump is fine with gay marriage and supports the LGBT community. Where are you getting your news from?
Mike Pence is coming for your birth control.
But isn't Truvada expensive without insurance? Also, if you need an IUD, you have to make a doctor's appointment. It's also important to talk to a doctor based on your history. If you have a history of blood clots, the pill can be dangerous. 
Carafem offers plan b for 10 bucks on wednesdays. It might be worth going a couple of times and stocking up too if IUDs aren't your speed. I'm certain carafem will always run but better safe than sorry
I thought Pokemon go has been out for a while...
There's also apparently going to be a protest at Wilson and they're going to take on Downtown and Trump Hotel. ([Source](https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/education/large-group-of-md-high-school-students-walk-out-to-protest-trumps-election/2016/11/14/d4eb0b88-aa82-11e6-a31b-4b6397e625d0_story.html))

> Students at D.C.’s Wilson High School — the biggest high school in the D.C. Public School system — plan to take the Metro downtown on Tuesday, march along Pennsylvania Avenue and stand in front of the Trump Hotel holding hands, according to a widely circulated flier.
Bets on people that left to protest to people that just wanted to skip class ratio?
I was part of this. Really only left to skip classes, it was worth it
My favorite complaints are: "They aren't protesting the way that most fits my personal needs" 
Peaceful protests and civic involvement will be a more valuable lesson than what most of them would learn today in school. Good job, kiddos.
And they're blocking traffic too.  

We're in for 4 years of impotent rage, aren't we?
I feel like walking out of school is how America created Trump voters in the first place...
Yeah this happened today. It was extremely annoying. They blocked traffic. 
What do they think they're going to accomplish? 
Honestly, as someone who voted for Trump, one of the main reasons I voted for him is because I hate how whiney this country is becoming! You all don't realize that we're making memes and videos about your protests because we find them so hilarious! So go ahead, keep doing them....you're not going to accomplish anything (asides from blocking traffic - in a Democrat majority area...LOL) and you'll only add more fire to our memes and laughs.

We won. You lost. Embrace the new leader. 
🙄

Go back to class kids, your protest isn't accomplishing anything. Being in school is a more productive use of time for people who mostly can't vote anyway 
There's admittedly nothing they can do about this, but their location certainly doesn't help. Thinking about where I'd want to see first run movies at normal pricing, the two things that come to mind are comfort and convenience. With so many new movie theater choices in the District, it's hard to see how Arlington Drafthouse comes out ahead in this move.
How about they just get a not terrible website so we can find out what they are actually playing? Or show older things like the Halloween Shawn of the Dead showing I went to?
This just reminds me that it's been way too long since I've been here, and I need to go and support this local gem! 
That sucks but they gotta do what they gotta do. This is one of the few cinema houses in the area that is worth going to 
I approve any change they need to do in order to stay in business. I would hate to see such an institution go, only to stay as a vacant building or, equally as worse, be gutted and turned into some sort of trend shopping destination store which shuts within a few years.

I think the unlimited pass should go up to $78, thereby requiring 12 visits in a year (so an average of one a month) for it to begin paying off.

Likewise, if they are in the process of replacing seats, I wouldn't mind it if it edged its way closer to becoming like E St Cinema. I'm getting the feeling they'd like to go this way eventually but with a comedy aspect.

If things start to get worse, maybe AFI can reach over and extend a hand into placing it within its collection of buildings? ...or maybe they'd be willing to offer ownership of the building as a local investment co-op or b-corp which people could invest in?
Terrible location. The Thai restaurant next door has more parking than this place. It's disconnected from public transportation unless you're willing to bus in. 
I fucking love the Drafthouse, but I don't think I want to pay 9 bucks to sit in office chairs to watch a movie I could see for a similar price at a more comfortable theater. Maybe the upgraded seats will be nicer than just rolling chairs? 

I understand they gotta do what they need to do though. We go all the time for the Monday and Tuesday night discounts and support them by purchasing plenty of booze and food. But our justification for spending that money is the ticket in is like 2 bucks or something. But at $9... we would still go but no where near as often as we do now. Location isn't an issue for us, we're just a mile or two away.
Use the ATM in Australia unless you want to lose money 
My tip: wire it from an American bank to an Aussie bank. Definitely don't paypal it or WU it, as their exchange rates suck.
If you're eligible for PenFed CU (I think even if you're not DoD you can join with a small donation to a veterans charity) their credit cards have no cash advance fee and no foreign transaction fees.  

Keep the money in your bank, get a cash advance once you're in AUS, and pay it off immediately. Most credit cards have great exchange rates (looks like Visa is only upcharging .002 on each dollar converted compared to the current exchange rate) so it's essentially free conversion.
You can use your atm cards there as long as they are in the same network. I'd honestly recommend you not to carry wads of cash on the plane. 
>any tips it's about 5k $

What are you buying over there that requires you to carry 5k in cash on the plane with you? 

Just use a credit card or wait until you get there to get your cash. 
Use your debit or credit card. Even if you pay the 3% for foreign purchases (which you can avoid with a Capital One 360 card, amongst others), it's much better than walking around with a tonne of cash. 
Yeah i lived in Australia for a year, best way is to use the ATM there.  Also, their currency fluctuated quite a bit! When I arrived it was $1.17 to a USD, got up to $1.43.
Take a couple hundred with you. Most banks won't give you more than that on the spot anyway. You'd have to order it. But as others have said you get a shit deal that way.
Actually I am English but have lived here -& indiana  for 3 years so the 5k is my car and scooter sales money ....,,,,,
Seems you have left enough time to order it from your bank. I do it all the time through Bank of America, arrives via FedEx and it's insured just gotta sign at the door! 
(Cool!)
All of the places that I would've wanted to volunteer with aren't doing events right now... harumph.
Please stop calling this area the DMV. Thank you.
Nope. That's the only entrance.

The Key bridge is pretty fast if you take the Whitehurst instead of M Street. Not as dangerous as it sounds during rush hour when it's all backed up.
No, the next access point to the mt vernon trail south of the key bridge is down by the memorial bridge, which would cause you even more of a detour if you live in river place. Is there even a bike lane / sidewalk across the Roosevelt bridge? I thought it was motor vehicle only.
ah, yes, the Illuminati tower. fun fact: the most damning secrets are kept at the very top.
Overlooked? It's one of the first things you see flying in from the south.

edit: also, this was either taken at the King Street Metro stop or the Amtrak station, very popular with commutes who look at that everyday.
There are public tours, including (sloping!) elevators to the top, where there's a spectacular view.

While I'm a fan of the creepy Masonic Temple (despite losing its animatronic George Washington), are there a few words missing in the title? This is in Alexandria, not DC.
Another view, from a while back.
https://imgur.com/gallery/I9H0q
Ah yes, Patient Zero of all conspiracy theories everywhere.

It is a great monument.
I think it's my downtown 
Next time bring the opera to her...she shouldn't be anywhere where she can catch an infection, or slip/fall, etc. Too much at stake.
Don't quit your day job, Ruth.

No, seriously, please don't.
Stay young! The country needs you!
She just looks so happy! While I agree with /u/southarlington that she needs to be surrounded by a cocoon of safeness, maybe this sort of thing will provide the joie de vivre to keep her in fighting shape for the next four-to-eight years.
My parents were at this performance. Said she was wonderful (although she shouldn't quit her day job). Apparently the social commentary was also remarkably poignant in regards to recent political events (although apparently unintentionally so as she had planned this performance some time ago). 

Edit: For clarity... Apparently her performance was pretty bad, but it played with the opera perfectly, she subsequently received a standing ovation. 
Not going to pull any punches, [she wasn't very good](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppDOEIOF8vs).
Now that this is over is she going to make good on her promise and leave the country? She's really put her foot in her mouth a lot lately with the whole Trump commentary and the Kaepernick kerfluffle. If she gets anymore senile she won't make it through Trump's term.
Aslin is far and away the best brewery in the DC area and if he can snag you any IPAs (or anything, really) from them, you'll be a happy person. The only problem is releases are only on Thursdays at 3pm from the brewery and the quantity is extremely limited.

In terms of more attainable beers:

* DC Brau - On the Wings of Armageddon (Imperial IPA)
* Stillwater - Gose Gone Wild (dry-hopped gose)
* Union - Double Duckpin (Imperial IPA)
* Hardywood - Trickery (Barrel Aged Milk Stout)
* Hardywood - Gingerbread (Milk Stout)

Best beer selection will probably be at a Total Wine in VA or MD. Within DC, Schneiders has a small but good selection, Craft Beer Cellar is also great. 

Edit: Oh, and my favorite beer from DC itself is Atlas Rowdy Rye


You'll probably get many suggestions here, but you might have good luck posting to /r/DCBeer as well for an audience with great perspective on the matter.

I wasn't familiar with "Veil Brewing" until a googled it and it turns out that was because it's based out of Richmond, Virginia. Not typically considered within the "DC area" per se.  Whichever brewery/breweries your friend settles on, focus on American styles of beer like American Pale Ales and IPAs for a relatively unique experience than what may be available in your neck of the woods.

Post your thoughts when you do get to taste your souvenirs!
IMO 3 Star's Peppercorn Saison is the best beer brewed in DC.  

Not sure how mobile your friend is, but I've heard good things about Aslin brewing out in Herndon.  

If you're not set on beer and just want some DC-branded booze, I recommend checking out our distilleries.  One Eight's gin is quite good.  
Bluejacket! Mexican Radio
Out of the local breweries I like Port City, Jailbreak, Hellbender, Devil's Backbone, and Atlas.  Lost Rhino, 3 Stars, Flying Dog, and DC Brau are all decent.  If I were picking 3 beers to bring back I'd go with the Port City Porter, the Atlas Rowdy Rye, and either of the Jailbreak pale ales.  If you know what neighborhood he's in it would help in choosing a beer store- otherwise he might have a 30 minute cab ride.
Right Proper brews good stuff, especially sours.
[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9044 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/29192)
I have to agree with everything people have thrown out, but would also like to add in Franklins in Hyattsville as another option that has not been mentioned yet. Especially since they pretty much pre-date many of the ones listed here (they started brewing in 2002). They are often forgotten about because they are right outside the district, and the only way to get their beers is to go there. 
Others have said it, but Aslin is probably the best in the dc area, Ocelot is awesome as well, but all local breweries have at least some great offerings. Have your friend go to a bottle shop (I like K-1 in Arlington best, but total wine and other places are good) and you'll have your pick of awesome local stuff without having to drive around to different breweries. 
If you're willing to go out to downtown Silver Spring, there's a great beer garden and brewery called Denizens. Their beers are delicious. Also, they were founded by a local lesbian couple.  
  
You might also go to The Bier Baron. They serve over 600 beers (setting a regional record, I think) and have huge, rotating taps. Not sure how much of their stuff is local, though. Just thought I'd put it out there.
The Richmond beer scene, where The Veil is located, is amazing and worth a day or weekend trip. Their breweries blow DC's out of the water, and they are all about the hazy IPA game. Aside from the Veil, I highly recommend Triple Crossing, The Answer, Final Gravity, and Ardent. All of them are great, and relatively close together. Richmond is becoming (if it has not already become) one of the best beer cities in the country.
Can't recommend 3 stars highly enough. Dissonance was my personal favorite - right now they have cranberry and raspberry dissonance as well which (depending on how you like sour/fruity beers) are both really well made.
I cannot believe Bluejacket and Right Proper are not among the top comments. maybe because you can only buy their beers at their bar itself rather than in stores, but Bluejacket I think makes the best beer in DC, and their bottles are a steal at around $10-15, so similar to Ommegang or Chimay. Right Proper makes some fantastic beers as well, just slightly more expensive
DC Brau is the best brewery in the area. The others people are listing are "just ok"
A number of people on this sub were kind enough to take a look at the [original thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/5chfwq/missing_umd_student_kaitlyn_george_keep_your_eyes/) a few days ago. Thought you might want to hear the latest update even though it isn't necessarily DC-specific at this point.
or she's got a friend with a boat
Here are the first two results when googling your question, something that might save you time in the future.

Certain sprays, yes.
http://mpdc.dc.gov/page/mace-pepper-spray-and-self-defense-sprays

Stun guns, not yet.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/public-safety/dc-to-lift-stun-gun-ban-after-constitutional-challenge-by-gun-rights-advocates/2016/09/27/611579ac-84ba-11e6-ac72-a29979381495_story.html?0p19G=c

I am a female and also commute late at night. I keep pepper spray readily available when I am walking to the metro at night and take precautions whenever necessary. Shouldn't be an issue if you are keep it concealed, and as others have said, shouldn't be a problem if used as self defense. 
I'd also recommend taking a self defense class. I'm sure there are free or low cost options aimed at women. I took one and feel so much safer knowing how to handle myself. Thankfully I've never had to use it (so who knows how effective it has been) but just walking around I feel more confident and less scared, and that certainly counts for something. 
It is legal for an adult to carry pepper spray in DC, but if you buy it in DC you have to fill out a registration for it. There are also some sprays that are not legal in DC. 

Stun guns are illegal.

Your best bet though is to just not ride in an empty train car. If you see someone that makes you uncomfortable move to another car at the next stop (or using the doors at the end of each car while between stops if you feel an actual imminent threat). Also don't carry anything in your bag that isn't essential each day. That way if someone does rob you (which would be by far the most likely reason anyone attacks you on a metro train) you can give it over without too much hardship.

Realistically you won't be able to get your mace out and use it if you are attacked. Even if you did metro cars are closed in spaces. You're going to mace yourself and everyone else in the car as well and could inhibit your ability to fight back or other's to come to your aid.


Have you ever heard the phrase "rather be carried by six than judged by 12?" Sometimes gun advocates will use this phrase to justify the idea that the right to defend yourself is and should be a very high priority 

Ideally, the items you mentioned are concealed until they need to be produced in very serious circumstances... no-one should ever know you have it on you if you use caution and are very responsible with the pepper spray.

I've heard argue back and forth on whether or not these items are permitted in the district. My take is, if you feel like you need it -- then you need it.
If it will give you piece of mind I say carry it. Just don't have it dangling out in the open and only bring it out if you absolutely need it. Using that shit on the metro will ruin everybody's day.

I doubt any police officer would write you up if you used it to defend yourself from some scumbag. 
Recent attitudes in DC law enforcement tend to let everything slide depending on your financial/social situation. We're seeing kids being arrested with guns left and right and getting a slap on the wrist. This is a far cry from Gilbert Arenas getting crucified back in the day for bringing a collection into the locker room. 
I don't understand why civilians want to carry weapons. Do you really think you're going to do a better job of using a weapon than a criminal who may have a lot of experience attacking people? 
lol
Haha "a newly vibrant"- it's so stupid but NYT's paternalistic vibes towards D.C. crack me up 
Well, that was about as useless and clueless as I'd expect any NYTimes article about DC to be. 
The real worry should come from all the Metro's problems.  Now that midnight closing times are the new normal, it's hard to have a booming nightlight scene.  Uber fills the void for patrons, but it's not really enough for employees commuting from the suburbs that now face more expensive commutes. I'd be curious to see if tax revenue generated from bars /restaurants is down since the start of SafeTrack.  To me, that's the biggest threat to DC's culture.  Trump will probably be a terrible president, but DC's culture can probably withstand it.  The Metro entering a death spiral of increasingly worse service? That's much harder to overcome.
If you have to include a warning in the title about the NYT then maybe just don't make the post?
Pro or con?
The rally begins at 4:30pm in front of the US Army Corps Office at 441 G St NW Washington, DC 20226.  More details and RSVP at http://ourrev.us/STOP-DAPL-DC
At $85 a year and having used it to explore more places around DC than I have been able to, while also saving money, and get some exercise; consider me a huge fan of Bikeshare.
Love this system, but it is not without issues. Biggest  among them being not having a bike when you need it, which the article only briefly mentions at the end. Honestly just touches on some copy and pasting from bikeshares website and a few quick numbers. Not really a discussion about how bikes are replacing metro rides. 
Shameless plug for the DC metropolitan area bicycling sub: /r/BikeDC 

Since none of the other comments mentioned them, here are a couple of apps you can use to see if there are bikes or docks available:  

[SpotCycle](http://www.spotcycle.net/)  

[CabiTracker](http://www.cabitracker.com/)
Check out the Capital City orchestra at the Atlas Performing Arts center on H Street NE. They have a performance on Sunday afternoon.
I play clarinet/bass clarinet in the Capital Wind Symphony and Capital City Symphony. I think CCS had a lot of woodwinds on the roster from auditions this September, though it's always worth checking. 

CWS has 2 oboes... I cant speak for the conductor/personnel manager, but I'm sure we'd love to have you! This group rehearses in Arlington and is composed of many music educators in the area.  We have a website and you can contact the personnel manager and schedule an audition. We already had a fall concert, so rehearsals will start up again in January. 

I think there's a gamer orchestra of DC that is doing auditions soon as well... PM me if you want that person's email. 
[Arlington Concert Band](http://www.arlingtonconcertband.com/)! We could always use oboes. No auditions, it's not too demanding but most of the people played through college and there are a lot of area music teachers are members.
I'm a French horn player in the [Montgomery Philharmonic](http://montgomeryphilharmonic.org/). We could certainly use more woodwind players. 
The two sites (license and inspections) are located close to each other in SW. Just be sure that you have every single piece of required documentation. Check on line to see what they require. Both places actually work pretty well, if you have your stuff together.
I just recently converted my VA license to DC, got car registered in DC, and got the DC emissions inspection. You can get the license conversion and registration done same day at DMV and they give you 45 days after getting the temporary registration to get the emissions inspection. It may be different for you if the car dealer is handling some registration aspect for you. I made a reservation at the car inspection facility, but didn't seem to matter much. I waited in a short line and was in and out in about 20 minutes mid-day on Friday afternoon. 
No you can't do them together and yes you do. The inspection site does inspections and it's all they do and it's quite fast and organized since they stopped caring about safety issues. Trust me that you'll want to go to a place that deals with cars to deal with your car, and a place that deals with paper to deal with your documents.  If the two were mixed at the inspection station it would make for a nightmare.
suspicious package. 
Just got this email. I must have got out of the building just in time.

Dear Tenants,


Today our first floor tenant, African Wildlife Association, received a package in the mail with a white powder substance.  The police were immediately notified and a hazmat team has responded to the building.  We do not have an eta about how long the investigation will take.  Hazmat has requested that all tenants who are still in the building stay in place while they proceed with their investigation.
Hope everyone is well! 
Take the intern housing. Those places are set-up so that you really only pay for the months or weeks that you need. Trying to find a place on the open market that matches your internship dates perfectly is extremely difficult, and any time you pay for when you're not living there is just wasted money. 
May we suggest also checking out WIHN (Wash. Intern Housing Network).
Website: http://thewihn.com/

I had former interns stay there. Their prices are competitive, if not better than WISH. 
WISH will definitely match the internship pretty easily. Other than that, Craigslist will be your best bet as the larger apartment complexes want longer term leases rather than anything month to month.
In regards to living 'downtown,' it honestly depends on what you want your commute to look like in the spring. Depending on funds, you could probably find a place in DuPont, Adams Morgan, U Street, or somewhere else with a very active nightlife, but your commute may be 45+ minutes both ways, which can be taxing after a long day at work. I'd recommend living closer to where you work as almost anything extracurricular is within metro/uber distance.
Seconding The WIHN. They offer newer housing in apartment buildings with fitness facilities, secure entry, concierge etc. all within walking distance to the US House or Senate. Their rates include all furnishings, utilities, taxes and fees. 

Last I checked they were slightly better reviewed than WISH on google. 

Otherwise Craigslist or an Airbnb but those can be crazy pricey for your time period. 

Cheers!
Take the intern housing, it's much easier for your situation.
You aren't going to find a better deal than the intern housing especially since its all inclusive. Just do that, you'll be glad for the simple experience giving you more time to spend doing stuff than worrying about finding housing.
I stayed in WISH twice.... my only complaint was the price. But it was good that they set you up with roommates, included everything, and you could rent it site unseen. Those are all great things when you're coming from a ways away. 

Edit: [Who the hell downvotes a response to an intern help question?](https://cdn.meme.am/instances/400x/34829664.jpg)
I've done WISH, and it's the easiest. Plus, many apartments on Craigslist won't have a furnished place available for only 4 or 5 months. 
Obviously this is just someone left behind in the struggling postindustrial town of Silver Spring- had the recovery found a better non-service job for this individual, then wouldn't have to act out like this.  

Just a bout of economic anxiety is all, the fact that it's on a sign in Spanish has nothing to do with it at all.  Nope, no racism here.
[deleted]
It le didn't le happen and it's a false flag planted by George Soros.
Yeah. Definitely a Trump supporter. In a zip code that's 10% white.  
This shit is so transparent.
Suspicious package apparently. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/5cz0lf/whats_going_on_at_16th_and_p_nw/
Thread is locked.  I get the idea behind locking threads, but honestly it is really infuriating sometimes.
black squirrel i will bet.
It's a struggle to stay positive right now.
I'm just feeling pretty good today, all things considered. I got to spend the weekend with my brother up in Rhode Island, where we decided our theme for the visit was going to be "coffee tourism." We were SO DAMN CAFFEINATED. We must have gone to about 30 different cafes/coffee houses in 2 and a half days. Plus one of my schools is now one of the last 2 undefeated teams in FBS (Go Western Michigan Broncos!). Which is a nice surprise, honestly! Though, watching my other school get beaten by Iowa with a last second field goal AGAIN hurt.

It's a sunny, crisp autumn day, with lots of great coding work on my schedule at the office...I just really needed a good start to the week, and I think today is going to be that.
The cold air felt great on my commute this morning!
I did an Ethiopian food tour with my friends this past weekend and it was effing amazing.
ANC rep started a GoFundMe for a family in need in my neighborhood. They are already at 4x their goal. Community support is meaningful.
https://www.gofundme.com/emergency-fire-relief-for-serita
My friend was elected to a city council in VA, via write-in.

A bunch of friends and I got out of the city to hike and chilled on the Stoney Man summit in SNP.

I had a nice date on Saturday night and have date two on the calendar.
It's been a tough past week 
:/


*sigh*

I will get through this. We will get through this
whats up bamas? i have two tickets to the atmosphere/brother ali show tonight at the 930 club. free to the first PM. doors at 7.
Columbia Heights escalators are all currently running! That was 7 months to repair the northeast pair.
Local football team won. Feels good. 
my 2 cents - it looks really dark and cluttered in the photos - I know obviously all your stuff would be gone, but people have a hard time imagining their own things in a place.  The lighting makes it look like there are zero windows, which may be the case, but do what you can to brighten it up?  Anyways hope that is somewhat useful for you.
The $1550 monthly rent vs the $1400 security deposit is the biggest red flag I see
>My pictures could be better, so maybe that's it?

Basement apartments are usually judged on a scale ranging from "complete dungeon" to "can barely tell it's underground". Unfortunately the pictures make yours look pretty far toward the dungeon end of the scale. 
You have no pictures of the shower. As a person who looks forward to showers, that's a red flag for me. Also, the pics are pretty dark.
Better lighting. Doesn't look too sunny. Consider adding a full pic of bathroom and parking spot. 

Market slow this time of year.
Was it [this guy](https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/trafficandcommuting/as-nation-seethes-a-charged-clash-on-metro-disrupts-green-line-commute/2016/11/12/823ac39c-a915-11e6-8042-f4d111c862d1_story.html)?
Yes, it's possible that the guy is a racist asshole, but it's also entirely possible that he smelled something you didn't.

Let's not leap to conclusions.
I personally do not like to smell anyone's body odor. I don't care what race you are. I don't care if its sweat or some weird detergent you use. I don't like the smell of random strangers. Is that weird?
If covering your nose and fanning the air when you smell something gross is now "discrimination," my wife is in for a rude awakening when she gets the letter from my attorney.  
I worked at an airport for awhile for whatever reason almost all stores were run by middle easterners(various groups). Definitely a distinctly different smell from them. Pretty horrible smell to most white people, one day there was a guy who must have not showed in what smelt like weeks or months. I honestly almost threw up. Americans just aren't use to the spices and curries. My SO is indian, we stink after making indian food with her grandfather for whatever reason it is a sticky smell especially in hair.
I wouldn't think about it too much. I ride the buses often and tend to see a bunch of strange people covering their noses and doing all sorts of things to make it known that they hate riding the bus. They're the ones making a big deal out of it and they look absolutely silly doing so. Like, honestly, if you don't want to be on a public bus and be among "the poors," go get an Uber/Lyft. No one on that bus cares about your ~*delicate senses.*~ Ugh. Sorry for the grumpy rant y'all.
I'm not sure there's a correlation between Trump and calling out people's body odor

The fact is, wearing deodorant is just a necessity if you're traveling on public transportation in America in 2016. It's common sense and it's being considerate of those around you. Just do it....!
One person did this = discrimination trend 

gg
No matter what race you are, but if you smell bad and people around you are getting irritated by it than it is not their problem or discrimination at all. Either shower and scrub the hell out of your body or do something about the smell. This will continue to happen,FYI.
That man has silently thought people of color have stunk for his entire life, but now that we elected a racist as our president it's OK so say it out loud. Fun times.
Well....the busses do stink. But seriously, please don't start going around picking a fight with people that cover their nose. Maybe they have a sensitive nose, maybe you do stink. Either way, as long as you're not threatened. I would just carry on with your day. 
Could have been strong cologne?
There should be a smell test before boarding any public transit or elevator. 
I'm pretty sure this is bait. 
sadly, there is truth in this, in that in many countries they do not put the same emphasis on masking body odor as they do in europe and the US. In many places the natural body odor is normal and unnoticed, but here since we mask and cover everything, you notice it as soon as it's there.

Unfortunately, many of those places where hygene is a bit different just happens to be places where we have large portions of immigrants coming from. India for example. While I know many indians who have great hygiene, I do feel i'm more likely to come across  body odor smells from Indian men than other peoples I commonly see.
I've been doing this after interactions with a co-worker who smells like month-old cat litter every day for years. 
Ugh, if someone organized an Airbnb boycott for that time (i.e. DCers refusing to rent out their places to those here for the inauguration) that would be amazing. I've already offered my place up to friends from around the country for the women's march the next day.
Guy normally has his place listed for $108 has it **listed** for $1,800 for the inauguration. 

I'd like to short that listing, please. 
I live in a building where the leases explicitly ban Airbnb. Someone already has their 500 sq ft studio up for $1,000 a night. 
Hotels in DC are empty on those dates. Most of his supporters cannot afford to fly and pay for hotels.
I think they're in for a rude surprise. I think the market for everything inauguration will be very weak.  Trump's fans are poor white folks in the Midwest, South and Plains that won't be making the trip. And he's mostly hated in the DC area and by party faithful. 
Capitol Lounge has some in the basement, although it's worth knowing the table service there is probably some of the worst in the city. Order from the bar. Atlas Arcade has a pool table, too.
Related question - is there any ping pong on the East side? 
Uncapped 1gbps for $70? Holy shit, that's on par with Google Fiber. Wish I was on RCN's coverage right about now..
I've had RCN for a couple years now, and they are fantastic. I have both internet and tv, and their internet is generally faster than advertised. Would recommend if you're in their coverage area. 
I saw this on the side of a bus. Do I need this? No. Do I want this? Kinda. Do I want to pay $20 more per month for this? Not sure. 
Oh shit, I may have to get on this. For anyone in the RCN coverage area, they are so much better than Comcast. 
I hate that the only options in my neighborhood are Comcast and Fios (supposedly...been told different things by multiple reps). 

What keeps RCN from servicing the whole city? Access to poles?
Pretty sure the people whose votes swung WI/MI for him think that this is what DC looks like on an everyday basis anyway.
Looks like the protest left is back, reminds me of the Bush years.
Slightly random question... but what camera/lens did you use? There were some great angles/footage in there
I always scan the crowd hoping to see someone pulling a Harris:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQOWP7N27DE 
Did you catch the "rape Melania" signs on camera? I saw 2 of them.
Without being on twitter is there a way to be notified about when / where these protests will occur?
How nice of them to make clear to fence-sitters watching at home that they should get behind Trump. I love how deluded and out of touch these people are that they have no idea that the result of these little outbursts is precisely the opposite of what they intend to accomplish.
Don't these people have something better to do? I didn't support him but god give him a chance. He's already gone back on multiple things he's said like the wall, Obamacare, and who knows what else he'll flip on for the better of the people. Remember he did say in the 90's that he would run Republican cuz they were bat shit crazy. Maybe he will do what is right for everyone but until he does something wrong as the president elect/president, protesting won't do anything.
Embarrassing 
As much as I dislike Trump and his rhetoric, it's no excuse for being that vile.
The fuck is wrong with some people?
This is disgusting. If you were disgusted by Trump's statements regarding assaulting women, this should be equally revoting.
This is the struggle with all major protest movements. The Tea Party, Occupy Wall Street,Black Lives Matter--none of them can really guarantee that one or two assholes won't slip in among the thousands of people at a demonstration carrying a sign like this (or a sign about dead cops at a BLM rally, or a sign of Obama as Hitler at a Tea Party rally, etc.) 

It's a massive decentralized grassroots movement where people come and go; there isn't coordinated messaging, there's no central body preapproving signs or monitoring what people say or do at an event. 

I do think it ends up being almost a Rorschach test for observers though. If you're sympathetic to the movement you're not going to tar an entire protest movement with the actions of a few. If you're hostile to the movement you're going to zoom in on the asshole and ask loaded questions about why no one else at the rally stopped him. 

Ultimately, things like this are deplorable and need to be called out though. If you're a pro-Trump person who resented being lumped in with the assholes who wave around "Trump That Bitch" signs at his events, then don't lump in all anti-Trump people with the asshole holding a "Rape Melania" sign. (And this goes both ways, of course). Hold people accountable for their actions and the things that they control,and don't displace responsibility from assholes like this.
Came to this sub all the way from Australia to ask about this. Was anyone here actually at this protest and saw this?

[The photographer claims](http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2016/11/hillary-supporter-holds-rape-melania-sign-dc-protest-front-trump-hotel/): "The sign was held aloft without any reaction by the estimated one-hundred-fifty Hillary Clinton supporters protesting the election of Trump. It was not until a lone Trump supporter waded into the protest and confronted the man that he took down the sign and fled."

That dubious story, combined with the fact that anyone holding a sign at a protest is going to be holding their sign facing forwards rather than backwards (especially if they're at the back of the protest) makes me suspect the guy with the sign was a friend of the photographers, planted there just long enough to get the photo.
This is gross 
Does anyone else think it is *interesting* that the person holding up that sign is wearing black clothes and black gloves? Looks like a troublemaker/agent provocateur to me...

Obviously, the sign is completely unacceptable. *And designed to provoke outrage.*
 When we are fighting for women's rights on one hand, and on the other we are comparing portraits of Michelle Obama to nudes of Melania Trump and slut-shaming her - this is now just icing on the cake for the opposition.

 Hypocrites do not have a leg to stand on.
This thread gave me cancer. 
Snopes debunked, it's not real
I want to see who's holding the sign and I want to know ~~why none of~~ if any of the other protesters rebuked him.
[deleted]
A Breitbart plant
That's totally photoshopped.  

Too many people have a voice 
I've lived in the District for 6 years. 

1. I lived in H street area (13th and F NE) in 2011. This was right when the streetcar tracks were being put in so H street itself was a bit of a mess. However, there were a lot of cool bars at the time and H street wasn't overcrowded due to the neighborhood being relatively inaccessible. This was pre Uber and taxis did not like driving over there yet. Crime was there but no worse than it is today. 

2. I moved to NW near the convention center (6th and O). This was by far the worst neighborhood I've ever lived in. Crime was everywhere. 4 people were murdered within a block of my place during the year I lived there. Robberies weren't a problem surprisingly. It was, and still is, drug territory. Kids would ditch school and smoke blunts in my apartment stairwell. They'd leave trash everywhere, which led to a mouse problem. The plus of this neighborhood was its close proximity to almost everything. U street hadn't quite exploded yet (this was in 2012) so bars such as American Ice and The Brixton weren't bursting at the seams with douchebags. 

3. I moved back to the H street neighborhood (16th and D). Kingman Park is the neighborhoods name. I lived here for almost 4 years. My apartment was broken into once, they took everything. Other than that I loved it there even though the work commute was awful. H street was only a 10 minute walk, eastern market only 15 min. I was ready to move only because the space I had called home for almost 4 years had become too small for me. Also, H street hadn't changed in 2 years. The two gigantic apartment buildings and Whole Foods were going to open and transit for the area was already a mess. There simply aren't enough places for people to go and he neighborhood put a moratorium on bars. It was time to move on. 

4. I live in Cleveland Park now which was a drastic change from NE but I really like it so far! Close proximity to work and Columbia heights/Adams Morgan. It's much quieter and I see nothing but trees out my window. 

I love this city but some of the development is very monotonous and overpriced. There's still plenty of great places to live. They each have their gives and takes. It's not a big city so regardless of where you live you're never far from any given place. Commute is my #1 concern. 
Capitol Hill, coming up on 22 years now. I lived over by the library of congress for a while and now live closer to Lincoln park. Being close to the Capitol/union station was nice, but it always felt overrun by hill staffers and there were quite a few rats (dead and alive) on our street because it was close to the restaurants on Pennsylvania. 

Love living near eastern market though. It's super walkable, the metro is right there (it was better before safe track obvs), and there's a sense of community here that I really like. It's been crazy to watch how this place has changed in the past ~2 decades. 
9.5 years, I moved here in the summer of 2007. 

1. Columbia Heights, 2007-2009. Lived in three different group houses. It was nice having so many amenities, especially once DCUSA opened, but I never felt safe there. CH was the only place I've lived where I heard gunshots regularly and experienced really aggressive harassment (and would occasionally have people follow or grope me). I don't even really go back up there to visit anymore.

2. Park View, 2009-2010. I got the most bang for my buck here - rented a rowhouse with a yard with one other friend for about the same per-person cost as the group houses in CH - but it was still kind of crappy at that time. Old terrible Safeway, no CVS, only a couple of restaurants, and the house I lived in was falling apart. Had one really amazing neighbor on that block but also a few terrible ones, one of whom was really abusive to her kids. Lots of street harassment, but not as bad as CH. Fewer gunshots overall, but we did have one horrible shooting a few houses down with multiple fatalities. Found out just last year that the house had lead pipes, too. Oops. 

3. Shaw, 2010-present. I bought a condo here and was SO glad I did, especially because I had also considered buying in Park View. I love the neighborhood, I have great neighbors, the location is awesome (close to the Metro! close to 395! so many bus options!), and obviously my condo turned out to be a great investment. Shaw is also a lot quieter and feels much safer - I experience catcalling and rowdy teenagers here and there, but have never been followed or physically attacked, and I have never heard gunshots on my block in nearly 7 years. The only downside is that the gentrification has really gotten out of control, to the point where pockets of the neighborhood are really sterile and unfamilar (a Warby Parker at 8th and Florida? REALLY?? At least the flea market had some character). I'll stay in this location for as long as I live in the District. 

Now live in Pentagon City.  Frankly, I get more bang for my buck here, and don't regret the move.  However, I've lived in:

1).  Capitol Hill/Eastern Market (twice):  Isolated.  Expect huge Uber bills to Dupont, etc.  Not a ton to do, especially the second time.  It's an odd combination of unsafe, and gentrified that I didn't enjoy.  I thought 8th street was better with the dive bars that have been replaced by places like Matchbox.  The only real grocery store is a hike.  Relatively speaking it is cheaper, but we got a terrible deal the second time because we were desperate.  Be smart, and you can find a great deal here.

2).  Adams Morgan:  The best, IMO.  Everything is there, and you COULD get a great place for a decent price.  Not sure about the current environment, but I lived here for 3 years prior to moving to San Diego.  Loved it.  Fondest memories are here.  You have access to Dupont Circle, but without the high prices.

3).  Logan Circle:  Least favorite.  We were on the "sketchy" side.  High prices, but with the constant hooker interactions, and safety concerns that made it not worth it.  My fiance thought it was hilarious, but it sucked worrying about her safety if she went out at night.  Pizzoli's has the best cheesesteak on Earth though, so that was great.  My fiance grew up in Society Hill in Philly, and even she thought it was the bomb.  Must remove the lettuce and tomato though.  That's really not a cheesesteak DC!!!!

That's it until we decide to buy.  Hopefully prices come down :)
Grew up in tenleytown and now live in the house I grew up in. It was A great place to grow up. Not too suburban and not too urban. Now that I got 2 kids, it's great to have access to good schools. 

I've also lived in Dupont  and Columbia heights. Both were great.  I loved the walkability but Dupont got too expensive and fashionable for me.

Cohi was also great but the crime and income inequality breeds a hostility that is always palpable.  The location is hard to beat though. 
I lived in the suburbs for ten years.

Old Town Alexandria: I was a teenager but I loved that everything was accessible. The waterfront, the mall, movies, etc. It was a safe neighborhood to grow up in and I felt like we didn't even really *need* the District to be able to enjoy living "in the city." 

Hyattsville (Adelphi), MD: I did not like living here. It's close enough to the city (and, of course, in PGC) to inherit the crime and terrible driving, but not close enough to prevent me from having to drive to a Metro station and making a commute to work a big fat pain in the ass. Ended up taking a job in Columbia because the 40 minute drive was more relaxing than dealing with driving to Ft. Totten and metroing into the city.

We're planning to move back with our family (mid-twenties, toddler) in the next year or two. I'm looking strongly at Columbia Heights or Shaw, the former for being extremely accessible, the latter because it's become a safe neighborhood and I have family living there still. My mom lives in Eckington and she doesn't mind it too much, but with Rhode Island Ave. metro shut down currently it's a bit of a pain to get around, and you need to be "urban smart" around that area unlike you would in, say, Dupont.
I live in Capitol Hill and love it.  The rowhouses are beautiful, it feels like a real neighborhood.  I say hi to my neighbors and do a bit of gardening, but still have really easy access to the metro at (orange/blue/silver) Capitol South or the red line at Union Station.  There are some great restaurants along Penn Ave and 8th street (barracks row) and my favorite bar and my local the Tune Inn.  It's not as happening as H or U street, but you can walk to H street pretty easily. Eastern Market is sweet for gifts, decorations, or local produce, meat and other edibles. The parks like Lincoln Park, Kingman Island, and the Yards are close.  Also Nats park and RFK are within walking distance.  The only thing it really lacks is a decent grocery store close by.  It's around a 20 minute walk to the nearest one, but if you have a car it's not an issue.  Also, the rent is reasonable.
Born and raised in DC, I lived in SE/Anacostia/East of the River for much of my life. Most of that time I lived in Hillcrest, a pleasant  neighborhood of single-family homes with large yards surrounded by parks. Unfortunately, the retail market decayed over the years (particularly after 1968) but it's slowly rebounding. Hillcrest is 5 minutes from Capital Hill and a minute from the Anacostia Freeway which made it easy to get to Virginia and downtown DC.

About a decade ago I moved my family to the more diverse neighborhood of Takoma DC. In that decade, I've seen significant positive change with new restaurants but not much retail, but I'm close to Silver Spring/Wheaton, a 10-15 minute drive to Bethesda and Columbia Heights. Both Hillcrest and Takoma have a strong community spirit and friendly neighbors. The thing I dislike about Takoma is the condition of the surrounding DC roads. But the best thing by far is the proximity to Rock Creek and Sligo Creek Parks.

I've also lived in Roslynn, Franconia, and Georgetown. I had a nice townhome (brand new construction) in Franconia but it was too far from the city for me. I was in car way too much. Georgetown and Roslynn were wonderful but that was group home and apartment sharing living. 
Local to the area, grew up on Capitol Hill. People always seemed to be amazed that I haven't moved here from somewhere else. Live in Alexandria now. 
Over 7 years. Started in Foggy Bottom as t was close to grad school (not at GWU but between my two campuses). Not a huge fan of that area, but I do miss TJs. Very safe. 

Then we moved to Eastern Market - loved it. So much to do, so convenient, fairly safe and just a really nice neighborhoody place. Bought around the corner from our rental. 

Now we're in SW for more space. Not a ton going on here, but it feels fairly safe and soon enough the waterfront will reopen which will be great. 
Move to DC in 2002 so 14 years now. 

First lived in Adams Morgan. Back then it was really tough to get a taxi to take you east of 16th street. But it was pretty awesome to be able to stumble home after getting wasted and eating jumbo slice and in 5 min you're back home either in your own bed or puking into your own toilet.

Lived in Truxton Circle for a few years. Lotta gun shots back then. I remember when Big Bear Cafe first opened up. It was like a white refugee camp. But goddamn was real estate there super cheap so you put up with it all.

Did a couple stints in Columbia Heights after DC USA opened up. It was just as stabby/shooty back then as it is now, which is not a lot compared to the old old days. Less moms at Wonderland tho back then.

Lived in Navy Yard for a year in one of the new buildings but before the Harris Teeter opened up. Grocery shopping was kind of a pain but the Capitol Riverfront park is still the best. As a bicyclists, I loved the easy access to the monuments/Mall and riding home from anywhere was all downhill.

A couple years in Bloomingdale. Great commute to work, kinda lean in the local stuff. You can only go to Showtime or Boundary Stone so often.

Now in Lanier Heights altho I just tell everyone I'm in Adams Morgan because no one really knows where Lanier Heights is. But AM is getting a Popeye's Chicken so I will always say I'm in Adams Morgan from now on. It's also so much more tolerable. It is downright pleasant on weekdays/Sundays and even on Fri and Sat nights, the craziness is limited to at most a block and half of 18th St.
7 years, for the past 3 I've lived near Eastern Market, lived in Columbia Heights and Dupont before that. I love love my neighborhood for the sense of community and for the easy walkability to a bunch of stuff. I dislike it because it's far from my friends who live in Columbia Heights & Mt. Pleasant. I would maybe move back up to NW...possibly after I finally find a damn job (anyone need to hire an attorney?)
I've been here 3.5 years. First I lived in Capitol Hill, on 10th and Maryland Ave. the location was fine but it's a 20 minute walk to the closest metro stops, Union Station or Eastern Market. I usually took a bus to either one. I actually loved the location, but my roommates were horrible so I moved. 

Next, I lived in Petworth on Quincy Ave and 12th. It was super close to the Georgia Ave metro and the Safeway, but there was a lot of crime. There was a sexual assault and robbery the week before Christmas at the end of my block, and there were always shady people hanging out on the corner, so I decided to move again.

Next I moved back to Capitol Hill/ H street. 13th and Maryland NE. The neighborhood was fine but transportation was so unreliable, and it was over a mile to Union Station. I absolutely hated it. 

Now I'm in Navy yard, and I've been here about 2 months. So far I love it. Tons of restaurants, Harris Teeter is amazing, and metro is a block away. 
Living in Shaw but moving to Alexandria next month and I can't wait. Cheaper rent, more space, better quality of life, cleaner, actual parking spaces, and safer. Shaw is the opposite.
I've been in DC four years on and off by now.

1. Capitol Hill (3rd and Constitution NE): Right next to the Supreme Court, easy access to both Union Station and Cap South Metros. There was absolutely nothing to do in these areas.

2. H St. NE area (G and 11th NE): I loved living right off of H St., NE. Everything you needed is within walking distance -- there's bars, restaurants, and a grocery store. It was perfect.

3. Trinidad. I LOVE this neighborhood. Similar access to H St. (only about a 15 minute walk away) and much more bang for your buck. Neighborhood can be a bit dangerous, but people are really friendly for the most part. When the Whole Foods goes in, a grocery store will be even closer. Great bus route access with the D4 and D8. Highly recommend it.
I've lived off and on in DC in 5 neighborhoods since 1993. Every neighborhood I've picked has been right on the edge of gentrification. Just seemed to be where I found the sweet spot of price, good places to go out, and commute to work downtown. 

* DuPont Circle (19th & R) from 93-95
* U St (15th & U) from 97-99
* Columbia Heights (16th & Park) from 05-08
* Kalorama (California just off Conn Ave) from 09-11
* Trinidad (Morse just off Benning) from May'16

Of them all, Kalorama was the best. Had a sweet rent deal, 20 minute walk to work, all the DuPont restaurants and bars, good public transport to the rest of the city.

My current hood - Trinidad - I probably would have liked a lot more in my 30s. Now, I'm sick of the chicken bones and other trash my dogs find everywhere, the multiple murders, the open air drug market at Starburst Plaza. Though I do have awesome neighbors on the block and an easy commute to my office in Chinatown.
Six years now, except a six-month break for work back in 2013. Lived here briefly as a kid but that doesn't really count. 


Until this past summer, I lived on Capitol Hill, between Eastern Market metro and Navy Yard metro. Over the five years I lived there, 8th Street went from "nice" to "oh god, who can afford to eat here?! Am I poor?" But we have more grocery stores than we used to and parking got better as a few churches sold out and moved with their congregations out of the city. 

I now live in Eckington, which means the answer was probably "yes," but honestly even Eckington has charm. I bike more, and while the sirens on North Capitol Street aren't what I'd call great ambience, one gets over it surprisingly fast. And still only a short walk from a couple great restaurants and bars, though metro access isn't what it was on Capitol hill.
I've lived here for almost two and a half years. 

1) I lived in East Falls Church after graduating college. I didn't know any better. I hated it, there was nothing really easily accessible around my apartment, and having to rely on Metro go get into the city was a nightmare. My roommates, who were much bigger homebodies than I am, didn't mind it as much, but I was miserable. 

2) Adams Morgan. The apartment itself was a drafty basement, but location wise, it was perfect. We were just off 18th street so there was a lot close by, but it was never loud or noisy in our apartment. I felt very safe, saw the occasional drug deal but nothing too concerning, and there were a million different buses we could easily catch to get anywhere we wanted.

3) I now live in between Dupont and Adams Morgan. It's very residential and safe, with super easy access downtown, to U Street, Dupont, etc. Paying a lot to live here, and it's not exactly "cool," but it's still pretty nice.
I've lived here for 7 weeks and live in SE Capitol Hill near the Potomac Ave metro. It's not as lively as I would like, but I'm walking distance to Barracks Row/Eastern Market so I'm very frequently over that way. Plus I have my dive bar (Trusty's) and 2 grocery stores around the corner. I've never ever felt unsafe here. It's super accessible and I can get just about anywhere relatively quickly since I'm on 3 metro lines. My rent is reasonable and I have a great landlord. I kept my car and parking is super easy, never had an issue whatsoever. I'm pretty close to my work and though I would've preferred to be in U St/Bloomingdale/Shaw/etc, this was a pretty good compromise for the time being. Not sure if I'll stay in this neighborhood after a year but it really just depends if I find something worth moving for since I hate moving.
I live in nova but I tell people I'm from dc
I've been living in Brookland for 4 years. The area surrounding CUA has some good restaurants and bars and what not but other than that not a lot going on. 
Im a native.  

I have lived in Adams Morgan which I love for having an genuine neighborhood feel.  It has retained a unique character (for now at least) over the years.  Downside would basically be slightly limited metro access.  I love Adams Morgan though.  

I have also lived in Chinatown which some people dislike because of the noise and somewhat unsavory element on the street.  I love it though.  So much crazy shit.  I saw somebody get arrested or a fight or somebody going crazy every single day.  It's exciting even if some days it's just tiring.  Great access to anywhere in the city as well.
I've lived in the District for 10 years. In reverse chronological order.

Hill East (2015-Present) Spouse and I own a condo in a small building. Nice and quiet, but just 10 minutes from the bars and restaurants on Barracks Row. People say "hello" and "good morning" when you walk around. Easy to get to other parts of the city and out of the city via 395. I don't have a car, but use ZipCar a bit. Parking seems easy, so I'm considering buying one again. Most of my friends live in Shaw/Bloomingdale/Logan so I tend to Uber to those parts. Also hang out on H Street a lot- it's a quick bikeshare ride away. Love the convenience of living right by the Potomac Ave metro, which is on blue, orange and silver. Plenty of grocery store options, including the upcoming Trader Joe's near Eastern Market. I do feel a little uneasy walking alone in the evenings when coming from Barracks Row. There are a lot of desolate stretches of Pennsylvania Ave. that  don't have much activity in the evenings.

Logan Circle (2010-2015) Rented a studio in a large, professionally managed building. Amazing for socializing. Went out in 14th Street and U Street a lot. Also walked to Chinatown and Georgetown when ambitious. Metro access wasn't great, but I was within a 15 minute walk of every single line. Loved having Whole Foods close by. I had a good deal on rent, but the place was tiny and I left because I was ready to buy.

Kalorama (2006-2009) Rented an apartment in an old townhouse from a private landlord. Quiet, friendly neighborhood. It was an easy walk to Adams Morgan, Dupont, and U Street which really were the center of it all at the time. This was the only place where we owned a car and street parking was a nightmare. We'd drive around for over an hour trying to park some evenings. Not that convenient for commuting or the grocery store. My husband and I both walked 30 minutes to the Foggy Bottom area, which was our best option. Left because the rent kept going up (and the place was poorly maintained and not worth it!)
I...actually live in Maryland.

Sorry. I'll stop telling everyone I live here and go home.
Whole life so 18+ years. Lived in woodly park for all of it. Honestly, it probably one of the most private parts of the city. It's honestly quite nice. I'm in college right now and miss it.
I live in Courthouse in the corner where it meets Clarendon and Lyon Park, which was technically once part of Washington DC so I still list DC everywhere online. Where I live is pretty good, I have quick access to metro, roads, and bike paths to get anywhere. I live in one of the older apartment complexes which is just good but not too expensive.

There isn't a ton of things to do here. The Clarendon/Wilson corridor is mostly full of overpriced mediocre restaurants and bars. The bright spots for me are Guajllio for Mexican, Four Sisters for Vietnamese food, and Java Shack for coffee. On Washington Blvd in Lyon Park is Texas Jacks BBQ which I recently went to and was pleasantly surprised that it's actually very good (an unheard of feat in DC for BBQ, though it's still up-scaled which makes it feel weird).

I'm originally from Oklahoma but finished my last three years of high school in NoVa, went to GMU, and then stayed in the area. DC is a hell of a lot better than where I come from.
[You live in DC?](https://cdn.meme.am/cache/instances/folder711/500x/39922711.jpg)
5 years. 
- Currently live in Shaw. Great new restaurants and bars opening. Quieter than other areas. Still some crime. 
- Dupont. Too crowded. 
- 14th St. Really enjoyed this area because there is pretty much everything you need (groceries, etc). But starting to get packed with people walking around all the time.
- Georgetown. Beautiful and mostly quiet. Extremely inaccessible to the rest of DC. 
Working on my 3rd year now. Silver Spring was a great random choice to live in and havent moved out since. The are right near 16th and East West is plenty affordable and very accessible. Metro close by, bus stops to Bethesda or toward U street, are all convenient. Not sure where I would go to next honestly.
Lived in DC approximately 20 years. 

Started off in the Palisades while a students. Great for families -- lots of green space, safe, quiet. Not so much for students or young professionals -- only public transportation was the bus, and no nightlife within walking distance. 

Next stop was the Hill.  Lived at 1st & E SE for a year and a half, then moved to 9th and East Capital. Loved many things about the Hill -- the architecture, easy Metro access, close-in convenience, great neighbors, good parks. But the crime rate was always an issue. After I got mugged at knifepoint in broad daylight we moved to Alexandria. 

Lived first in Old Town, then moved a few blocks away to Rosemont where we bought our first house. Loved it, and can't say enough good things about living in Alexandria.  We've been gone nearly nine years and I miss it every day. We stop in to visit friends from time to time, and it has indeed gotten more congested and densely populated, but I can't imagine living anywhere else in the DC metro area. Great neighbors, charming neighborhoods, good Metro access, close-in enough so that I didn't lose my sanity during the commute, lots of weekend options in town or nearby. 

Hope you enjoy your time in DC as much as we did. 
Nearly 10 years at this point. 
I live in: Takoma. (i own a house in my neighborhood.)
Past: Columbia Heights, Eckington, Waterfront. 

Past Neighborhoods Liked: Grocery Store and Metro nearby. Close to downtown. Dislike: Noise and harassment. 
Current Neighborhood (Takoma): I love it. There is plenty of stuff to do, friendly neighbors, quiet, and safe. Very few downsides. I would like a closer grocery store, but that is planned with a Harris Teeter on Georgia, and likely one in Walter Reed Redevelopment. This is the best neighborhood I have lived in since moving to DC. I can walk to Downtown Silver Spring, or Old Takoma Park. Take a bus downtown, or just metro. 
About 7 years. Currently in Glover Park. I've also lived at a different building in Glover Park, in Chevy Chase (DC), and sort of Van Ness (my now-husband was there for a year and I spent quite a bit of time at his place). Also lived on AU's campus for 2 years.

I like that Glover Park is quiet but has some good restaurants and stuff (Old Europe is a gem). I like that it's close to my work. That there are a lot of cute dogs. Relatively easy to street park (though I am very happy to have a garage spot at my current place).

Chevy Chase and Van Ness were okay. Both sort of boring and the L2 is a shitshow of a bus. Metro access at Van Ness was nice but I'm not big on metro so it wasn't that big of a perk for me. Neither had many restaurants I was that into (exceptions being the Van Ness Potbelly and the now-gone Jerry's).

Glover Park can get a little obnoxious on the listserv with all the rich homeowners complaining about their property values and assuming local businesses are fronts for child sex trafficking. But overall it's nice.
Been in the area for about 9 years now.  I originally lived in Hyattsville, but my roommate and I only stayed there for about 9 months. After a guy got stabbed in the hallway right outside our apartment door, we broke our lease and moved to Takoma Park.

I've been in Takoma Park ever since - my roommate moved out about five years ago, and I continued on in the same apartment. I love living here, it's super pleasant and friendly, there are some decent restaurants near the metro now, it feels safe and welcoming, and rent is affordable.
I've lived in and around the District on and off (mostly on) since 2012. I've lived in Friendship Heights, Columbia Heights (Columbia and Georgia Ave), Old Town Alexandria, Kalorama Triangle/Admo and now west Alexandria. 

I've honestly enjoyed all of my places except maybe Friendship Heights since I was renting a air-bed in a living room then. My favorite place was in Kalorama Triangle (on Kalorama between 20th and Connecticut) - It was an awesome 1BR apartment and the location was great. We weren't across Conn. in the super nice homes but we were juuuuust far enough away from bars on 18th so we didn't have college kids puking on our steps. 

The need for more space and lower costs had us move out to the burbs but we like it so far. Access to the city is still easy and now we have easy access to big box stores and Wegmans as well. Incidentally, my commute to my job on/near the Hill is only 10-15 minutes longer than it was when we lived in Kalorama
Born and raised in D.C. proper. Grew up in Van Ness area, moved to U Street, then Woodley Park area.

I really loved U Street and that was my favorite neighborhood, but it was your definitive neighborhood in transition. My house was broken into, my car too, multiple muggings, so yeah I didn't like that.
I've been here 5.5 years. Currently live in Takoma. I love it here. It's quiet, safe, cheap, friendly and walkable to restaurants and bars in Takoma Park or downtown Silver Spring. Cons would be that's more suburban than the rest of the city and feels far from all the cooler/younger areas of DC. And the lack of grocery stores. 

Before that I lived in Georgetown. Beautiful place to live. Convenient to shopping, highways, and grocery stores. I loved being close to the river, great access to parks and bike trials, walkable commute to my job in Foggy Bottom. Cons: snobby students, snobby neighbors, tourists, lack of good bars and restaurants, and expensive. No sense of community. 

Lived in Adams Morgan when I first moved to DC and it was great. It was the perfect place to live as a newcomer to DC. It was exciting, walkable to everything, centrally located. Cons: street crime, loud, crowded. 


Currently live in Old Town Alexandria. Been in Alexandria sine 2005 after my family moved Stateside from England. Before Old Town, we lived close to Skyline (FFX Falls Church) and before that, Burtonsville, MD.
5 years.

1. Mass and Wisconsin- I loved this building I was at- the roof top parties, the view of the Cathedral, the easy access downtown, and the super cheap rent.

2. American University Park- lived on campus then on Mass ave. Overpriced shithole with an easy walk to class.

3. Van Ness- best deal on rent I've ever had, but also shared the place with 3 others and there was only one bathroom. Van Ness is so boring though.

4. Lanier Heights- I live with a bunch of people in a group house but it's fun and I have my own room. Plus I live in the middle of the city, so going anywhere is super easy and I'm right near Malcolm X/Meridian Hill. Love it.
First moved in 03, with some time away on elections and other jobs. So many moves.

* 2003-2004: VanNess/UDC. Bland and generic. 
* 2004-2005: Columbia Heights. I was there for the first bounce back from the riots. The grand opening of the Giant was amazing. Boneless/skinless chicken breasts were $1/lb. I was making less than $24,000 but bought about $150 dollars worth.
* 2005-2009: Mt. Pleasant. Best place I have ever lived. The neighborhood always had just enough of what we needed. Easyish access downtown on the buses (for the S-series, I was one of the last stops before the bus was full and would just fly downtown; Rock Creek access).
* 2009-2010: Eisenhower Ave., Alexandria, VA. Worst place I have ever lived. Old Town seemed so far away; only one restaurant but it serviced only the PTO.
* 2010-2013: NYC.
* 2013-2015: Eastern Mkt/Lincoln Park. Second best place I have ever lived. Had every positive of MtP times two. Unfortunately, it was too pricey to rent or buy.
* 2015-current: EOTR between Mass/Penn and Minn/Alabama. I live in the suburbs. I have a yard to tend and protect from foxes and deer. Neighbors are mostly retiree age but all former professionals. As an oversimplification, their children's generation are not at the same level. We'll be here for another 7 or so years before the kids' school commutes push us closer to their respective schools. 
Very interesting to read. Anyone have a map of D.C. that kinda identifies the area where you all are talking about?  All I know is foggy bottom is east of national mall.
I've lived at over 20 address in all four quadrants of DC, up and down economic spectrum, on both sides of the two rivers, including Alexandria and suburbs. What is it that you actually want to know?Edit: Since 2010, sans time away
I've been in DC since 2005.

2005-2010 - Burleith

2010-2013 - H Street

2013-present - Hill East
I've been here 12 years. 

1. Moved into a one bedroom, one bath top floor apartment in West End in 2004. Older building but well-kept. $1100 per month.
2. After that I moved to Mt. Pleasant for a couple of years which was okay, but the apartment was overpriced. Only lived there for a year.
3. Then I moved to my favorite place I ever lived in in DC, a one bedroom that was the whole first floor of an old rowhouse at 14th and Newton NW in 2006. I am pretty sure this is before the Target opened. I paid $900/mo including all utilities. The landlord was batshit insane. I was there until 2008, when a friend of mine asked it I wanted to get a place with him.
4. We moved to 14th and Harvard where we had a GIANT two bedroom apartment for $1350/mo. Again, older building, no dishwasher, laundry in the basement. I was there until 2010, when my wife-to-be and I got a place of our own.
5. That place was in Mt. Pleasant. We paid $1950 for a one bedroom with a den that was very... quaint. We got a ton of sunlight, which was nice. 
6. In late 2011, we decided the landlord was jacking the rent up too high, so we began looking for a place to buy. We wanted to buy an actual house, but we were priced out of Mt. Pleasant, and Columbia Heights was too busy/noisy for us. We looked in Petworth, but then we discovered this tiny little neighborhood wedged just west of it called 16th St Heights which was pretty residential and more reasonable. We plunked all of our life savings into a three bedroom/1.5 bathroom house and have been here ever since. What is really great is that since we bought our house, the restaurant and bar scene nearby on Upshur St in Petworth and upper 14th St in CH have really exploded, meaning we can easily walk to a number of places. It's especially great for us that they're mostly family-friendly establishments.

We've spent almost all of our time in DC in the same one mile radius area. Nearly all of our friends live in that same area which is great for us and which has been a big influence on why we decided to do so. Overall I can't complain.
I am a baby to the dc area & have only lived here two months so far, BUT due to a roommate situation I've lived in two different neighborhoods- 1 month in Tenleytown, then I broke my lease and moved to an area on the edge of Shaw/Bloomingdale/Upper Truxton (lines hotly debated by my roommates). 

Tenleytown (Upton & Wisconsin): Nice area, though it felt kind of suburban. Good amenities nearby, two grocery stores within 10 minutes walking distance, metro 10 min walk away, and my house was pretty large. But it didn't really have a neighborhood vibe & most of the bars and restaurants around were chains. What I hated the most, though, was that to get anywhere else it was a bus/metro ride away, not much was within walking distance. Being so close to the Glover Archbold trail head was prime, though.

Shaw (4th & R): Has a great neighborhood vibe, lots of cool places 
to eat/drink. I'm on the outskirts of the rampant gentrification, so I can benefit from it when I want, but avoid it for the most part. And I'm a 5 minute walk to the metro. Best off all, it's only a 30 minute walk to Dupont, where I work & my commute is along R which has a bike lane the whole way.

As far as safety goes, I feel like my place in Shaw is more at threat of robbery, but I feel safer walking around at night. From what my roommates have said, crime has gone down a lot in the past year thanks to gentrification. 
Thirty-one, born and raised in DC.  I've lived in Palisades, Southwest, Forest Hills (Van Ness), Columbia Heights, and now Rosedale.

Palisades was a joy to grow up in.  One downside was that only the M4 and D6 came through the neighborhood, so you'd wait sometimes the better part of an hour to head anywhere fun.  The neighborhood was a mix of incomes, but was fairly tight-knit compared to the transient nature of many of DC's communities today.  Now it's impossible to live there unless you're wealthy.

I hated living in Southwest; it was early 2000s and there was nothing to do.  Greenleaf projects was right next to my house and I got offered drugs, weapons, and hookers on a near daily basis.  Had to fight to defend myself more than once, and I hate violence.

Columbia Heights was expensive but fun.

Rosedale is gorgeous, and although I couldn't afford a house anywhere near here, I've got very cheap rent so it's hard to complain about much.  The neighborhood is quiet but right near H street, so it's a lot of fun.

I don't think that I've disliked the same thing about anywhere I've lived.  Except, I've always felt that food in general in DC is too expensive.
I'm a newcomer to Capitol Hill (going on 5 months) and so far, this is what I've found. 

Upsides: 
1. Close to all public transportation, great restaurants, and Eastern Market.
2. All of the row houses and families with cute dogs make it feel much more like a neighborhood than some of the other parts of DC/VA I looked at. 
3. AFFORDABLE. 

Downsides: 
1. Capitol Hill feels a bit like a bubble. Although there are plenty of restaurants and bars moving into the area, and of course there are always the buildings and monuments, the night life seems to be a little lackluster. If you want to go out to where the bars stay open later and you don't want to pay for an Uber, you'll feel like Cinderella trying to catch the last metro by midnight. 
2. For how safe the area feels during the day, I still feel very uneasy walking alone at night. Our car got broken into, and our landlord made a point of telling us to be careful when walking around after dark. That being said, I see police cars patrolling the neighborhood all the time. 
3. If you don't have a car, good luck finding a place to get affordable/regular pesticide coated groceries. 

This is the neighborhood that was the most convenient and affordable for me, and I don't regret moving here in the slightest. 
6mo, kalorama. Like the cleanliness, lack of crime (moved from Baltimore), the architecture, and the easy access to Dupont/Woodley/U St/Adams Morgan. Dislike? Not much beyond cost at this point. 
drum n bass for president
Electric heat is the most expensive way to heat your living space. The actual cost depends the heater unit and your electricity cost. The one I use runs me about $0.20 per hour but it's tiny and only meant to keep my feet and legs warm while I'm at the computer. If you only plan to use it at night, why not just get warmer blanket? 
In general, combined cooling heat and power (i.e. steam heating) > natural gas furnace > electric. You have to consider the full life-cycle for efficiency. If electricity is generated from natural gas you have the energy losses associated with converting heat of natural gas combustion to electricity. So it would be silly to convert the natural gas to electricity when it could be used directly for heating. The exception is if you're able to get heat as a secondary product. A lot of universities have steam heating systems because it's waste heat from a centralized power plant. This holds so long as natural gas is so cheap. If other forms of electricity are substantially cheaper than comparable gas generation, or natural gas use is rationed, then electric heating may make sense.

However, if the heater is designed for local coverage only (e.g. one room), a electric heater might be better than heating the entire house up.
But how does it all compare to an electric blanket?
I'm slightly confused by the question; you might want to google home heating systems to see what is available to you.  
In general, electric heating coils (what you get from a portable heater) are the most expensive heating system. That said, I have one room in my house where the Gas -> Water heating system sucks.  
If you have an ac-heater (?) you may mean a heat pump. Generally, these are Air Conditioning systems that can also run backwards. (AC: Compress AC fluid (vapor to liquid) which gets hot in the process, bleed off heat in radiator outside house, pump inside house & run through expansion valve (liquid to vapor, which is then cold) through another radiator to cool off the house air (warming up the vapor) and back outside to start the cycle again.)  This is generally considered the most efficient system (aside from geothermal) - but in my experience these systems can only keep a 30-40 degree (F) difference between inside & outside before Auxiliary (electric coil heating) heaters have to make up the difference.  
  
If your house only has baseboard electric heating: you are f'd & might as well get a portable unit to only heat your room.   

* However * an electric blanket/ thicker blanket is probably a better option. Or a sweater/sweatshirt...  
  
** Disclaimer ** I have both gas powered hot water heating, and a heat-pump. I still have a electric coil heater in one room of the house that I have to use when it gets under 30F. (Bad insulation in that room + Heat Pump 40 degree difference lack of functionality + crappy radiator feed to that room..) 
I don't know about a direct cost comparison, but I do know that electricity is much cheaper in the winter than in the summer.  I use a midsize electric heater to get one room in my house warmer than the others and it doesn't dent my electric bill.  I personally suspect it's cheaper than keeping the whole house toasty -- I have gas heating, which is the opposite of electricity, cheaper in the summer and more expensive in the winter.  
electric heat is the least efficient heat. But if you are only running it in one room as compared to a house heater, it may be better. But if you get an undersized one for the room it'll just run non-stop and be even less efficient.

Most electric heaters btw are 700-1600 watts
If you're just using the heater in one room and only for certain parts of the day, you're in the realm of it possibly being cheaper. I say get the heater (for the love of God, get an oil-filled radiator and not a ceramic piece of shit that will burn your house down) and a kill-a-watt device. You can measure how much you're using and get a $ number based on your electric rate. Then just compare to the difference in current year to previous year monthly bills. 
Just gonna point out that your argument against ever getting arrested goes against decades of the successful use of civil disobedience as a weapon for change.
tl;dr - Remember, when protesting, make it as convenient for everyone else as you can and don't cause a commotion
Washington, meet Tea Party 2.0: Democrat style.

The irony is that many of the protesters (rightfully) criticized Trump for refusing to promise to accept the results if he lost. Pot, meet kettle. 
Lol. Protest but only in a way that is amenable to my lifestyle and that I won't suffer and inconvenience. Ok,thanks for the hot tips!
Sounds like you are just worried about how protests will affect your life / commute / apartments.  Protest is at the heart of who we are as Americans and you should be ashamed for telling others how to do it "for their own good".  This is spineless, apologist nonsense.  Bury this crap.
>Protest in a manner in which you are visible, however do not disrupt an individual's life. When roads are blocked, traffic backed up and commotion is created it does not lead to support for your protest. It angers people.

This is calling for respectability politics. Safe to say the protestors know they're being impolite. 

>Focus your protests in a non-violent manner. Once you begin destroying private property your cause is no longer justified.

Is the destruction of private or public property really "violent"? Who exactly is being harmed? I worry that we already conflate the value of private property vs the value of property too much. 

Edit: I also say there's a difference between vandalism meant to intimidate vs a specific, public, action against property aimed at preventing further injustice. Still, the concern over property strikes me as concern trolling. 

>Be better than the person you're protesting against.

Not hard. Just don't be a bigot or brag about assaulting women. If only we could stop rewarding that behavior. 
Don't forget to read Trump's political stances.

https://www.greatagain.gov/

Go to the section "Make American Great Again" and read all the stances.  It will help you more effectively/efficiently protest.

Protest must disrupt. That's the whole point 
I'd say if you don't know anyone off of the top of your head you might have trouble finding people to use it. Most musicians in town (at least the ones I know) probably have something set up already as far as rehearsal space and unless you were offering something strikingly more convenient or much cheaper, it probably wouldn't be worth it to use a strangers basement.
Huge market if you don't mind blacks and Latinos in your home. A lot of Gogo bands in the city and every block has 50 rappers putting a mixtape out. 20-30 an hour is reasonable 
I think I saw a posting on the Cleveland Park listserv looking for something along those lines.
You could try advertising on craigslist.

Do you have a drum set?  Whenever I've played with other musicians, we've just gone wherever the drummer/drum set was, since that was the hardest to transport.
I would personally love this. However, the rent by hour thing that most places in DC does pains me. I miss having a warehouse space with 24/7 access. If this exists someone let me know. 
[deleted]
Wise owl club is expensive, but does a decent job.
Go see Kate @ Eastern Confederate.  Rates are super reasonable, they feed you beer and it's a cool ass unpretentious shop.
I can't stand when people in this city recommend Barber of Hell's Bottom or Wise Owl Club. BOHB charges absurd prices. Their mobile site won't show prices, but I remember it totaling to around $120 for haircut/beard trim/tip. On the other hand, WOC is more affordable, but they don't take reservations because they know that they don't have to. People hype it up so much that there's always a several hour wait to get your haircut.

I've tried a number of different places in DC, and I'd recommend Diego's by DuPont, HIS Grooming Lounge by Potomac Ave, or Bang Salon in the Verizon Center. Diego's is the cheapest option ($25 base haircut) but most of the stylists don't speak English well. HIS Grooming Lounge is the most expensive of these three, but the one-hour haircut is a spa-like experience. Finally, Bang charges different prices ($35-50) depending on the skill-level of the stylist (as displayed on their site). My personal vote is for Bang due to their mid-range prices, quality haircuts, and availability to book appointments whenever you need.

Edit - Just checked the prices for BOHB on my computer. Assuming a 20% tip, a haircut/beard trim ranges you $132-162. Everyone has different areas where they're willing to spend more money, but that just feels like incredible overhype in a city that's always looking for the "in" place to go.
Mac at Wise Owl Club. He does my hair and beard and is excellent. 
Honestly, I just make a fun morning or whatever out of it and drive to Old Bank Barbers in Hampden (Baltimore). My fiancee will go to a coffee shop on Sat/Sun AM if she joins me, and we'll do brunch after. $20 for a killer beard trim and haircut. Guys are chill as fuck, and you get out of DC for a bit. If you don't have a car, then it's obviously a lot harder.
Raphael's in Silver Spring is either 20 or 25 bucks and they're one of the only places on this planet that have managed to successfully give my mangled Brillo pad of a head a decent cut. Granted I've never allowed myself to pay more than 30 bucks for a haircut, but it's good enough for me.
Barber of Hells Bottom. 
Why are you shouting?
I ask myself how low can we go on a daily basis. 
I believe it's -$1.50 rail, not sure if it's the same in bus
I've gone into the negatives before. It goes up to the negative value of a full bus fare (which I believe -$1.70).

If you do what you suggest, however, you only hurt the system further.
[deleted]
On a bus, it cannot go negative. You basically have to pay up to board.
It depends on the bus system. I've found Metro and FFX Connector to be the most flexible. Metro's you can trigger a negative to -$1.70 when starting a route. I have actually triggered a combo where it went lower than -$1.75 but I don't remember what steps I took to do that and it's been nearly a year so it might've been caught by now. 

ART, the Circulator, and PRTC systems are not going to play. Their machines will not allow you to ride if you do not have the fare and, for ART, it will not let you transfer in if your card is in the negative when you transfer. 

In the end, whichever way you go, if you're riding any Metro system after that, they'll want you to bring your card back up from negative. The only way you can truly leave with a negative is if you quit the system.
Once the fare is negative it won't scan in, so they're all one-time-shots. 

When the cards were $5 you could drive them far more negative than now. Also, you need to have the minimum trip fare to enter metro now.

You paid deposit on the cards, so using them is hardly a "scam." Metro could prohibit using them when the balance is insufficient if they wanted.
You can't. You'll get that screechy noise and you'll have to make the difference. 
www.patrickspainting.com/
This is why Angie's list exists. 
Depends pretty heavily on the quality of work you want. Quick and dirty, rental grade C+ kind of work could be done by one guy in 3-4 days to the tune of maybe $1100. Nice work will cost double or more that number.
[deleted]
Being an outright asshole to your fellow humans in a digital landscape will catch up to him in very short order. This guy will be surely identified and will have to deal with that public exposure when all he had to do was move to another part of the train. I will never understand. 
Looked around and I believe this is the video described in the comments: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7iXtbI_ZNnA
> “It was nice to see how many people stood up and faced this guy down,” Boyer said.


Glad to see that people aren't just letting it happen at least.
Hi there! I'm the guy in the suit in the video, and I've been trying to keep an eye out for any articles and videos of this so that I could help clear things up/explain. First of all, please keep in mind that this video is 3 minutes of a confrontation that lasted closer to 15 minutes, so there is obviously a lot missing. I'll try to respond to people that have already commented, but I'll do a little FAQ here from what I've seen in this thread and other comments:

**"This wasn't racist, people are overreacting."**

Racist, xenophobic, bigoted, whatever you want to call it, this entire thing started because of the fact that my friend was Indian and had the nerve to wear gloves on the metro.

**"We can't assume that he had bo" or "He probably smelled bad"**

Read into your personal biases however you want with if you assumed there was bo just because he was foreign, but the plain truth is that there was no body odor. We have all been on the metro when someone has a bit of a funk. It's not pleasant for anyone. This was not one of those cases. We were on our way back from an engineering convention, and while we were tired, I'm sure we were nowhere near as tired as the construction worker that was also on the train (no complaints about his potential odor).

**"So now Trump is responsible for every boorish act?"**

No. I'm very glad that the article touched on this, but there was absolutely no mention of politics other than the usual *I'm sorry, I thought this was America* argument. I tried as best as I could to avoid talking politics during this because people were already tense and didn't need to make it worse.
If body odor bothers you and you ride public transportation you're going to have a bad time. 
> “Now it’s okay to accost people based on race on the train, and it’s okay to discriminate against people, it’s okay to be vicious to people in public. . . "

No, it is not OK. We are still a country of laws. That did not change overnight. Socially unacceptable behavior is still socially unacceptable behavior. Stupid people may use Trump's election as an excuse to show the world how much of an asshole they are... But society will continue to punish socially unacceptable behavior - through use of law enforcement, if possible, otherwise, through social exclusion.

This outburst is going to haunt that dumbass for years to come.
Why is there even debate whether this was racist or not? You seriously think this guy would have lobbed the same attack on, say, a Swedish immigrant?

But ironically, the guy is right on one thing: underarm deodorant use is less common in many east and southeast Asian countries BECAUSE WE DONT FUCKING NEED IT. The same genes that make it so hard for us to grow facial hair have a silver lining: our armpits don't smell as bad. 

A generalization of course, as genetics always is, but then I also don't accost sunburned white people on the subway with "YOUR SKIN IS AN EYESORE EVER HEARD OF SUNSCREEN?"
[deleted]
why are people defending people who don't wear deodorant and stink?  there are plenty of rancid smelling foreign grad students from local unis.

It isn't acceptable, and it has nothing to do with race or religion.
Racist metro rider? "Thanks Trump!"

- WaPo
That guy was very clearly drunk.
Sounds like he was having a bad day, but really, if you're in public keep the BO to yourself.
The guy tells another guy to wear deodorant and people are getting emotional about it? Aren't there bigger things to worry about? 

"Nation seethes".. " charged clash." Oh. I see what you did there WaPo!
>Since it was light out he couldn't have been responding to the Bat signal

He heard some joker just got elected president.
at least theres *someone* we can trust keeping an eye on things. 
Well he obviously couldn't drive into DC quickly because of traffic nor could he rely on metro, so the only thing left is to walk. DC should have called in Superman instead.
Certain people will lose prime parking spots. A different set of people will acquire those prime parking spots.
Worst case. A housing crash and deteriorating race relations will put the city on edge.


Best case. Every so often you will see some yokel from Iowa in pro Trump gear grinning on the subway.
Unless you're an appointee or know many of them personally it won't change a lot.

It changes the feel just a little. Now you see the occasional City Paper article about Obama visiting Pleasant Pops or Mintwood Place and there are a lot of WH events that bring in celebrities. During the Trump administration it will be articles about some Trumpie beating up a hooker in Georgetown or how a war criminal is getting a state dinner. Less exciting, but I think it brings everyone together a little because you're against something.
been working in wash dc for 20 yrs.  Not much.  but i have worked in hospitality in the early days and noticed more exclusive parties when Reds are in vs Blues.  

In terms of work, i see more folks from the midwest and south when Republicans took over too.  
list your extra bedroom or couch on airbnb for the inauguration (idk if you want to host the kind of guest who would come from out of town to see the inauguration but whatever)
Lived here for 20 years. Doesn't change at all. But in 2009 and 2013, there was a huge rally on Inauguration Day, which I seriously don't remember happening before that. I remember Inauguration Day being much less of a big deal with a pretty small audience for 2000 and 2004 (my sister in law actually protested the 2004 Inauguration). The last two were about witnessing the first black president. The second term was obviously smaller. No idea if the next Inauguration Day will have the million plus turnout that Obama's Inauguration did. 

As for who's in control, no, there's no difference. The national parks get funded because nobody wants to be known as the congressman who voted against national parks. The Smithsonian also gets funded. 

The recent shutdowns have fucked everything up. Considering we've got a majority republican congress and Trump at the helm, we can expect more shutdowns. 
Prepare yourself for the thunderdome, because that is the new law.
there will be a lot of lower and mid level democrats out of work or working on k street
The charge of parties won't have a significant impact, but Trump's proposed hiring freeze and gutting of the EPA, FDA, and other agencies will put a lot of people out of work.
Best case: you get really annoyed that Trump has to take the chopper every day back to AF1 to go back to NY.

Worst case: housing crash and this city sees another 1968 riot when Giuliani's stop n frisk turns deadly, which means your house will go from 50% value to 10% value.
The anti war protesters who have been in hiding for the past 8 years will emerge. They seem to be fine with war if a democrat is in charge. 
Instead of Obama=Hitler rallys on the National Mall, you'll get Trump=Hitler protests once the weather warms up.  Other than that, the post about parking spots pretty much sums it up.
Living through the Bush years and the Obama years.  Very little.  The interns may have slightly worse hair.
ITT: soapboxes
At least the third time this question has been asked this week...
I'm coining 'trimp' and 'president orangutan'. Your welcome.


Until the first person is sent to prison. And then it wasn't me.
[deleted]
Catharsis on the Mall, its a festival that's going on all weekend.

http://www.catharsisonthemall.com/schedule/
Some sort of catharsis thing for Trump. Happening tomorrow as well. 
Very interesting article, thanks for posting. It's stunning how something that looks so boring can really be such an interesting snapshot of the past. 
Nice article. I have a minor quibble with it:

> By 1960, both the Soviet Union and the United States were armed to the teeth with intercontinental missiles that could carry vastly more powerful thermonuclear weapons. In the event of war dozens of these weapons may have been fired at Washington.

This was a common belief at the time (just look up the "missile gap" and the 1960 presidential campaign), but it turns out the Soviets had only 4 ICBMs at the time. Even by the time of the Cuban Missile Crisis, they only had about three dozen, and of course there were many targets for them besides Washington. Still, I doubt it would take more than one thermonuclear bomb to knock out an exposed tower not too far from the city center, so the overall point remains.
Cool article. Did you write it? Any more links to old top secret government things from the past?
I think the Mall may be the single best running circuit in the world.  They used to sometimes drain the Reflecting Pool, enabling you to run down the middle of it.  A worker eventually asked me to get out, but it was fun running the centerline to the Monument.  
One of my favorite parts about my current apartment in Crystal City is its proximity to the mount Vernon trail allows me to go on runs through the national mall without ever leaving trails. Granted it takes a minimum of two miles each way depending on the route, but I think that encourages me to go further. Did an ill advised 7 miles Friday because I wanted to go around the tidal basin. I'm from Colorado and ran cross in high school, so I've run some gorgeous shit, but the national mall is a truly special place to run. Absolutely exhilarating.
Read the sidebar. There are no essentials with just 3 hours, it truly depends on what you like to do given such a limited time.

Personally I'd do a hop on hop off bus to see as much of the city as I could while hearing about it the history. 
> unless there's a convenient metro.

There is.  wmata.com.

> What's essential to see/eat/drink with limited time?
There are a ton of galleries and monuments and great food and a huge parks and they look interesting

In three hours?  Forget the food, galleries, and museums and consider yourself lucky if you can just walk around the outside of the Capitol, Lincoln Memorial, Jefferson Memorial, and Washington Monument in that time.
Walk around the national mall and see the monuments. In 3 hours you could probably do the Lincoln memorial, Jefferson memorial, and the Washington monument
Either get on a bikeshare and go look at monuments or pick **one** museum to go see. Forget about food. 3 hours is barely any time and will go by very quickly. 
Catharsis on the mall is happening right now. 

https://www.catharsisonthemall.com/general-info/
Any metro station in Virginia.

Maybe Rosslyn?
Hyatt Arlington. Rosslyn Station is right in front of that hotel and it is well known. I believe that is the one you're talking about.
One of my friends works there. Poor thing is getting phone calls constantly to the point they shut the phone off. 

We should have a get together there at some point. 
...it's going to be a long 4 years, America
I can't decide if this whole "pizza gate" is the single dumbest conspiracy I've ever heard or the most ambitious viral marketing attempt of all time 
i've read all through the threads and still don't get it. that place is cool. way cooler than any place in the shit cities these harassing assholes have.
I work at Comet. I just found out about all this stuff today and it freaks me out that there's hundreds of people, even outside of DC, who are buying into this conspiracy. It genuinely scares me that people have been calling the restaurant and secretly filming my co-workers and our customers. Thanks for everyone who supports Comet through all this.
One thing that would probably help them in the long run is an honest review based on reality on your preferred website. They are being inundated with a who's who of American tin foil hat society.
Is there any particular reason they're being singled out?
FYI, this isn't alt right conspiracy.. That is just spin.
There are over 10,000 people on reddit from all political persuations trying to get to the bottom of this.. Not just 'alt right' people.
drum and bass nights at comet ping pong pls
No one actually believes the conspiracy theory, this is like when 4chan kept calling Gamestop and asking for Battletoads.
Woot woot - great idea.  If their phones are still on, we might call them and say something supportive too, to balance out this weird BS.
It's been borderline proven that Comet Ping Pong is a front for illegal activities

/r/pizzagate

READ AND EDUCATE YOURSELVES. LIVES ARE LITERALLY AT STAKE.
I was extremely skeptical about the speculation surrounding Comet Ping Pong and I questioned every accusation the first week. The minute Besta Pizza changed their [logo](https://sli.mg/URfWGl) away from the [FBI's](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CwmnPagWgAAqHoS.jpg) pedophile symbol catalog yesterday, for me red flags started to pop up. Besta Pizza, adjacent to Comet, is also owned by James Alefantis.  

This action to change their previous logo which symbolizes "Boy Lover", to something innocuous yesterday means that they know the reddit/4chan folks are on to them. If I were them and I would have ignored the false accusations, but this specific action to change the logo is highly questionable and seems to be a way to cover up.
No. Their pizza is bad and they should feel bad. 
They're pedophiles, they deserve to be shut down
With a few clicks, my home's value has dropped, my kids go to a worse school district, and my property taxes have increased. Thank you!
This looks like it was drawn by someone with zero knowledge of the politics, economics or culture of DC, the surrounding states, and possibly the country and zero understanding of the implications of how the lines are drawn. There will be yuppie riots in the streets if the parents of Brookland find out they've been annexed by PGC along with everything EOTR.

This is basically the Sykes-Picot agreement but for DC. What a colossal moron.
This isn't my work. I wanted to post it, and see what you all thought about it.

My thoughts are similar to this post, from the original thread:

>Politically I think retrocession is a bad idea and statehood is preferable.

>HOWEVER,

>If that really was on the table this proposal would still be a bad idea.

>Retrocession should try to keep as much of Washington DC intact as possible and as an independent city a la Baltimore.

>What we would see here is the poorest parts of DC would have to be absorbed by Prince George's county which would be disastrous for that county's finances.

>MoCo would get a lot wealthy households but none of the jobs present in DC.

>Meanwhile, a huge proportion of DC's Population lives in the area of the City of Washington and if that area is still federally controlled then you've failed to solve the problem of representation for all those people.

>If you're going to redraw the Federal Enclave you wouldn't want any private property at all.

This is the [source](https://www.reddit.com/r/imaginarymaps/comments/5c9ids/dc_retrocession_to_montgomery_county_prince/d9ur1qg/).
Didn't someone post this a few weeks back with the same "this is not my work" response? 
What is the reasoning why Columbia heights would stay?
The traffic in DC is generally fine, the problem is entering and leaving VA and MD. 
>Hey guys, can I get some free karma?
Protest for more drum n bass parties 
Ohhhhh this post again.
Wait to protest something that actually has an impact. Protesting the tone of the President-elect, while understandable, does nothing except make you feel like you have already done your part. 

Save your anger. Or better yet, go protest Trump's transition team (most live locally).
Trump Hotel, any time
What's the point of this?  Just random fear mongering?
I thought this was going to be a joke, like "a copy of War And Peace to read on the platform"

You can probably just chill out. You're more likely to get hit by a car than a terrorist attack. Not sure swim goggles are gonna help much anyway.
zzzzzzzzzzz...
Well, i have a flashlight in my backpack....
What do you want a face mask for. Even if you buy the actual decent ones they are only good for particulates. They won't protect you from bio-agents or smoke. You'd need a respirator for that and that won't fit in your bag.
There were a ton of deleted comments on the /r/UMD/ thread.  I wonder what that was about?
Anyone have more details? Unless I'm misreading something, she was only gone for 2-3 hours before this was initiated...
[Found](https://www.google.com/amp/baltimore.cbslocal.com/2016/11/16/missing-umd-student-kaitlyn-george-found/amp/?client=ms-android-verizon)
[deleted]
It looks like someone's got a hold of her in this picture. Look on the right side. That looks like a man's torso or arm. Has anyone checked this out?
Is there any way to zoom in on this picture to identify this unknown person?  This is where forensic science would be very useful.

Was it part of Catharsis on the Mall? If so there is a schedule here: http://www.catharsisonthemall.com/abraxas-outdoors/ 
Would help to know what kind of music they were playing? Young/old people? Uniforms? Did you snap a photo you could share?
I mean arnt their two high schools who meet at Columbia heights metro weekly just to fight?
I've lived in Texas before, those people love their guns and footballs but never together. Damn D.C, you're hardcore as f.
In a word? Yes.
It's a culture here. One school hates another because the kids are from specific neighborhoods compared to the others. 
Ace hardware will sell them. Last year the one by woodly park ran out, but the one by U street had a great selection from 3 feet up
Whole Foods on P street always sells them 
Brookville Market in Cleveland Park
The Columbia Heights farmer's market should in a few weeks.
Bancroft pto had a good selection back in my MtP days. 
Theres a couple little bodega places in Adams Morgan that sell it. I just order mine online. 
Don't know if you're still looking, but Nomad on H St NE just opened a shop to accompany their hookah bar.
Village Arts and Crafts in Georgetown. I think it's on M st, but I'm not sure. You can haggle there. 
Pentagon City Mall (right in the main walkway between Marshall's and Best Buy) has a place to buy both hookahs and flavors.
What street/location? There's a lot around Union Station.
Time and approx location?
Be careful but be aware the cops wont do anything.

I got assaulted and my gf got held against her will locked in by the owner of that fucking west end liquor store on penn. The cops were just like "lol, the old korean guy who doesn't speak english?"
Another person was mugged closer to NoMa. Also hit in the back of the head. I don't know much in terms of details but this makes me wonder if it's related. 
I'm sorry to hear what happened to your friend.  Is he okay? Hope he didn't sustain any lasting injuries. 
I know that meet up has language... meet ups. You could try looking on there.
GLN not free but they refund 60% of the very low fee if you attend all the classes
Which language do you speak?
How good is her English? If she knows enough to get by she should just try to make friends with Americans and practice through immersion. I think that's the fastest and cheapest way to learn a language. Plus most Americans I know would enjoy teaching the language to a foreigner.
Try the Washington English Center. Great nonprofit with students of all ages and nationalities.


http://www.washingtonenglish.org/
http://lado.edu
I thought intellectual and cultural events were canceled for the next four years. 

(Thanks as always, Ron).
Sounds horrible. Wondering if every stop requires an officer to call in to dispatch. If so, shouldn't the body camera be on and DC Gov't be certain they have film?
Welcome to Trump's New America
Nope.
Oh, sweet summer child. 
No, half the country is not going to amend the constitution and add 3 Democratic congress persons.
No. It's not within the realm of possibility. Every minute and dollar wasted on the effort is one taken from doing something that would actually benefit the citizens of the District.
Can we talk about how terrible the proposed name New Columbia is?

I hope not. The DC constitution is shit
No, but maybe this "home rule" experiment will end.
[deleted]
Goddamnit, dude in the Che Guevera beret, you're not helping.
Not sure if anyone's interested... But here's a write-up I did for this photo: http://i.imgur.com/svTYILv.jpg


"I am so glad I caught this shot. There is a story behind it that not many people in that crowd or who were watching from afar may have noticed. It honestly blew my mind and left me really thinking about the state of our country. 

Throughout the night, protesters passed the loudspeaker back and forth with everyone sharing a story. A story on why they were there and what they were fighting for.

The protest started in front of the Trump International and made its way to the White House. At that point it seemed like everyone was getting along and that every story told was taken with consideration. I witnessed students and adults march and rally together in solidarity.

Once the protest got to the White House and the typical "Fuck Trump" chants were done, the loudspeaker was once again passed around. 

This time around, a small group of African American protesters would voice their opinion and rallying cries to the crowd. Their rhetoric ran parallel with most of the protest's intentions, but their delivery and the people they directed the message to were a bit more radical. This is when I took this photo.

Their message wasn't just to the current state of the politcal system, but to their white peers within the protest.

This was not taken lightly. The crowd burst into argument, with a white male stepping up to challenge what had just been said. Words were thrown back and forth and instantly the crowd became restless. Secret Service shoved their way through to prevent a scuffle, which fortunately did not happen.

After things settled down for a second, the people with the loudspeaker tried to bring the protest back on track. At that point, the steam and energy the crowd had, had strangely disappeared.

I took the opportunity to find my way out to see what was going on around the perimeter. I stepped out to find that half or more of the original protest had suddenly left. A stream of protesters were leaving the White House grounds showing no interest in what was happening in the protest behind them.

I was bewildered by how such a big and powerful group could disperse so quickly. The protest had been in front of the White House for maybe 30 minutes. It was over by 10pm.

Did the crowd lose interest? Was what was said in those moments abrasive and offensive to the crowd?

You had to be there to judge for yourself."
I know the are angry. They are hurt and scared. It's important they make it known that this result is not what they want. But I also want both sides to have civil discussion. Hopefully we get there 
No human being illegal is totally misconstruing the concept of illegal immigrants. Nobody is declaring these people illegal humans, they are just in this country illegally.
Richard Tate, commonly referred to as Dick. 
Can anyone point me to anything that Trump has ever done that can be construed as homophobic?
beautiful photos
Why are people protesting here rather than at his transition team headquarters?  

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/powerpost/wp/2016/08/18/at-1717-pennsylvania-ave-presidential-transition-planning-is-in-high-gear-side-by-side/
That'll show him
Are they protesting or complaining?
I wonder how many of them voted
I voted Clinton, but what a bunch of titty babies. 
Please tell me what camera and lens you were using?! And settings?! I was there too with my level 1 DSLR and my pics were shit compared to yours. Please tell me how to get to this level. (PS, I was standing about 15 feet in front of the guy with the loudspeaker when this picture was taken, even though I'm not in it. I was right up against the sidewalk. So cool to see this from a different -and better- angle)
I am not at ALL pleased with the outcome of this election, but I have to wonder how many of these protestors couldn't be bothered to get off their asses and actually vote (and yes, I realize that 90+% vote Dem in DC).
Really nice photos! Regardless of the views being represented within the frame, you did a fantastic job capturing the scene.

Cool. Now, to those who are protesting:

Get all of the perceived injustices and frustrations out now. If you feel you must yell into a bullhorn and think this will change something, then yell until the batteries run out. Protest until your heart's content. Also, make sure you provide plenty of photo ops so people online think this is a big event, unlike any other generic protest that takes place in front of the White House ALL OF THE TIME which forces normal folks to have to take a wide path around your yelling. But cool, once you're done with your temper tantrum, kindly please stop blocking traffic. Stop moping. Get back to work. 

Also, if you're inspired by Oakland or Portland to create even the slightest bit of violence, prepare to be arrested.

Have a good day, and welcome to proof that democracy works.
1.  hillary is a war criminal

2.  implying hillary isn't responsible for thousands of deaths around the globe, while trump is a real estate investor

3.  "no human being is illegal"???  Being human isn't illegal, trespassing and working illegally in a country is a crime in literally every country on the globe, at least to my knowledge.  Are there any countries that just let people walk in and work without a permit or crossing a legal border?  I don't know of any.
It's going to be funny in 2020 when they have desk jobs, dress business casual, and are worried that Bernie is going to negatively impact their 401ks.

Downvote away special snowflakes!
Well hopefully these losers don't turn to violence like other protests have
they are so ugly
I wouldn't want to *dick*tate that chick's pussy.

C'mon you guys, that was funny!
Burn down his hotel. That will get his attention.
Are you going to post in this sub every day with photos of "protests"?
Considering that the ones during the elections were paid by the DNC I'm not paying these too much mind...
It's not THAT cheap, but assuming it's open on Thanksgiving (and it looks like it is), I'd hit up Mitsitam Cafe in the National Museum of the American Indian.

Barring that, your choices are going to be extremely limited.  There's not a lot close to the Mall to begin with, and the only places that will definitely be open are restaurants doing a full Thanksgiving service (i.e., not fast or cheap).
Not cheap, but [Hill Country](http://hillcountry.com/dc/wp-content/uploads/sites/5/2016/10/HCBM_DC_ThanksgivingMenu-2016.pdf) has a nice buffet.
DC Reyolds in Petworth offers a free Thanksgiving buffet dinner with drink (which is buy one get one free).
The McDonalds on Columbia Road in Adams Morgan has a sign up saying it will be open for Thanksgiving. I suspect that means the McDonalds by the White House might also be open. 
La Plaza is serving turkey that day
I have basically the same question for Christmas. We'll be in town over Christmas and I'm afraid we're going to starve b/c nothing affordable will be open. Don't need anything special other than we are both on a low carb diet, so McDonald's would be fine(we can throw the buns away). Any idea if they'll be open Christmas day?
I'm surprised that no one has mentioned the museum cafe at the National Museum of African American History and Culture yet. The Post's food critic said they were on-par with Mitsitam Cafe. 
> Your anger should be focused at Hillary Clinton herself

Sorry, no. I'm angry and disgusted at the 50M+ people who voted for Trump. 
Why not both?
Trump didn't win the Presidency as a result of third party voters or people who didn't vote. The DNC set Trump up to win when they rigged the primary election and did what they had to for Hilary to be the Democratic Nominee. It's as if they didn't learn from her campaign against Obama in 2008. The Democratic Party didn't like her then, why would Republicans change their states from Red to Blue for her now??

Around the world people protest, they protest peacefully in the streets of their government. This is the country BY the People and for the People. 
We need to step up against OUR party and say enough is enough. 
You don't get to cheat us out of our votes.

What we need is for people to come together in DC and PEACEFULLY stand up to the DNC. 

I figure a good start is getting some locals involved. I would be traveling from Salt Lake City. 
In all seriousness, if you really want to damage Trump and his bottom line, have you and all your friends book all his hotels for all the nights you want under a flexible rate. 

Cancel within the right timeframe and the hotel will be hurting to fill the rooms. I know the Trump Hotel is already booked out for inauguration but there's still plenty of other days left in the year.
Will Soros be funding you crybabies too?  I'll be there for the counterprotest
I don't think there's any reason to believe DC RE market will be hit hard. Even if Trump cuts thousands of fed jobs, defense spending should skyrocket, not to mention the DC economy has diversified a huge amount in the Obama years in industries not tied to gov. Even in a downturn, DC should still be fairly well insulated relative to other cities.
Are you a giant crustacean from the paleolithic era?
$450k offer here.
If you're serious I'll sell you mine for a lot less than $350K...
*three fitty thousand 

FTFY
> It's worth nothing now but I'll offer you about $350,000.

OMG MY SIDES!  
Trolling those offers I see? (:
[deleted]
Nice try, that's not actually how the market here works but thanks for the entertainment.
If you were trying to sound as pompous and privileged as possible then congrats, you succeeded. 
Ha!  I love it.
Thanks for posting this. I had no idea this event was even a thing but after seeing your post I went and had a great time! Hope to see Catharsis on the Mall again next year.
Will drum and bass be played
[1335 F ST NW](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bond_Clothing_Stores#Washington.2C_D.C..2C_and_vicinity).  "Bond Clothes- [Buy Direct From the Maker and Save](http://www.ebay.com/itm/1941-Washington-D-C-Clothing-Store-notepad-calendar-/270339965439)"
Was going through my grandmother's old photos and found this image of her and my grandfather. It was taken in early-mid 40s. I've searched and looked through old photos of DC hoping to identify where it was taken and haven't come up with anything. Searching for the locations in the background didn't help either (Mile O Dimes, Bond, and I think one sign says Regal Shoes).
Does anyone recognize this street?
Yup.  [Same street in the 1970's before it was all torn down.]
(http://67.media.tumblr.com/f18f0d0fe358eba1f1c627f3c13979df/tumblr_o7hq8hYxbg1tce2ndo1_1280.jpg)  
  
Looks like the Shoe Store moved, but the house next to Bond's easily identifiable in both pictures.  
The best looking couple I've ever seen in such an old photograph 
It's too early to tell right now.  My bet is that there will be fewer balls than in the Bush or Obama inaugurations.  The Texans loved to wear black ties and boots, and the Obama supporters absolutely rocked out.  

This being said: be wary of unofficial balls.  They're dicey and badly organized.  I've been to maybe three official balls and thought they were amateur nights.  I loathe the DC Convention Center to this day.  

Right now, I'd bet official ball popularity will be underwhelming, so it'd be easy to get tix.  Call your Congress critters if you have a Republican in office somewhere in the milieu, and they'll have more information the closer we get in.  
#TooSoon
Texas Society is hosting a ball at the Gaylord. I think it's $200 a ticket. It's black tie and cowboy boots, just FYI.
I expect there will be a yuge one at Trump Hotel at the Post Office pavilion.

Also to get tickets through the front door (to any of the good ones) you gotta know people.
Search around for state societies. I'm going to one through the Washington state society. Decided before election night. It will be interesting.

Also, they aren't cheap.

Here's a list: http://dc.about.com/od/specialevents/a/inauguralballs.htm


Craigslist 
Trump will open up the White House to the unwashed masses a la Andrew Jackson for The Century's Most Luxuriously Fabulous New Era of Power
You won't be able to afford tickets to any balls that actually matter. And if you don't have a connect, you're not getting in to the official one. There might be some cross-burning activities you can participate in though, keep your ear to the ground!
Yeah, people asked the Wikileaks people about it. I thought it was a joke at first, but some people are definitely taking it seriously.
I feel like we all need to go eat at Comet to protest this ridiculousness.

[There are actual, real ways we can help combat sex trafficking.](https://www.themuse.com/advice/the-fight-for-freedom-7-organizations-combatting-human-trafficking) Going down a weird rabbit hole of conspiracy theories isn't one of them. 


Being 100% out of the loop, the phrase "Comet Pizza sex trafficking", is an insanely bizarre grouping of words.  I was foolish enough to not think of "Comet Pizza" as the name of a restaurant and was instead trying to puzzle out how a comet in the sky could be connected to pizza.  
I still don't really understand what they're talking about. Anybody ELI5?
Today is my day off and you just gave me the rabbitest of rabbitholes. Goodbye productivity, time to read some conspiracy shitposting
Ok so admittedly I have been out of the loop on this, and just now started tuning in by googling some of this stuff... Obviously I think the more out there explanations for this are batshit, but am I alone in thinking that some of the emails in question do seem a little "code word?"

I mean I am assuming it's just drugs. But yeah some of these are very strangely worded if they were to be taken as literally true.
Like the Vince Foster "murder" and Ted Cruz's dad being JFK's assassin theory, it's not about what actually happened, it's about making the other side deny it.
What utter lunacy. Comet pizza is really good, though. 
Is this what we deserve? We are going to have a long four years (and the Supreme Court for 30 +)
Those nutjobs appear to be doxxing people. What is the procedure to escalate to reddit when mods don't enforce the rules regarding doxxing?
Well these people aren't Trump voters because they're logical or perceptive. What did you expect?
complete with a post about the "cover up" of McMartin Preschool allegations. these people are lunatics.
Outside.
I'd do Air Force Memorial 
Step 1: Grab a good camera and a tripod if possible.  

Step 2: Around 4:43 PM Sunday evening go here:  https://www.google.com/maps/place/38%C2%B053'10.0%22N+77%C2%B002'40.0%22W/@38.886122,-77.0449905,166m/data=!3m2!1e3!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x0:0x0!8m2!3d38.886122!4d-77.044442

The moon will be rising at 4:43 PM at slightly to the north of east.  (76 degrees)  So from around where I dropped that marker the Moon should be rising nearly directly behind a profile shot of MKL's face with the Washington monument in frame.  It may take awhile to get high enough in the sky.  Like this but with a moon behind it.  

http://mediad.publicbroadcasting.net/p/wabe/files/styles/x_large/public/201403/MLK-statue-Washington.jpg

You can use this same logic for nearly any monument in DC at that time.  Just be to the West (left on Google maps) of whatever you want to photograph at 4:43 PM Sunday evening.  

The moon will be in the sky all evening into Monday morning.  So if you want a picture of a tall object & moon combination) you can just get closer to the object to adjust it's positioning. 

Finally, you could also stand east (the right on Google Maps) of whatever you want to photograph beginning around 5:45 AM Monday morning.   The moon is closest at 6:15 AM.  The moon goes completely below the horizon at 6:36 AM.  The full moon occurs at 8:52 AM Monday morning after the moon has set.  
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/05/18/travel/36-hours-in-washington-dc.html?_r=0
Skip the Washington Monument.  I would recommend taking an hour or so tour bus or trolley around the city, and then plan your sightseeing around the mall based upon what interests you from that tour.  I would try to do dinner or lunch in the 14th Street/Logan Circle area at least once (sooo many good restaurants), and go out for drinks/nightlife in the U Street or H Street areas.  Tail Up Goat is in Adams Morgan so you will get to see that nightlife area Saturday night.
If you're down for some good personal (or not) pizza, &pizza is a great local chain with all sorts of interesting flavors. And it's thin crust, so prep time is about as long as a toasted sub.

Also, Ben's Chili Bowl on U Street is pure DC culture. Don't go expecting stellar food, but definitely worth the trip.
i think the Wash Monument is still closed...? (elevator problems.)
Neighborhoods include 

Dupont Circle/17th Street

14th Street/U Street - nightlife area, but also has coffee shops and some retail stores. 

Georgetown - walk north off of M to see row houses if that's your thing

Adams Morgan - walk from Woodley Park metro

Additionally, Lincoln Memorial at night is even better than during the day.
While you're downtown on Saturday, for lunch you could swing by the Maine Avenue fish market, the oldest open air fish market in America. A few different stands there sell sandwiches which aren't amazing but decent enough. It could be a good way to combine sight seeing and lunch. 

Alternatively, [The Old Ebbit Grill](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Old_Ebbitt_Grill), the oldest bar/restaurant in DC, could be a good way to balance seeing a landmark and getting a good enough (but not phenomenal) lunch. 

What kind of thing are you looking to do on Saturday night? 



drum n bass party
Good Morning Metro Customer! I am sorry for this inconvenience. I am crediting your SmarTrip card with a free sub from our Hungarian food service partner, Subway Magyarország.
#makeamericalateagain
>Give me a ride with no delay and I wouldn't care about the money.

Uber it is then.
To be fair metro did announce that they would be doing major track work on the red line and to expect delays for the rest of the month. They urged all passengers to seek other forms of transportation until they fix it. I don't know about you but I would rather let them fix it and deal with the delays than be dead. 
Metro has been warning about Red line track work for weeks. Are you leaving for work an extra 30 minutes early?
What city in Europe has $10 / month metro passes? 
yep, i got hung up behind the broken-down train at bethesda.  instead of 15 minutes early, ended up at the office ten minutes late.  feeling your pain.
I haven't been on-time at work in well over a year. I just gave up at this point...and everyone else in my office has as well.
the fact we still haven't been firing massive amounts of metro employees for gross incompetence continues to astound me. 
Better late than on fire i guess?
Why don't you take the bus?
So this one time I went to a restaurant and it was crazy good. Like knock your socks off, go back every day for a week good.

OK, not that unusual, there's great food in DC. Here's the insane part though: this place was *slightly outside the DC border!!* 

I know, madness right?! But it gets better.  At this place, the chef wasn't angling for a Michelin star, nobody was instagramming pictures of their food, and you won't believe this but it's true - the food wasn't artfully plated, the chef (or "cook" as these quaint provincial folk call him) just scooped the food onto a plate!  And you know what, somehow, someway, I was able to not only choke this random haphazard assortment of food down, but enjoy it!  

And the best part is, these simple idiots screwed up my check and left an entire 0 off the bill! My wife and I  got the check and it was only $50, including the "beers" we drank! ("Beers" are a strange malted barley beverage these odd folk drink instead of craft mixology.) 

I bet nobody will believe any of this, but I swear it is true.  They even gave me a cultural artifact to remember the experience by. It's called a "doggy bag,' and it was full of the waste products left behind from our meal.  Can you imagine that, ritualistically carrying around common trash after you finish your dining experience! (Or "meal," as they say out there.) 

Unbelievable!  
Food and Friends. 1) ticks a lot of the groups you mentioned, they started off bringing food to AIDS patients that couldn't care for themselves, and has expanded into cancer, poor ,elderly and other disadvantaged groups... Basically if you do not have the means to easily cook for your self they bring portioned, fresh cooked food to you. They have a chef and dietician to address all the complicated limitations someone may have (low sodium, diabetic, soft foods, etc). They know their shit and do it will. 2) Right off the fort totten metro and big parking lot so easy to get to 3)EXTREMELY organized for individuals and especially groups. My wife's company was looking for something so pointed her there and they said was their best volunteer experience they have had. They give a quick overview to all their groups of what they accomplish in a year, what you are doing that day and how it helps, and then explain hands on.   I cannot recommend them enough.
Whitman Walker Clinic, mainly AIDS and LGBT, but good things :-)

Bread for the City provides medical care, legal aid, food and clothing (including produce grown themselves) to the poor and homeless of DC
Short term there's the capital area food bank, you can practically walk in there and there's a shuttle from the metro station nearby iirc. There's a few Habitat for Humanity projects and ReStores in the area.
I used to be very involved with the Asian American Pacific Islander community in DC. I posted this on another thread but here's a list of AAPI orgs I know of - just look on their site for volunteering opportunities. If you're not interested in helping the AAPI community, they can connect you with other organizations that serve marginalized groups of people.

More DC orgs:

-Organization of Chinese-Americans (OCA)
-Conference on Asian Pacific American Leadership (CAPAL)
-SEARAC - south east Asia resource action center
-JACL - Japanese American citizens league
-KAYA - Filipino Americans for Progress
-APIA Vote - Asian Pacific Islander American vote
-APAICS - Asian pacific American institute of congressional studies
-AAAJ - Asian Americans Advancing Justice
-APIASF - Asian Pacific Islander American scholarship fund
-APIAHF - Asian Pacific Islander American health forum
-APALA - Asian pacific American labor alliance
-ILF - international leadership foundation
-NAPABA - national APA bar association
-NAPAWF - national APA women's forum
-TAP - Taiwanese American professionals
-SAALT - south Asian Americans leading together
-SALDEF - Sikh American Legal Defense and Education Fund
-NQAPIA - national queer Asian Pacific Islander alliance
-Asian American LEAD - AALEAD
-NCAPA - national council of Asian pacific Americans
I used to volunteer with CASA DC. I live in Loudoun County now so I'm with a different CASA division in Northern VA. 

CASA stands for Court Appointed Special Advocate.  I advocate for a child who is in foster care.  I am a mentor and friend to the child. I talk to everyone involved in his life; parents, foster parents, teachers, therapists, doctors, etc and then report to the judge about my findings and provide recommendations for the child's placement.  It's difficult work but very rewarding. Most months I only work about 5-10 hours on my case. 
This was heavily discussed in at least 2 previous posts.  Here's a link to one:

https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/5c36d6/how_can_i_help_serious/?st=ivdr08bu&sh=3c70b20a

If you want to help more, get involved in politics and consider public service (volunteer or better yet, Get paid to do it).  If you fear for what Trump might do, get involved and be willing to dedicate time and effort.  The people at the bottom rungs of government do the work.  The people up top merely report the work.

People too often criticize from the outside but are unwilling insert themselves to make change.
I volunteer with Sitar arts, an afterschool art center which reserves slots for low income families. It's a great time and a for a great cause. I recommend it.
I'd consider volunteering with WPFW, the local radio station. They focus specifically on civil rights and equal justice issues, and are perennially in need of help because they don't take corporate donations (though they're working up to limited collaboration with some local businesses). They're the local syndicate of democracy now as well. You can hear them at 89.3FM.

Unlink most media that will say "well on the one hand Donald Trump is a terrifying bigot, but on the other hand maybe he could be good," they're willing to call a spade a spade and not back down.
https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/5c36d6/how_can_i_help_serious/
I'm a big fan of [DC Central Kitchen] (https://dccentralkitchen.org/). They taught me how to fillet a salmon!
There's an IRC in Silver Spring. They work with refugee relocation into our area and are often looking for volunteers to help refugees get settled in.

https://www.rescue.org/volunteer

LSS for refugees!! Don't need a lot of money. It can be as little as donating cleaning supplies, or a one-time Saturday helping move donated furniture into a family's house, etc.
There have been many posts about this exact thing (they even used some of the exact phrases). Please look at what is on the subreddit before pulling a Melania.
Do some rioting. You'll fit right in 
what are you into
The [Minnesota State Society is hosting a tailgate at FedEx before the game](http://www.mnstatesociety.org/page-1767833)!
Came here to say sorry, I'm a packers fan. Someone beat me to it. Keep losing plz. Also have fun here!!
Try Couchsurfing.
Packers fan here. I hope the blue line catches fire and you can't make it the game.

Kidding. I hope the Viqueens lose though.
Piss off
Often in Chinatown...or in/around Trump's new hotel on Pennsylvania Ave
There's a Candle(less) Vigil tonight at/near/whatever the White House. Sorry for the Facebook link: https://www.facebook.com/events/1709007899426456/
Go to moveon.org and then submit the form so you can get paid by Soros for the totally organic nature of the protest.
Demonstrations or protests? Language matters.
The study being done by FY16 points to a 2017 release. Whether or not it was completed in time is a different story altogether. 

I worked for two different city's utility agencies in the pst, and there are layers of steps to wade through prior to publication. If the study was completed by a consultant, it may take slightly less time to see the final product, but I'd still wager on next year. 
What? This article is terrible.. It even calls the Potomac river the "Pontiac"!
And DC has been stuck in traffic hell ever since 
Versus how WaPo wrote on this moment in history...

https://www.washingtonpost.com/archive/politics/2002/06/05/washingtons-first-traffic-jam-some-things-never-change/fa5115ee-e3a4-4e27-91b4-bf9fc2a33ac9/
Never forget!!!
Why bother with the Trump Hotel? At best, you'll be annoying people who already don't care about your concerns; at worst, you'll be annoying people who want a good night's sleep.

If anything, hold a vigil in front of the department's that will be responsible for protecting the rights of these communities. Let the rank and file staff (who may think that their work is going to be mothballed or ignored) know that you care and support them. 

Be respectful but where possible shame everyone who commits an act of hate (even if it's on your own side). Also, make sure everyone who feels at risk, knows at least 3 people or aid groups they can call for help. In the aftermath of trauma, knowing that you aren't powerless is extremely helpful. 

Most of all have conversations - have talking points! You don't have a constitutional right to protest; you do have a right to peaceably assemble and petition the government for a redress of grievances. Have a cogent argument for what you want. 


[Why Trump won in one image](http://i.imgur.com/TOGIbcP.jpg)
Can I protest for more Drum n Bass parties?
Good luck with that. 
I think there should be a huge human picket line at all the White House gates on Election Day, preventing Trump from entering. Sure, he can use the tunnels, but the symbolism of being unable to drive right in would be nice. Hell they could eventually let him in, with signs saying "we let you in, we can take you out" (or better worded than that)
Join us at the weekly reddit happy hour later this evening.
>baritone ukulele

I mean, that's pretty much a small, 4 string guitar, eh? 
Sucks you're not 21 yet, which part of Arlington?
A little while ago, we needed a someone nearby (Crystal City/Pentagon City) to watch and play with our puppy while I was away at class. We eventually found a few people and our needs are currently met, but would you be interested in dogsitting in the future?
i was going to get a baritone ukulele then I just got a small guitar
You like working out or going for runs? That's something that we do here a lot if you're up for it.
Check out meetup.com and fine a local meet up.  Also DC is big for kick ball and softball for the early 20set although that's more a summer thing.

There's a coloring book thing someone on Reddit is organizing tomorrow.  There's a thread for it.
You could protest?
This happens every time a Republican gets elected and nothing ever happened. Gingrich didn't get his cuts, Bush II raised the size of the work force a ton.
Many of blue collar Trump constituents have little to no idea what the labor market demands are and they should be educated. Trump should be offering job training in things like python programming so they can find work not manufacturing. Labor market is being pushed toward small to mid-sized cities not rural manufacturing... That's dead and not coming back.

There's plenty of jobs if:

A. You are willing to relocate

B. Doing low to mid skilled service work or highly technical mind based labor 
I just accepted a federal job working on issues Trump doesn't give a shit about last week with a 12/12 start date. Needless to say I'm not excited anymore. 
Republicans with full control can't control their spending habits. See the Bush II administration. 

I'm fairly confident we're in for a boomtown situation here.
I warned a family member about this before the vote because he was leaning Trump. He acted the equivalent of, "I'm already in and I have tenure so I'm safe".

Wrong.

I pointed out an article citing a GOP release months ago about what their intent was regarding federal forces. They want to bring up attrition like they've always been trying but they also wrote the value of benefits is triple what it is in the public sector and they would seek to change it.

The election happened better than they hoped. It's almost a guarantee federal employees or their benefits are going to be in the crosshairs.

...and as for family feeling safe?

Both are in branches of the government which would be at threat. One is directly at threat but doesn't realize it and the other would be at threat because, with a hiring freeze, he would not be able to receive replacement, putting the workload back on him, which could affect his performance review. He could say he's missing people but his reviewers could also say he's worked with missing people before so what's the difference now? As time goes on and this tightens, he should feel more pressured to quit. This is another aspect of what could end up happening and it's that the squeeze would kick out high GS people, saving the fed bucks not having to pay them or their increasing benefits contribution.

Also, I'm going to add in a wee little speculation: Donald does not take kindly to disabled people. I really wouldn't be surprised if he makes the push that the ADA is as good as scrapped except if you work for the VA and people who registered for ADA protection will have those files looked through once its scrapped and they'll be some of the ones to get slashed.
I don't think the people quite get how DC really works. Most federal employees are pretty flexible about where they work. They tend to follow the funding, and many take contracting jobs. Instead of "draining the swamp", what he is proposing is absolutely flooding it. He is proposing a ton of new spending for the biggest sectors of the federal government. The parts he wants to trim, are much smaller in comparison. In addition there will be a flood of money to contracting firms. Personally after being here for years from a spending perspective there is not a big difference, what changes is priorities. Even that can vary depending on who is in office, and what their priorities are. While I am worried about aspects Trump administration, this is not one of those worries.  People switch jobs pretty frequently depending on their opportunities around here. I don't think people outside the area fully grasp that. We are both better educated, and pretty flexible in terms of what we do.  
The Federal Government already has a hard time hiring and retaining employees, especially in technical, engineering and scientific positions. Hiring freezes, attacks on the unions, and across the board RIFs are going to make in almost impossible for them to get good talent. 

Wonder what all this means for contracting though, are they going to backfill with even more staff augmention style contacts? There is way to much of that in the Federal government already.
Well DC was nice this year. Was planning to move into a fed position but I guess it's off to somewhere new.
I'm a Fed and not terribly worried about Trump (well...on this issue). Frankly a lot of upper management and TSP-checkers do need to go. Chances are high if he did a RIF it would be done by attrition and not some kind of blanket slash. And even if it did and you have a good employee rating you wouldn't really need to worry (not that ratings mean much as we all know). I've been a Fed since 2005 and the Bush years were actually better for us than Obama though I don't credit or blame them specifically as much as the Congress.
If Trump wants to save real money he should start by having the government review contracts with the revolving door leeches at Booz Allen Hamilton, Lockheed, Northrup Grumman, etc etc. Any contractor or "consultant" that makes 98% of its profits by ripping off the taxpayer needs to be held accountable.
If its a scalpel approach and not some across-the-board X% RIF then it may not be a bad thing. Freezing across all agencies would be absolutely absurd, though, since I'm sure many face shortages in staffing and need to continuously replenish hiring pools. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yup, because if there's one thing I know about all my Fed friends, it's how little work they do because there's so many of them. 

*eyeroll*
Curious how people think this will affect contractors. I've only been here for a little over half of Obama, so I don't have experience with presidential turnover. Are they going to look heavily towards contractors to fill the voids that will inevitably be left? Or just...ignore them.
The net result is that this would not be a cut in spending, but a shift in spending to government contracts.  And we all know government contracts are not corrupt at all....
So I have a job interview with FEMA next week......what should I be doing?
I assumed the federal workforce would increase considering the mass deportations and maintaining the wall he ran his mouth about.
Can someone Eli5 what this means for me as a current federal employee, who is on a two year appointment, that can get extended each subsequent year? Please. 
I live in Washington DC metro area.  Many people in this area are government workers or contractors.  I can personally attest to the waste of the federal government.  

I don't see this as a bad thing. There is too much waste.  If you don't think the country with the military spending so high it is greater than that of the next 4 countries combined can use some cut backs, then i think you might want to reevaluate your priorities. 
I'm a bit worried, although I've only served under one administration. More senior folks are reminding me that they got through Reagan and Dubya just fine, so maybe I just worry too much lol. I think cuts by attrition are possible but I'm not too worried about a RIF (at least not in my agency). Not so sure about pay/benefits though - I think FERS is going to become an even bigger joke than it is already.
Nah. I'm GS. 
Does anyone have any GOP gossip related to FERS?
I think we're having a miscommunication. I'm a recent grand and My position is a temporary, salaried appointment for one year, with the ability to be extended up to four. But every year I have to technically get my extension approved. Historically, it was a formality and everyone gets offered an extension. However, I'm wondering if a hiring freeze will impact that and once my first year is up I won't be granted an extension. Sorry for any confusion. 
Roughly 30% of the federal workforce is scheduled to retire by 2019. While the number of federal employees will significantly decrease, the needs of our government institutions will be met by federal contractors.
Fact
Contractors do the work and Feds just collect a pay check.
If all contractors up and left no fed could do what they do especially in I.T.
But
Contractors screw themselves when the government shut down happened they should have been out there protesting on the Capitol Lawn.
Heck if illegal immigrants could do it they could have
also. And when the shutdown was over they should have stayed home to show the feds that you can't get back up and running without contractors.  
I'm anxious as hell now---I put in an offer on a condo on Monday. Am seriously considering pulling the offer now because if he actually does this it might negatively impact the DC real estate market. 
Its been an amazing two days... When suddenly every media outlet is now telling America what the policies are and the specifics... Instead of reinforcing the "hes never specific" rhetoric while calling him a racist woman hater...

Its amazing how many articles like this are detailing exact plans and steps how.
OP's title is framed like he just proposed this - the whole article is based on a comment he made Oct 24 about the fact that reducing federal workforce would stem corruption. He didn't actually propose it
[deleted]
They're supposed to have the results on Monday.
Calling someone a faggot not even a minute after calling him a homophobe...really? 

We don't need that kind of help. Seriously. If you feel this upset that you are compelled to have stupid outbursts like these in public, please stay home until you get a grip. You're not helping.
I voted for Hillary and badly wanted her to win but the supporters who are acting like this in person or on the internet (a good chunk of them) are insufferable. They are more annoying to me now than the Trump crowd. We spent Obama's presidency saying it's ridiculous that the GOP acted like this about Obama from day 1. So "democrats" turn around and do the exact same thing. I know politics is hypocrisy personified but Jesus, the lack of self awareness in some people. I hated Trump during the campaign (and honestly hate him now) but he's the President now (who's not even in office yet) maybe at least let him do one thing before we declare this "literally Nazi Germany". I never understood the ultimate partisan types who root against the President of the US, not realizing he's essentially the pilot of the plane we are all on. It creates a more toxic environment than any President can create with policy.  Just generally sick of the outrage 24/7/365. 
This isn't isolated. In fact, it's happening all over the place. One of my high school classmates posted to FB that "assassination or impeachment is the only option."

I think it's the byproduct of a very dirty campaign. Both sides riled up their supporters, telling them that the apocalypse would happen if the other candidate were elected.
I have far more liberals than conservatives on my Facebook feed, and the amount of petulant divisiveness I have read in the past 36 hours is simply astounding.  Many of them are revealing themselves to be are astounding hypocrites, to put it kindly.  These aren't self-righteous college freshmen I am talking about, but 30/40-something college-educated professionals.  

People on both sides of the ideological spectrum should climb out of their Internet-enabled echo chambers for ten minutes and grow up a little.   
Don't really care to discuss the politics of things here but like...what did you record this on? Surprisingly good vid quality.
I don't even mind that there is no definitive goal to these protests. But at this point they are reaching the level of temper tantrum, not protest 
It's not just validating the prejudice of Trump supporters. This type of attitude/personality is toxic and I see it all the time amongst the younger millennial generation, especially at college campuses. Many left leaning public figures, including Obama, have spoken out against it. Some more than others. The most liberal figure against it that I can think of is an academic named Christina Hoff Sommers and from comments she has made publicly, she has no love for Donald Trump.

I really hope these people grow up or leave the country. They're just as bad as Trump supporters, if not worse.

Tagging /u/wishful_puppeteer because I think he'll want to read this.
Shows video of asshole Clinton supporter, somehow still mentions Trump "prejudice".  
Nice work.
Well this is exactly why Trump was elected. I didn't figure it out until Wednesday. I wonder how long it's going to take everyone to catch on.
This is literally the embodiment of the term "crybully".
Stay classy, DC.
As if they can help themselves? They are completely incapable of introspection.
Both sides are angry but this came across as people pretending to be angry liberals.
Have you just explained this to the guy and asked him to leave? 
Okay. This is not a tenant problem.  This is a friend (questionable to call him that) taking advantage of you.

Have a hard talk,  ask him to move out and change locks. Call the police - they always ask the person to leave.

This is why I find every excuse not to have a friend move in unless an emergency 
Fake like your moving. Get some free boxes on Craigs List, pretend to pack, get the unwanted guest out of the house, change the locks
I agree with just talking to the friend, but I also agree that it can be hard sometimes & you don't want it to get personal. If you're looking for an excuse, some leases that I've seen have rules about cohabitation & how long guests are allowed to stay. My last lease didn't allow guests for more than two consecutive weeks. You could always tell him that your landlord noticed a second person living there and sent you a notice about the violation of your lease. For example, my current lease has a section for "Uses/Unauthorized Occupants" dictating that only 3 people can occupy the apartment (it's a 3 bedroom). 
I don't think that is a tenant. But here's a free class you can ask away:

http://knowledgecommonsdc.org/classes/know-your-rights-dc-tenant3/
It sounds to me like you are being too polite and helpful which is understandable given the situation. Keeping your cats away etc. 

Like someone else said you need to tell him explicitly again I expect you to be out by Dec 4. Follow that up in an email. None of this "do you think you'll be out".  

The other angle is to start letting him know in writing you feel "violated" when you see him changing.  If this does go to some sort of court that could work in your favor too

When the day comes. Change the locks and put his stuff outside.  He'd have to be willing to go through the trouble to sue you etc. maybe this is harsh. Curious to see if others think this is extreme.

Why can't your other friend take him?  Also unless you're worried he'll hurt or  traumatiZe your cats I would let them roam around.
Everyone loves DC's ll/tenant laws until they find themselves on the other side of them.
Have you tried asking him to leave?  

Give him a date and tell him to get out.
There was no binding contract, no lease, no agreement. I dont believe verbal is enough in this case - especially since hes not paying anything to stay.  In that case, he would be trespassing if you dont want him there. 
Ok... listen.  I am soooo ready for this question. 

I had a now exboyfriend move in with me.  I asked him to move in.  (hi Michael!  He keeps stalking out R/DC from the west coast to find my accounts) 

He has some diagnosed mental illness and when he moved in, he stopped taking his medication, he lost his job, lost his schedule, and upped his recreational drug use to a level I've never seen in anyone in my life.  So, cue manic episodes! 

Prior to that, I borrowed $2000 from him to pay for an attorney and told him, don't pay me rent b/c that will be how I pay you back.  His mania went really bad and I asked him to move out in June.  He refused.  I went to the Tenant Relation office and they told me that as soon as he paid me $ for rent, he became a subtenant even though he was not legally on the lease.  The attorney at tentent relations board told me that I had to officially evict him, but b/c he paid rent, and he was a subtenant we had to use one of the few reason to evict someone.  Thankfully, he stopped paying me rent (granted it was for me to repay him back) but the attorney told me it wouldn't matter to the judge.  That he wasn't paying me rent regardless of the reason. 

So... TLdr:  as long as he didn't pay you a dime.. you are good to go to ask him to leave.  Do not take any money from him.  So the fact that he hasn't paid you is a bonus that is in your favor.  

Also, a note to anyone in reddit land, if you ever have anyone staying with you, just don't take a dime from them.  It's the only leg you have to stand on if they refuse to leave.  

The ex, I asked him to move out in June, and he finally moved out in September, but didn't come and get the rest of his stuff until May.  I have been peacefully living alone since. 
Ditto. Good meeting you, sir. 
Had a great time at the Grouplove show at Echostage two nights ago. I ran into /u/jimmytankins and we chatted about previous shows, this subreddit, and the upcoming Chili Peppers show.

It's great connecting with other redditors in person.
Not on the right in that box that says "search", that's for sure.
There's one at the White House, 8:00 to 9:00 pm Saturday.  Peaceful.  

Hey Friend,

You might be interested in [this facebook group](https://www.facebook.com/events/1251108374946674/).  [This one was earlier in the week](https://www.facebook.com/events/182835798842081/), but you might be able to connect there too.
They *should* be outside of the DNC, but it will probably just be some roaming band of angry people. 
Protests for what?
Sounds like a great idea! Any way to recognize you, other than "person with a lot of coloring books"?
Please post again on Saturday with some more information on where you're going to be and how to recognize you! 
hey there - PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE come over to us at https://www.catharsisonthemall.com/ - we are right next to the monument and would LOVE to color with you 
This sounds wonderful. I'll be sure to pass the info along to some of my friends who I know would also appreciate this. Would be great if you can post again Saturday afternoon with some more info about where you are
Will you hug me? Need more hugs.
might could do it. I was going to go hiking since the weather is so nice.
I love coloring.  If I weren't going out of town for the weekend I would come.  Have fun and stay within the lines.
You, I like you. Keep up the brightness!
You are a good and cool person.  Thanks for bringing some positivity.  I am moving houses this weekend (locally) otherwise I'd join you. There in spirit.  Color on, fam!
How was it? Sad I had to miss it. Let us know if you plan to do it again
Aw man this sounds awesome. If I wasn't out of the country I would so be there. I'll be there in spirit. 
I would definitely do this if I weren't going to be out of town this weekend.  I'm glad that people are making an effort to stay/be positive during this time!
Aw I'll be gone this week but this sounds so fun! Jealous
yes, keep us all informed!  Do an EDIT within your post to tell exactly where and how to find you : ) 
This is a lovely idea! I wish I could make it to go with you!
I'm also going to be out of town, but if anyone wants to do this regularly or on a weeknight or Sunday afternoon, I'm down for doing it. In fact, I think I'm going to pull out my book right now and color a bit while listening to some new (to me) podcasts and watching West Wing reruns for comfort.
Any chance people want to meet up earlier? Maybe 12 or 12:30?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0D-MCfELAc

Don't mean to be a grump . But this sounds like a children's event .
"Bunch of coloring books"

"Coloring is my outlet"

Liberal childishness has reached absurd levels this election cycle. You all are so deeply, deeply triggered
https://www.washingtonian.com/2016/11/10/veterans-day-free-food-and-deals-at-restaurants-around-dc/
Fogo de Chao is 50% off for mil/vets. I'll be going there later. 
[deleted]
queen vic on h street is a soccer bar 
Lucky Bar will have the game on, guaranteed. 
DC United is having a watch party at Penn Social, 801 E St. NW.
The Irish channel in Chinatown, and Ireland's Four Courts in arlington.
I would assume most bars would be showing the game.  Lucky bar is an option, but will more than likely be crowded.  Good atmosphere thogh
I also like Biergarten Haus on H ST.  They always put whatever game on I ask for.
I am going to go to red derby with a few other people and hope that they will put it on - i feel like most places would if you bring enough people?  There isnt too much else on sportswise tonight which helps 
Know it's super late but if you or anyone else at Lucky I'm just getting there and looking for someone to enjoy a beer and the match with. I'm a tall blonde guy in Levi's jacket. 
Nellies is always a good bet.
Thanks for posting this. I think she hit the nail on the head.

> I really am cautioning my own constituents against any morose sense that the world has just stopped. I really do think that this is the time to show that the fight continues and not to make assumptions. I don’t expect to be cheered by the first 100 days, but I also know he can’t possibly do much of what he pledged to do. That’s what I tell my constituents. I do not need a bunch of people walking around saying we are lost at a time when we ought to be fighting.
Look at the policy consulting firms like Stateside, Fiscal Note, Aristotle, Vocus. They love to hire young people and work them to death, but it's at least full-time gainful employment.
[deleted]
[deleted]
One and a half years of internships and now I work at a think tank. One of those internships was at a start up soap company (think Toms Shoes but for Soap). You've got to hustle, network, and expand your horizons.
But....why, in an article about a man being shot...is there any mention of the vehicles, their damage, or how much they may have cost?! To me, that horribly minimizes the incident and makes it as if his situation is as meaningless as a vehicle being shot...
They tried to steal his car but did not know how to close the door so they could drive it then they found out it was a stick so they shot him again.
Dumb asses.
I wonder if the victim was the owner of the BMW i8? Perhaps the car or the victims affluence had something to do with why he was targeted? ...Beautiful car btw.

>Two vehicles were damaged. The police report says a high-end black BMW i8, which depending on the year can cost up to $140,000, had several bullet holes in it.
You should contact the guy who runs Metro Hero, if he isn't already aware of this. He's on Reddit, but I forget his username. Awesome work, would totally buy you a beer.

Tagging /u/dcd00d because I think he'd like to know about this too.
Very Nice !!

Work in progress that looks like it is about 80% there.

The things I noticed missing were the Blue line (C Route) between Rosslyn and Pentagon along with their junctions, the Orange line (D Route) and its junction with the Blue line east of D&G junction, The Yellow line (C Route) south of King Street and its junction with the Blue, the missing end of all of the pocket tracks and the E route end of the B&E connector on the Green line. 

The 2 turnouts on track 1 between Rhode Island Avenue and New York Avenue should lead to the left as Brentwood Yard is between the mainline tracks, there are 2 more turnouts that point in the opposite direction from both mainline track between the 4 you have and Rhode Island Avenue. The turnout on track 1 between Van Dorn Street and King Street should lead to the right as it connects to the Alexandra Yard lead between the mainline tracks.

I'm in the process of doing my [track map](https://c2.staticflickr.com/6/5060/30079469041_c29eb1d9a8_o.png) in CAD format. Shouldn't be to difficult to overlay the track circuit IDs on it.

all.pdf renders a blank page.   
I didn't know they had an API. Sounds like fun for another weekend 
Very cool project--thanks for sharing!
nah
No.

Odds are he'll make it worse.
Rofl yeah no
Get ready for the 8000 series trains. They're gonna be fantastic, believe me.
He's from a state with one of the country's best transit systems. And as the article notes, we have some reasonably pro-Metro/pro-WMATA Congresspersons taking office or retaining their office, including Democrats Chris Van Hollen and Gerry Connolly and Republican Barbara Comstock. 

This is a little off topic, but I actually believe that a lot of what we are going to see from a Trump administration is going to be driven more by Congress than by the WH. As you may have noticed, Trump's grasp of both foreign and domestic policy is... somewhat loose. This isn't an ideal situation by any stretch of the imagination, but he *might* (and this is a huge 'might') be more willing to work with Congress on issues that he hasn't made up his mind on already. 

I'm not sure what a Republican fix for transit would look like; the party as a whole is pretty hostile to federal support for transit in general, so we will have to rely pretty heavily on Reps and Senators from this region to do the legwork on this issue and hope that Trump is OK with it.
Can the internet in fact meme a train to Wheaton?
Bone broth is one of the stupidest cooking terms ever. Broth by definition is a liquid made by cooking meat in water. Get Pho or Ramen, both are "bone broth". Pho 75 in Rosslyn has what you're looking for.
Red Apron on D St NW sells sipping broth you can add herbs and things into. I've never had it, but I've seen it on their menu before 
Kitchen Basics makes a bone broth that you could grab at pretty much any grocery store.
If you can't find bone broth, DC Noodles has a noodle soup with clear citrus broth that is my go-to.
[Prescription Chicken](http://www.prescriptionchicken.com) has bone broth but I haven't tried it (or any of their stuff). But they deliver!
Theres Also a food truck that sells it
I've often thought the same on the H St NE routes. But then I see how much struggle it is for people with disabilities, walkers, canes, and wheelchairs to even board the bus, let alone go more than a few blocks, and I feel like a jerk.
"We need to eliminate all these bus stops, my my own is off limits" -how this goes every time it gets tried. 
Metro did a study of many bus lines last year to see if they could eliminate any stops. Stops at schools, churches, and community centers were off limits for cutting, but the rest were subject to be cut if they had both low boarding (relative to nearby stops) and were within something like 2 blocks of another stop.
Eliminating stops is one tool that should only be used in conjunction with others. 

Eliminate stops but we should probably do it with bus lanes, signal priority, and stop redesign that includes level boarding and fare machines. 
I totally agree. [Here's a good article](https://urbanedge.blogs.rice.edu/2016/08/16/a-year-after-redesign-metro-ridership-is-up/) about Houston's complete redesign of their bus network last year to make it much more efficient, even though it does serve fewer stops than it used to. Ridership is up so far! It's been especially good for their rail ridership, interestingly, though that's probably due to a combination of things. But I imagine more frequent and reliable bus service makes it easier to transfer to/from other modes without worrying about an excessive wait.

Of course, you have to be sensitive to people with mobility impairments that can't easily walk those extra blocks, but there are ways to ameliorate that. And, in general, transit-dependent populations are the ones that benefit the most from better bus service. For example, eliminating stops has allowed Houston METRO to run buses more frequently -- meaning that wait times at stops has decreased, which is good for everyone but especially those who have difficulty standing for long periods (and who might be waiting in heat, rain, etc.).
The L2 isn't even that bad.  I take L2 from Adams Morgan to Farragut Square and it's the 'express' compared to the 42/43 that stops every fucking block.  
I agree. There should be 2 stops. A stop in front of your house and a stop where you need to go. 
Get used to it. That's how buses work. If you don't like it, take a cab or ride a bike. But we're not getting rid of needed stops just because some privileged guy finds it inconvenient to his commute 
I used to ride the 30s. During rush hour, the 39 took the same amount of time as the 32/36 after you accounted for  the extra 5 minutes of walking time. 

Maybe that's not the right route to really test this hypothesis though. 
I see your point, but basically it's because those stops are unnecessary until you have to use them. 
What about disability/elderly only bus stops with a bus stop sign that lights up when pressed?
I take the l2 also every day to and from work and I have often thought the same thing. No need for a bus stop you can see someone waving from.
yes, but, adding bus stops is a cheap constituent service.

So Council Members do those...

The X2 has 3 stops within two blocks of each other. Condense down to one stop and i swear you could take 5 minutes off the run.

Same with the stops in the middle of Wheaton. There are two pairs I can think of that have only one block between them. 
The most tortuous bus journey is closing time in Chinatown, taking Georgia Ave North. Express or local, the bus is always packed to gills with restaurant and bar people getting off work, and people going home fro out on the town. You'll hit every single stop, and it takes over an hour to get to Maryland, which takes about half that during rush hour.

but at least it's a somewhat cheerful bus since half of it is shitfaced.
And then there is the 42 going through Dupont Circle (at least way back in aught 9 when I last rode it): one stop at the north metro entrance, a second stop at the south entrance, and a third stop at Conn. and N.
Maybe make every other bus an express bus that stops at limited stops?
I take the L1 and L2 as well. Hey, bus buddy!
Hello. Handicapped people. 
We need to eliminate back to back buses on the same line going in the same direction after you have waited 45 minutes for a bus that was suppose to arrive in 10 minutes I'm talking to you D4 and D4 and X8 and X8 buses.

I think the drivers might be buddies and take their breaks together.
WMATA is currently trying to eliminate spots on several routes and ANCs are fighting it tooth and nail whining about their poor seniors who will have to walk another 30 yards. Yet another reason to abolish the ANC.
Agreed. Buses stop way too often.
Chuck Levin's in Wheaton!
Middle C is overpriced; buy your shit online. I play sax too :)
Chuck Levins for instruments, but for things like reeds you might as well buy them online before going to chains like Music and Arts.
Music & Arts is a good bet too, they're all over. For reeds I would recommend online though, unless you're looking to buy individual samples...
There are some good ones, but to me nothing compares to the Korean War Memorial.  Find yourself a quiet day in the middle of the week in late winter when there's some snow on the ground and go.  It'll take your breath away.
The Air Force Memorial is great, but kinda hard to get to without a car. Awesome view. If you don't make it tomorrow, they regularly have concerts.

I was surprised by the Veterans Disabled For Life Memorial, it was very moving.
I just moved here a few months ago and love that we get the day off work tomorrow. With my free time I'm going to explore a few of these. Do you think Arlington Cemetery is too crazy to try to visit?
I've never been to the soldiers home but it sounds like just the right out-of-the-way spot to venture up to tomorrow. I love a good view. 
What in the world is Park Van Ness doing making listicles?
They are all just circlejerking in an echo chamber. Wasn't the time to raise awareness before the election?
best pic:
http://i.imgur.com/5CRTiDe.jpg

"We are better than this"

"FUCK TRUMP"
What lenses did you use?
These people are the cheesiest, most pathetic looking bunch of losers I've ever laid eyes on. None of them will ever succeed at anything except complaining
Say what you will about the man, but he/his brand hit that hotel outta the fuckin park. Old post office building never looked so good
Target in Columbia Heights sold out of their 20 consoles before they even opened. Now there's a line in front of Best Buy. 
Walmart?

Edit:

[Apparently they may be hard to get.](https://www.google.com/amp/www.theverge.com/platform/amp/circuitbreaker/2016/11/10/13586136/nintendo-nes-classic-buy-online-amazon-best-buy-gamestop-price?client=safari)
Is Dick Cheney leaving town?
Is that supposed to be Obama? 
Poor design. 
Looks like a safe way to protest that couldn't result in an innocent person getting into a terrible accident on the parkway.
Between this kind of thing and the incidents last night like stopping highways and burning effigies, I am pretty worried about our state of affairs - in society, never mind our politics. None of us seem able to shake hands, win or lose, and go on to the next thing. I hope it dies down but it really concerns me that it's even happening and seemingly getting worse. Forgive the OP diatribe.
whose face was on it?
Oh, but I'm being a hysterical woman when I tell people that I am genuinely worried at the people who feel emboldened because Trump was elected. /s
I got a really simple black tattoo at Cirque du Rouge (416 H Street NE) by a guy named Alan. You can see his work here: https://www.flickr.com/photos/cirque_du_rouge/sets/72157631320253876/
Super friendly guy with a strong technique, and made me feel at ease. I've also heard good things about Fatty's on Connecticut. Good luck searching!
What kind of style are you going for? There have been a lot of threads on this so a search might do you some good
Greg Piper at Exposed Tattoo in Manassas does incredible work. His wait list is at least a year. 
Shawn Brown at Tattoo Paradise is my guy. But, as someone else mentioned style matters. Most people have specialties. 
> So, how does this get resolved?

Years of being tied up in courts at great expense to the taxpayers would be my guess.
It worked with federal highway funding as leverage to increase drinking age 21. 
DC will lose if he's serious. The funding cuts will hurt, but there are so many federal LE agencies here they can just arrest and deport without DC helping.
It will not be, all federal funding.  Likely targeted, toward, law enforcement and welfare programs, but not a complete cancellation, some percentage.  
Hopefully by eliminating home rule.
Would a federal hiring freeze impact those already in but have room to be promoted thru their full performance level?


California and Washington return the favor by denying federal fund collected in their state? 
That's pretty standard for an eye exam with contacts.

Maryland contact prescriptions are supposed to be good for two years (state law) vs. one year in DC and VA.
Welcome to DC OP
http://www.americasbest.com/eye-exams

$79 at America's Best
Pretty sure it's under $100 at Costco, if you're a member.
I have used My Eye Dr. in Burke for years, paid between $150 and $175 for an exam and a year of contacts (monthlies).  
Order from the U.K.  They don't need a contact prescription as long as you know exactly what type of eye contacts you need 
check groupon. sometimes they have deals. I found one for $50 once and was pleased. 
AU student. It's funny because this circumstance is really isolated here afaik. Campus was a ghost town the day after the election.
And this is why I do not give money to them
There's an unedited video of this out there with the flag burning kid yelling "suck my dick" over and over as he burned it. Tommorow's leaders are an impressive bunch. 
How to not get your message across 101. Lesson 1: Burning your own countries flag.
You can also rent a van or pick up on ZipCar. 
IKEA delivery is really nice and through a third party. I think you can pick a day though ... 
You can hire someone on the TaskRabbit app to pick it up and bring it to you. They will charge an hourly rate and can estimate how long it will take to get it to you. I did this about a year ago and also had them assemble it for me (it was a dresser) and I remember it was reasonable, though I can't remember quite what the total was.
U haul has van rentals for $20/day + mileage fees. I've used them to pick up IKEA stuff in the past.
[deleted]
Why would I want to listen to the people who were completely wrong about the election talk about how wrong they were?
Fuck anyone from the media.  They showed their hand this election.  What a bunch of zombie toters
Clearly, we need to have more "conversations about race." /s
IMHO, State Dept. jobs and internships are much harder to get, especially with a clearance. Take it! You can get a Congressional internship later, especially if you have State Dept on your resume. PM me if you want to discuss further.
I think the State Dept still might be useful for you. Lots of what State Dept folks do is writing/reporting (look for opportunities to work with political and econ officers). 
What section is your State internship in? As a former State intern, I think it would be best to take that one. I'm not sure what a Congressional press internship would be like, but I know at State I was given a lot of real projects to work on and was able to meet a lot of people when I was hunting down answers for a cable. My friends who have interned on the hill said they just answered phone calls all day and pretended to care about their calls. These are highly intelligent and competent people too. 

Plus, State Department will look really good on your resume and you won't have to worry about the partisan issue. 
Stand up for us. I'm not saying come rescue us but when you are out there in life, if you see bigots and supporters threatening us or putting us down, speak up. Silence or thinking we got it in when you see a verbal altercation is what is going to communicate to these people you're on their side. 

Show them this is not going to be tolerated around here and keep in mind this city will be seeing different people coming in, ones from the areas of the country which **don't** want equality. They will come in with their administration, their cabinet appointments, their media, and even their tourists now coming to the District area to catch a glimpse of this new President.

Vocalize respect is required of them and, if you see it as an extreme from others deciding to lash out at them, emphasize the same or it will give his supporters more reason to believe we are worse than them.

The best way to begin getting involved in the long term is to set an example in our daily lives of what belief systems toward embracing tolerance it is we want to emulate.
Also, please donate to Planned Parenthood and talk to your Congress members about raising TANF and SNAP benefits for poor folks
Don't forget that there are two or three levels of government below the Feds. A lot of the things that Trump endorsed aren't policies that the president would directly pursue, like bringing back stop and frisk. 

Get involved in local and state politics -- city council, mayor, district attorney (N/A for DC), sheriff (ditto), ANCs, school board, etc. in terms of day to day life, these officials affect lives way more directly than the president does. 

A lot of the racist, sexist, etc. policies and issues that exist today don't originate from the federal government and can't be fixed directly by the federal government, so these are good ways to get involved regardless of who the President is to be honest. Police brutality is a local government issue; wrongful convictions are a local government issue. LGBT rights can be legislated by states and even localities in some jurisdictions.
HuffPo just posted this - ["If You’re Overwhelmed By The Election, Here’s What You Can Do Now"](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/if-youre-overwhelmed-by-the-election-heres-what-you-can-do-now_us_5822c7d0e4b0e80b02cdf133)
Donate or get involved with organizations that will fill the gaps that Trump will create the social safety net and will try to push against Trump and the GOP for the next 4 years.

Here's a list of some that maybe interesting to you:
http://jezebel.com/a-list-of-pro-women-pro-immigrant-pro-earth-anti-big-1788752078
Anything anyone knows of to do to help support funding/awareness of climate change & the sciences? As a PhD student in the scientific realm, I'm bewildered and terrified at the thought of funding being cut from the research to preserve our planet and ultimately ourselves. 
This is general, not local, but: think about which messages you want to amplify and vote with your dollars. If you see a well written article about racism, sexism, homophobia, etc., take a chance that shit will get ugly and post it to FB. Go to movies, buy books, buy music, buy games by and for women, queers, people of color. Listen. Listen. Listen. Volunteer your money and time when you can.  And strive to be a megaphone to amplify our voices. Humans are sheep and the more we see/hear something, the more we're okay with it. Go out of your way to show others stuff by/about the minority groups you want to support. And thank you for giving a shit about us. 
Instead of rallies and social media, volunteer your time or donate money to a worthwhile organization.  There are plenty of shelters in DC that need assistance in the form of time, goods, and cash.  

That will actually, tangibly help people who are in need much more than going to a rally.  I like Christ House in Adams Morgan, but pick a place that means something to you.
This may seem insignificant but smile at any muslim woman you see wearing a hijab, throw in an assalamu alaikum if you're feeling particularly kind. As a Muslim American born in DC and raised in NOVA, I haven't been this terrified since right after 9/11. I'm slowly coming to the conclusion that this country may not be right for me anymore. A harrowing conclusion btw, because this country's all I've known. As a man without a long beard, you couldn't tell my faith unless you spoke to me, and if we get to that point I'm pretty confident I can defeat some of your preconceived notions about me or my faith. I'm not sure my muslim sisters have this luxury. Assuming Trump increases his anti-Muslim rhetoric if (god forbid) another terrorist attack happens here, I fear these women will be judged as "terrorists" on sight, I also worry that this kind of rhetoric coming from the President will only embolden those who may feel that way, but have kept their bigotry to themselves.


I fear for my mother who's worn a hijab almost her entire life. I fear for the many Muslim American women I admire, because I've always felt that it takes so much courage to wear your religion on your sleeve, or I guess your head in this case.  


Again, it may seem insignificant but I guarantee you that any small kindness here would go a long way. 
As a non-white male, we appreciate your support.  Seriously.
https://dcindymedia.org

http://washingtonpeacecenter.net/alerts

Rallies are usually posted on those two sites. But if you're looking for anti-Trump rallies those are scattered, so they'd probably be on facebook.
Here's a different angle: You're in DC. Consider a career as a public servant. The men and women in the Federal Government have a huge and tangible impact on the future of this nation. Choose an agency you care about and seek out opportunities to work there and do your part in making that corner of the government better. Congress and the president matter but at the end of the day it's our public servants at all levels that truly make up and steer the government. 
Get out there and meet people at local ANC meetings, community groups, on the streets in as many areas you can in DC and around the country.

Almost all the candidates had an email or FB presence. Engage them in dialogue, ask questions, take notes, give feedback, etc.

It's a long haul but that's one approach.
Speak up when you see something happening in public.  
Donate. Put your money and time where your mouth is. 
Vote and encourage others to vote in the midterm elections. 
As a straight white male with a big redneckish beard, I felt obliged to say things like "what the fuck did this country do yesterday?" just so people wouldn't look at me and assume I was happy about the outcome.  Kinda like going "I'm not racist I swear" but I figure on a day like today my looks might make people think I was a Trumpeter.
Educate yourself first.
https://www.donaldjtrump.com/policies
Identify which policies you have a problem with, and argue against the specific policies, rather than resorting to [ad hominem](http://i.imgur.com/w1oMnqn.png) attacks against the president elect. 
Antifa
I'd suggest giving to the D.C. Abortion Fund, in addition to all the other suggestions. http://dcabortionfund.org/
Register to vote in a swing state. 

Seriously, Slate had a great [article](http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2016/11/09/don_t_move_to_canada_liberals_move_to_a_swing_state.html) about how liberals tend to self segregate themselves (grow up in Iowa/Michigan/Ohio, move to Williamsburg/DC/California) and in doing so lose their power. I can't tell you how many people I've met here who couldn't even *fathom* the idea of living "across the river". Your "I voted" sticker doesn't count for much if you got it in DC. Vote in Virginia, or register absentee from your parent/family home. 
I live down in VA, but I'm in DC a lot so the DC subreddit is fun for me
Start wearing your Bernie Sanders stuff.

Start picketing the DNC until they sack all the corrupt clintonites there?

Get active in DC Politics...

Buy an electric car.

install solar PV.
River Road UU holds a BLM vigil every Friday night at 6:30 at the corner of River Road and Whittier Blvd.
Get involved in trying to take congress back in 2018. Anything other than that is just complaining. 
One thing you could do is not go all in on the fearmongering that people are doing right now.  
I heard the same howls of kristallnacht (seriously) and anti-muslim violence 4 years ago, 8 years ago, 12, etc.  
Each time people stopped believing in their fellow human and started believing their own hype. Then forgot after days and weeks.  
It's been a few days, and it's been a year since the start of the campaigns. I don't see any difference in people.
[Give Your Money to Women](http://www.vice.com/read/give-your-money-to-women-its-simple-284) is a movement to address inequality.
Get ready to turn out people for the inauguration and help shut the city down. Oppose Trump wherever and whenever possible and help fight for wins locally. Start looking forward and getting people excited to mobilize a turnout for the midterm elections. Pressure our local leaders to act on climate and environmental issues since Trump is so dead set and destroying the planet and any progress the Obama administration has made in regards to limiting the emission of greenhouse gases. And volunteer for campaigns in upcoming swing states. This election saw 50% turnout. 25.6% of the US voting pop just chose Trump to be our president. The votes are there for the left to win and win big. 
If you want to fight police brutality, beat out another applicant for a job with your local PD.

Volunteer at Planned Parenthood, or even better, go become a doctor or RN and go to work for them.

Quit your current job and go work for an LGBT support non-profit.

Go get a law degree and become an advocate for First Nations people.

Demand that the leadership of the DNC unfuck itself so that in two years it can mount a credible challenge for control of Congress and a bunch of state and local legislatures.

Go become a teacher and spend what little free time you have volunteering to help struggling students.

There's plenty you can do to make a difference.  None of it is going to a quick and painless salve for your conscience, though.
Americans also need to work on passing another amendment to the U.S. constitution which takes money out of politics. Cenk Uygur's org Wolf PAC is working on it. Every progressive in america should be volunteerin for this org http://www.wolf-pac.com/
May I ask why LGBTQ? Trump is the only candidate ever to hold a gay flag in support of gay rights.  Why the concern for gays? 
This isn't /r/politics
Eek barba durkle! Someone's gonna get laid in college. 
I took four buses yesterday (to and from work, a transfer each time) and didn't get targeted on the basis of being white. One of those buses was the X2, not generally known for being full of honkies. Do we all need to collect anecdotes here?

I'm sorry about what happened and I can't blame you for being scared or angry. That being said, it's no more representative of black people, Metro riders, or DC residents than my own experience and probably less. 
Some kids were also commenting on my way of dress yesterday on the metro (and how they wanted to take my rain coat...) and they also said something about me probably voting Trump. I'm Mexican.
Why are people adding in a Trump hat/saying I'm omitting something? I didn't vote for Donald Trump. No. Even if I did I'm a decent enough human being I'm not gonna rattle people that are already angry wearing shit around. I'm not a provocative type of person. 
Same shit happened to me yesterday.

Just like I will not entertain any racist Trump supporter, I will not entertain these bigots either.

>Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.
It is going to be a rough few years for race relations in the US
Man, I am so incredibly sorry that you had that experience. I wish I could have been here to support you, and stick up for you. Please know, that there ARE people who would have your back and I pray that they will be beside you if this happens again.
Hate to say it, but its not unbelievable to me.  It's sad that there are horrible people out there that find an excuse to blame somebody.  They don't know if you gave a ton of money to another candidate, that you could be biracial, etc.  

Shitty experiences but stick around if you can handle it.  
I had some guys ask if I was a Trump supporter outside the polling location in Brookland. When I said that Trump could eat a bag of dicks they offered me a puff off their joint. 

Probably not going to be great in the future though. 
This is dumb as hell since this whole area supported Hillary.  MD went Hillary.  DC went (90+%) Hillary.  VA went to Hillary because of the NoVA Hillary supporters.

The uneducated will continue to be uneducated.  The irony is that it's mostly the uneducated (not in this area, but in the US as a whole) that supported Trump.
I wanted to start out and first say I'm so sorry for your experience. I believe you.

For now, you should start sitting in the front car of the metro since it is the car where the conductor will immediately be aware if something malicious is going on. If you're feeling unsafe, get off the metro at the next stop and either move to another car or wait for the next train.

You can also carry mace or pepper spray. If that's a route you're interested in, you will want to read up on self-defence sprays [here](http://mpdc.dc.gov/page/mace-pepper-spray-and-self-defense-sprays) so that you can ensure you're following the law.
not unbelievable.  i've been on the subway many times with passengers that rant on and on about killing white people.  (the best one was the woman yelling that every white person owes their existence to black people.  that was fun. /s)

sorry that happened, but welcome to DC.
I also wonder if you aren't leaving out some details...

But before resorting to violence, kindly explain you are not a Trump supporter and try to express some empathy with their concerns. We have not yet gone that far into the abyss. 
While waiting in line I was accused of being a Trump supporter by a young black man, and he went on to string together a bunch of insults. I'm a white man, and I found this to be completely appalling on acceptable especially at a polling place.
I'm a white male and try to stay out of politics and religion as much as I can (I didn't support either candidates), and some of my minority friends won't even fucking talk to me. Ridiculous.
These encounters have been going on long before Trump was elected and will keep going on. First advice is just pay attention to your surroundings. If you think something sketchy is about to go down, remove yourself from the situation (i.e., avoid large groups of teenagers acting up).

If you get jumped by a group of people, your best bet is to take a beating. Pulling a knife or pepper spray is most likely going to get you hurt worse or even killed. DC laws make self defense really difficult unless you count your hands. You may be able to register pepper spray and carry a knife under a certain length (can't remember the laws, google them). That being said, if you want to disregard registration just buy pepper spray and a retractable concealable knife off eBay and risk metro police finding them (unlike Amazon, they don't track the laws banning the shipment of them in the district). Good luck.
You a white guy? Yes, you are a target. 
I am white and I love living in this city but considering the demographics of where I live and work, *especially* when I am in business/professional attire, combined with the  wealth disparity of modern times AND the fact that there are a lot of ignorant/uneducated people in this country, I am not surprised at all when I am percieved as being nothing more than a rich white guy. The thing here is that a lot of rich/wealthy white guys voted for trump both proudly and secretely (not to mention a lot of college educated white guys also chose to NOT vote against Trump) I agree, it is bullshit and I voted for hillary but there are a lot of legitimately pissed off people out there, and since I have already been on the business end of some racist encounters... Even before this election/campaign, i wouldnt be shocked when/if it happens again. In the meantime, i will do as i always do, rocking my earbuds, minding my own, walking fast, and avoiding *youths*. It sucks when it happens but a lot of people have things wayyy worse, so yeah... Buck up, old chap!
Casually explain how voting works and that a. DC doesn't matter and b. It was the 6 million who showed up in 2012 but didn't in 2016 who "lost it".
Look into some type of pepper spray if you can/ it's legal. A good tanto style knife is always an option if you know/are willing to use it. Just know that any weapon you carry can be just as easily used against you if you don't train and drill with it consistently. Pick up boxing or judo, or anything where full contact sparring is a regular and expected occurrence. 

The best thing you can do is use your head. Be aware of your surroundings, try to get near the operator in the first car or near the call button ( I know, unreliable at best). Pay attention to where the cameras are in the cars, try to keep escape routes open and actually have an E&E plan in your head every time you get on the train. 

If it comes down to having to throw down whoever hesitates loses the fight. Strike first, hard, and fast. There are no points for second place, and there is no such thing as a fair fight. Also mentally prepare yourself that you will get hurt. It sucks but that's how it goes. 

I'm sure this all sounds extreme but if your safety is really at risk and there are no alternatives you want to stack the deck in your favor as much as possible. 


[deleted]
How about an I'm with her sticker. 
I'm depressing you, aren't i?
Because nothing shows tolerance like physically threatening those who disagree with you.  
At any rate IIRC that someone on here was carrying in his bag a Machete for self defense.  Nominally it's a tool I guess, so legal (according to the poster).    No idea if that's true or not - but if your wielding a Machete noone is messing with you.  Not that I'm suggesting it, but was pretty funny.
There are THOUSANDS of deplorables in DC, and by deplorables I mean thugs who commit crimes at a higher per 100,000 rate than Maryland or Virginia (coincidentally, the most conservative region of the DMV, Virginia, has much lower per 100,000 crime than the more liberal Maryland and DC but that's none of my business... source: https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2015/crime-in-the-u.s.-2015/tables/table-5).

So as a dark skinned Asian American with similar business attire to yours who never gets harassed because people just assume by my looks I'm neither a threat nor a target, I'm sorry for the deplorable behavior of the deplorable thugs and deplorable hooligans that frequent the DC Metro. There are too many deplorables in this city, hopefully tougher policing and cutting all of the free/subsidized Metro rides that the DC government gives out will improve the safety for people who work here and commute to here and actually contribute to the economy here. I always feel bad when I see rowdy behavior on the Metro, but unfortunately, the transit police and police in general in DC are weak, powerless, understaffed, and severely held back in providing a strong police presence to deter harassment and general hooliganism.
We live in a bubble, and a lot of people in this bubble only view the "other side" as unaccepting and dangerous.  

And they're wrong.  

Let me preface this with the fact that I voted for Hillary.  I am also going to operate under the assumption that your situation has been like my own.  Are you white, and were the perpetrators black?  

As a white male I have been targeted in DC for violence.  I have had someone walk up to me out of the blue and tell me "You have money and you oughta share it, I oughta teach you a lesson" before he tried stabbing me in the throat.  I was dancing in the street with my girlfriend when this happened.  

Walking down the street, someone lightly bumped into me and I said, "sorry" and kept walking.  They chased me down and threatened to stab me, saying that I was "lucky he doesn't want to go back to prison".  

I have had friends attacked because they're white.  For one friend, after they stole his wallet, they then beat him with a baseball bat.  

The overwhelming majority of black people in the District would never even think of doing these things.  But there is a fairly significant proportion of the population that lives in poverty and relishes the prospect of attacking people based on their race.  And under no circumstances should this ever be acceptable or should one ever blame the victim.  

No one should ever be attacked because of their race.  
Were you wearing one of Trump's hats?  Maybe a "Hillary for Prison" T shirt or something similar?  It's hard to believe that you got intimidated twice for just sitting there minding your own business.  Once? Maybe. Twice in one day? There's probably some information omitted from the story. Especially when you say stuff like:

>I don't expect a lot of sympathetic ears here 

If you really were minding your own business, you'd get a lot of sympathy here.  Giving you the benefit of the doubt though, just know that the worst of it is happening right now.  It'll die down a bit until the inauguration, then it'll ramp up, then it'll die down again.  Getting into a physical altercation where you need to use pepper spray or something should be a last resort only.  

That said, if your story omits information like a Trump hat, sure, you get free speech, but that would be pretty tone deaf given the back story behind Trump's candidacy.
Do you have a lot of debt? Unless you're paying off a few hundred K in student loans, you'll be absolutely comfortable on 80k. I recommend not having a car and living somewhere along the red line so that you can easily metro to work. I'd look around Dupont Circle and Woodley/Cleveland Park. Or if you're set on a fancy modern apartment, anywhere downtown.
Just do the math. Start with $4,500 take-home (maybe more if you skip retirement contributions). 

$1,200 for a decent place with a roommate. That leaves $3,300. Can you cover these expenses with that and put aside some cash aside for vacations?

Groceries  
Eating/drinking out  
Entertainment  
Transportation (metro and/or car)  
Household expenses  
Clothes  
Student debt  
Medical costs / premiums  
Cell phone/cable/internet
80k is golden, especially if you're open to roommates. Most people at that paygrade live on their own. I decided to live with roommates at 80k because (1) I like people, and (2) I'd rather spend money on fancy restaurants and saving up for grad school/retirement/etc.  

As far as finding roommates, I've had really good luck with Craigslist. There's also r/dcforrent.  

In terms of expenses, I think u/dcgrump is spot on with the $1,200 estimate for rent. You should add $100-$200 to that for utilities, internet, etc. I'd suggest doubling whatever your current food budget is when you make the calculation, because DC is expensive (even groceries are like 2x what I was used to out west.)
I make about the same amount you do and I really think you are going to be okay. Most of my pay goes to loans and rent, but I still have a lot left over to take care of living well and saving. 
You'll be fine. Check Craigslist for rooms.
Pretty far, but please realize you have far more options in terms of neighborhoods than the ones you list, and you would be advised to broadening your search. Those who say you need to make $100k to live comfortable here do in fact exaggerate. If you are single with not to much debt, $80k is golden. Also remember Georgetown is more removed from public transit, so I would avoid it. It will a pain to get get around. You may like Woodley Park as well, in fact the entire western half of the red line.  Stick to the red line if you are working in Tenleytown. That will provide the easiest travel options. So that will throw in NoMA as well. The more transfers on metro, the more problems you will likely encounter. I will recommend foggy bottom either. 
Like others said, you should be comfortable. I make a little less than you, pay $300/mo in student loans and still manage to live alone with a dog and go out to eat once or twice a week (plus lunch during the work week). The areas you named are more expensive than where I am but with a roommate you'll be golden. 
Check out the new apts on H street.


Navy yard also has a lot of the new more modern apartment complexes going in. It's an area that's growing a lot right now and I have a lot of friends that are moving that way. A nice 2 bedroom will run you from $2200-2600 usually, so if you split it with a roommate, in your price range. It may be less convenient for work, but has several of the apartment buildings you desire.  
Meters are off but if you park somewhere you really aren't supposed to (such as in front of a fire hydrant) then you can still get a ticket/towed. 
What are you protesting?

Edit: to clarify, we are almost all anti-trump here. But personally I'll wait to protest until he's making policy decisions I disagree with rather than protesting the democratic process.
Probably craigslist under acting gigs
http://www.washingtonpeacecenter.org/alerts
Police scanner
Facebook events. There's one tonight (and the next few nights I believe) at Trump's hotel.
Bunch of ppl marching down G st at the moment....
Nice try, Mr. Government Guy
Concentration Camp
Maybe Sec Palin could see Russia from the top of the new RFK Stadium?

But in all seriousness - is there anything POSITIVE that could come from Trump winning? FML... At least we'll see him age and look like total shit over the next 4 years.
It definitely makes it way more likely it could be turned into home for Redskins.
Probably not much, the study and investigation process between multiple agencies and government levels would be quite long given the scope.
Absolutely nothing. Getting shit together for major decisions will take at least a year. RFK is peanuts both overall for the administration and within Interior.

If somebody does eventually decide it needs re-working it will go through years of negotiations, EIS, etc. By then there will be another presidential election.

If Trump somehow wins a second term and republicans retain the majority for multiple cycles is possible something will happen.
Wait, is there a rally or isn't there?
You're a little late.
Old Post Office Building, not trump tower
There was/is one by the White House.  Fox 5 had a live shot going on when some people couldn't play nice with each other and started fighting and well....that closed down Pennsylvania Ave and pushed it out from the White House.
Yes. 
No mention anywhere, but I have friends in Chicago & L.A. who say there are huge protests there as well. 
There's a Trump Tower in NW? Or are you referring to his hotel?
[deleted]
There's protests going on but barley mention of it in the media 
Very interested in joining if there is one.
Lets go there and protest everything he represents! I'm heading there now.
Yes I saw it last night
Is it just me or are most of the comments in this thread really offensive?
You all do realize that the new hotel is not called Trump Tower right? Or do you all really pay that little attention to your surroundings?
Assuming I'm feeling too shitty to make it tonight, but would be interested in the future, what is the frequency of this? 
Dumb question, but, what kind of board games do ya'll play? What's turnout usually like?
wish I had seen this earlier!   hope it was a good time and you all escaped to a time of fun and games for a bit : )
Can't make it tonight but would love to in the future. Where do I sign up?
I'll be there next week :(

What kind of board games? Like Monopoly or Eldritch Horror? 
Between larger paintings I like to do small (6" or so) landscapes of anonymous places around the city. There's a sort of charm to back alleys, dumpsters and all. 

If you'd like to see some larger paintings in person I'm showing along with many other artists at the [Principle Gallery's](http://www.principlegallery.com/alexandria) [Root To Bloom Show](https://www.facebook.com/events/134255190333391/). Opening reception is this Friday at 6:30pm, cost is free. Come eat, drink, and look at art with us. 
like! particularly the mt pleasant alley.
Its pretty incredible that you can instantly tell most of these are DC even though they are somewhat vague subjects with muted details from the brush-strokes. Speaks to how good of an artist you are if you can capture the look of DC in a painting of a back alley. 
Beautiful work.
These are fantastic. Do you do commissions?
"Tear this down NOW" on an old shitty house in Georgetown is classic Georgetown. -a Georgetown resident 
Great stuff.
I love these so much.
Wow, these are great!  You've really captured the feel of these places.
I bet if I moved somewhere else I'd really miss this hell hole
I'm really interested in pricing for commissioning a piece. 
These are beautiful.
These are amazing. Do you sell prints or just originals?
These are great and so DC! 
You should consider participating in this annual [For the Record](http://www.dchistory.org/programs/for-the-record/) exhibition. It is a juried art show with a DC theme! 

They are now accepting submissions. 
Wow. You're actually really great. 
What kind of paint do you use?
These are fantastic. 
These are amazing, I'd love to see more cities too! You are very talented. 
Ron, correct. The start to changing this isn't looking forward 4 years. It's starting immediately so it can begin to change in two.
Always appreciate your rants, Ron!
I needed this.  Thanks Ron.
Ron, you are right. Hopefully this is a wake up call for us who weren't active and vocal enough before.
parkings 15-20 theres like 3-4 lots around the venue. seems kinda shady but its fine just lock your stuff up tight. I've been here before, was also there last last night, and will see you tonight for Porter (: you can actually get parking in advance from parking panda or tag-b and pay like 9 bucks online. 
http://www.echostage.com/parking/
Safer closer to Echostage then a couple of blocks away.  Do what most people who worry about their cars breaking in do: Take Uber or whatever your favorite rideshare/bus thing is and park in a neighborhood close by that doesn't have parking restrictions. Cheaper that way.
Def can be sketchy if you park a couple blocks away. There is a lot right next door or directly across the street that are fine. Uber/Lyft are your friends.
Over the bridge past the venue to the residential area off 22nd st NE is not that bad. I've parked there for shows before and saw a few other concertgoers. Obviously walk in groups, and be safe. 
I know it's after the fact, but adding my experience in case it helps anyone else in the future...

I've been there a few times.  I do not believe it to be anywhere close to safe around Echostage.  Even by DC standards, I don't think it's a great place.

The only time I parked near there, it was less than a block from the Echostage and near the recommended parking lots, and my car was broken into.  I had a lot of stuff stolen from it, and none of it was in plain sight.  I think my car was broken into just because it had a VA tag on it so it didn't look like a local car (my car is not that fancy looking at all).

I spent a couple hours walking around the area that night trying to make it to a concert after party at a different club, and apparently all of the locals I ran into around there were either quite concerned for my safety to be walking around there alone, or they tried to engage me in conversations and initiate transactions with me that I did not want to partake in.  When I caught a taxi back to my car parked on the street near Echostage, the taxi driver was obviously concerned for my safety, and stayed to make sure I made it into my car and could start it okay.  That's the first time that's ever happened to me, and I've been in lots of dodgy places over the years.

I can't say that parking in a pay lot near there is a guarantee you won't have your car broken into or stolen from, but definitely don't _not_ park in an attended lot or street parking anywhere around there...   They don't do the shuttles from the metro anymore apparently, so your safest bet is probably an uber from the metro...

This might actually be the first state-based ranking that didn't have DC first or dead last. 
Glad my fiancee was okay I skipped that racket. Thank you Etsy lady with your attractive and affordable jewelry.
My engagement ring was a sapphire, and somewhat small, because I hated how larger stones looked on my fingers. When I went into work after becoming engaged, a coworker said, "oh, that's meant to be an engagement ring?" So this stat doesn't surprise me.
Normally might not upvote. Today, just happy to see some random, non election related news. DC is an interesting place.
As a local event planner, this doesn't surprise me at all. My own ring clocks in at a lovely but reasonable 2/3 carat, and it is absolutely dwarfed by about 90% of my clients' rings. I've seen some honkers over the years, man.
There's no better way to show you're the greatest, most masculine man on Earth than to buy as expensive of an engagement ring as possible!!!
Diamonds are a waste of money
I can't think of anything more stupid than buying diamond engagement rings. It ranks pretty close to spending tens of thousands of dollars on a party that could be a house downpayment or a nice trip for he couple instead of feeding/drunking a lot of people that doesn't matter.
...and people wonder why the nation choose a Washington outsider...
[deleted]
I hope this is allowed. I'm from Scotland, and visited your beautiful city twice earlier this year (and should be next year too). 

I was shocked by how poverty was colour coordinated (I stayed in a B&B off Benning, the only white person which was a new and enlightening experience). But I was taken with the atmosphere in the city, the multiculturalism I witnessed as I got closer to Union, the friendly and easiness in which I as a tourist was accepted. You have a lovely area, like a lot of places in America. 

This vote doesn't change that. The vote doesn't change the fabric of your country any more than Brexit did ours. It is a wake up call, for all of us, time for us to realise that bigotry, misogyny, racial hatred and more is still very much a part of our societies and those of us who can see past these, have to work harder to help our brothers and sisters do the same. Time to consider why people are still this way, and what can be done in and around *your* area by you, to help those around you. 

Don't give up. 
I'm brown, American by birth (seems to matter now), and a DC resident. I have no representation in Congress and my country just elected a President that doesn't believe I belong. I am not going anywhere. This is my home. Fuck the haters. 
This is actually a comforting perspective, thanks. 
Thanks. It means a lot to hear so much optimism from a new citizen. Thanks for joining us, and I'm sorry we let you down this time. We are going to do better. 
I'm a closet hillary supporter but also a blonde haired blue eyed white guy from the deep south.  I've had no less than 3 coworkers cite their glee about sending a message to the blacks and Muslims .  

These are educated,  successful people who you wouldn't think would be so spiteful to an entire race and religion,  but here we are.  


I don't want to work for the government anymore... time to look for a job in the private sector. 
Thanks man. I appreciate it.

[rant] By most outward stereo type appearances I have nothing to worry about. I'm a middle aged white male veteran with a good job.

My brain still cannot accept it. I have mini panic attacks every time I remember what has happened. I mean like just randomly driving back from dinner tonight I almost slammed the brakes in a panic, "OMG PRESIDENT TRUMP NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!". 

Then the anger kicks in. Anger at "my people" for voting for Trump. Anger at any brown person that voted for Trump. Anger at any woman that voted for Trump. Anger at any democrat that voted for Johnson or Stein (we lost FL and PA by fewer votes than Johnson+Stein got!?!?!?!). All culminating in a feeling of despair. 

I want to reflect, acknowledge, and admit that "hey maybe this is how people felt when Obama was elected," but then I remember, "they felt like this because they're racist bigots reacting to their own racism. I'm reacting like this because I believe Trump when he tells me, with his own words, that he is a racist, bigoted, jingoistic, misogynist piece of shit" Sure some people were just sad Mitt didn't win. I'm not talking about them, I'm talking about the people that went apoplectic about Obama turning our country into a flaming hell scape. I'm talking about the ones who voted for Trump this time around because they agree with everything he said with uncritical though. So no I will not compare my feelings to theirs

I plan to vote Every. Single. Year. Your vote counts. It counts even more when no one else is voting and that means off-year elections from school board to governor. We are only going to turn this around if we spend the next four years working from the bottom to fix gerrymandering, protect our educational integrity, maintain our local institutions, and elect reasonable state legislatures and congressional members coming up for election out of cycle. 

VOTE EVERYONE!!! VOTE VOTE VOTE!!! [/rant]
I appreciate the virtual hug, but anyone offering real hugs?
If you have lived in DC long enough you will realize what is "political talk" and what is real. People always say outlandish things to get elected. I have been on this sub r/washingtondc for many years under many different usernames and I leave and come back but always see this sub filled with more fresh college kids and less professionals every time. As an older person let me just says a few things... You may or will not have faith in the President elect but you should have faith in the American people and the system. Americans will not let you down nor will we purposely hurt you but it's true America has spoken whether we like the outcome or not. Don't fall into the trap of believing everything you see on TV and media as obviously they were wrong. Due build up your education in politics and choose a great candidate not just a "Easy win" there are many reasons this person won and they were not just because people voted. Thanks for Voting, your vote was still heard! 
Thanks for the hug! I needed it! Thanks for sharing your cheerful view. It helps to put things a little more into perspective. Despite having something so discouraging happen we are still better off than a lot of the world. 
Funny you mention it: a friend shared a "Solidarity Hug-In" event with me on FB today. So if you need a hug today, they'll be free-flowing at Dupont Circle around 6:15 tonight.

https://www.facebook.com/events/205226943253459/?active_tab=about
FYI, [All Souls Church](http://www.all-souls.org/) (unitarian) is having a vespers service at 19:30. 16th & Harvard NW

"Vespers is an hour of meditation, quiet communal singing, silence, contemplative words, and just being in each other's presence."
I only moved here a few months ago and was thinking about attending the inaugural parade.

Now, and maybe I'm just being paranoid, but I'm wondering if there's risk it could turn into somewhat of a white nationalist rally. I mean, I can imagine some pretty bad hombres coming in from all over to cheer on their xenophobic leader.
Thanks for this. I was so depressed today and am ashamed to be American (I never asked for it, I was born here), but it's people like you who will keep this country strong.
If you need someone to talk to, I'm here for you. :-)
Me
Nah, fuck half of America. Also, they will fuck you now since you aren't them. 
This sub is just as bad as /r/politics lol 
Voted for Johnson in Maryland, but not sad to see a Trump win. 
Please stay on topic

>Keep it relevant to the region

I think OP believes he pays a flat fee to ride the metro. 

OP, the length of your trip determines how much it costs. You dont pay until you leave the metro station. So your card records when and where you enter and then when and where you exit. Some trips cost $2, some cost $8.
Within the past year WMATA changed this so that you at least get reimbursed if you enter and leave a station within 15 minutes. It will still charge you leaving, but you will be reimbursed.

Your side question is interesting. I suppose you then must live there.
It doesn't charge you until you swipe out. Think Jersey Turnpike not flat toll road. 
There are machines that you can add money to your card before you exit the turnstiles (i think those work.. i've never actually seen anyone use them). you won't get trapped. you can also check the amount before you actually enter a station if you're not sure. And as CPT said-- you don't get charged when you enter; you get charged on the distance traveled.  
From wmata.com: Peak SmarTrip® Fares (in effect weekdays from opening to 9:30 am and 3-7 pm and weekends midnight to closing)

    $2.15 minimum
    $5.90 maximum

Off-Peak SmarTrip® Fares (all other times)

    $1.75 minimum
    $3.60 maximum

You must find the Keymaster and kill him in order to escape the station.
You only pay when you leave. However, the fare you pay is based on the distance traveled, so they have to track where you entered. When you enter the system, the gate displays how much is on your card, and when you exit, it displays both the amount charged and the new total on your card.
Wat? 

You don't pay until you leave. It is because the cost is based off how long you ride the train. You scan in and then are charged when you leave. 

If you swipe in one station and leave within 15 minutes at same station you aren't charged. 

If you don't have enough money to ride it will flag you when you try to swipe in with *insignificant funds*. You need to have a minimum balance, and the balance can be less than the cost your balance goes negative and you pay for it next time you add money. 

If for some reason you can't get out just walk through the gate and keep walking. 99% of the time the person working won't say anything. Even if you explain problem 99% they will let you leave. 

This submission shows no working knowledge of the metro. 
You're not supposed to be able to get in if you're under a set amount ($1.75?). You'll then go negative when you leave. 
what are you, new?
I don't get this either, if I wait 25 mins and there is still no trains listed on the board, I should not be charged for leaving
Lol what.
My comcast is terrible and often drops to a crawl for no reason.  If you find answers, let me know.
Mine has been really bad recently, too.
Nope... Because I swore that I'd never move to a place without Verizon FiOS.
Live in Ashburn and the service has been abysmal lately.
Is there any other kind of Comcast internet? 
Yes. Download speeds go down to 500 mbps sometimes, it's ridiculous
Mine has been at 1mbps the past two days. Tech is coming out today. 
Yep. All is normal
Yes. Extra infuriating when you have a guest over to watch Chapelle's episode of SNL on NBC Online and it halts for an hour. At least I know it's not my hardware now.
I just like that when I click "back" it doesn't take me back photo by photo, but rather straight back to reddit! Also nice photos :-)
Glad to see American University still representing. The White House is the best place to party on the election if you're under 21 with no fake ID. I remember mad dashing from campus over there when it became clear Obama was about to win the 2008 election. It was a long, pre-Uber walk back. 
FYI all, if you have any gripes about the interface/website format, please please please tell me! I have my own set of issues with it and I'd love to take a long ass list to our developer team. Thank you <3
Jesus look at the hate in that woman in reds face. Fuck
Interesting how pictures of hope and excitement degrades to shock and sorrow and anger.  The shot with HR hat guy pointing a finger at the MAGA hat guy is rather iconic.  

The red Trump lady...  Yeah, we all know her or have seen someone like her.  They're coming out of the woodwork after being "repressed" for so long by "PC" and "MSM".  It's not Trump I'm really worried about, it's the stuff at state and local levels that people, who wouldn't have dared to do so earlier, now feel emboldened to express and do.
when i look a these photos, i think to myself, "Gosh, these are all idiots."
Looks like the children's crusade.
Blue is comingled recycling, paper, metal, hard plastic.  Green is trash.
Do you not have the recycle symbol in the U.K. Or is it not on the bins in your airbnb?
They would be labeled if they're recycling
Rep your ANC. Start small and grow. 

Talk to your neighbors. Walk your neighborhood. Connect with people.
Easiest answer here is probably go to your local monthly ANC meeting and see what the issues are. 
ANCs and the local democratic party. Good luck getting traction with either of them.
statehood green party has meetings
Support the police. Ask for accountability from the DoJ on criminal cases... Especially violent ones. Thats what DC needs right now. Another voice screaming for justice... But not the REAL kind for actual victims.... is unecessary.
If you're a Democrat, look into Ward 3 Democrats (ward3democrats.com).
Going to your ANC meetings would be a good start.

This election has me thinking more about doing the same.
I hope that you don't live in ANC 3C.  You will get headaches going to those meetings.
I'll admit, I laughed
https://instantostrich.com/
Thanks for the laughs -- definitely needed it tonight.  
I want to laugh but I'm so depressed
Should have been Bernie/Warren. Thanks DNC.
I laughed at this one
[Yep](https://cdn.meme.am/cache/instances/folder397/500x/62311397.jpg)
Browse through the other dozens of similar posts in /r/washingtondc and you'll get your answer. No need for another post.
For the most part, subdued. People seem to be keeping to themselves. With that said, I might check out the protests at the Old Post Office and White House during lunch. 
Those of us who have been around forever, across multiple changes in administration, are handling it like any other time.

The transplants from Ohio that have only been here in 2010 are freaking out because they don't have the benefit of experience, and are also ashamed that all their friends and uncles back home voted for DT.
in my office, the hillary voters are horrified.  the trump voters seem shell shocked. ("Oh crap--NOW what do we do??")

ppl on the street are--ppl on the street.  am aware of only one minor riot so far (and it was absolutely peaceful when it started out last night--i was there).

so c'mon down--the weather's lovely.  maybe you'll see the hippie out walking his goat again. :-)
> Maybe nervous/scared feeling may not be warranted,

May not be warranted???? I'm going to guess you've been under a rock the past couple days and therefore have missed all the reports of minorities and women being harassed and bullied in the name of Trump, or you're a straight white male and don't give a shit about the rest of us.
I'm more afraid of anti-trump supporters than trump supporters right now....
I heard some dudes wearing "purge masks" were driving around by Howard University.
I'm indifferent. On one hand, I avoided a corrupt Clinton administration that would've blasted me in the ass but on the other hand, now I have a complete asshole in the White house who is  going blast me in the ass. Politics is just one big ass blast
[deleted]
Funeral?
saw a single f-15 on a low pass then perform a rapid LOUD climb. looked like it was coming from the national cemetary, but this seemed really odd to see happen. Couldn't tell whether there was anything attached to the pylons.
It was awesome!
I've seen other people mention it
saw 4 of them in formation above reston
Two fighter jets buzzed us in Rosslyn. Not sure why/where from, just heard it and looked up.
Heard over by American U around 1315, no eyes on it.  Can't find any scheduled flyovers, funeral or otherwise.
Heard it by Old Town waterfront in our office.
Thanks for posting this! My cowrokers didn't hear it. Glad to hear I wasn't the only that heard it. I'm out in GF and couldn't see anything due to cloud cover. I work outside and I've never heard anything that loud.
Just heard something similar in McLean.  Didn't see anything but heard something moving low and fast. 
Yep, heard a big roar over Dupont but couldn't see the cause. 
Am I seeing that Ashley Carter won as well? Isn't that a big upset? (even though it's a race no one really cares about)
Ironic, given that as long as DC keeps reelecting criminals it's got no chance of statehood (or retrocession to MD - why in the hell would MD want such a basketcase when it's already got one to deal with?)

EDIT: A word.
I can't, in good conscience, ever vote for statehood until DC figures out how to lead itself as a city first.
Where you guys at?
Can I come?
i could use a drink right now
Republicans move into high level government jobs, Democrats enter the private sector. Administration switches in a few years? Roles reverse.
There are about 4,000 politically appointed positions, so those folks are certainly out and new people will replace them. Those 4,000 people also appoint some other senior level positions - probably a couple thousand.

Trump said he will implement “a hiring freeze on all federal employees to reduce federal workforce through attrition (exempting military, public safety, and public health).” That means it'll be harder to get a job, so I think you'll potentially see fewer people coming here without a job already lined up (which is already unusual).

If you are at agencies like CFPB, EPA, and Education, I'd be a bit worried about large-scale cutbacks, or perhaps the complete elimination of the agency (especially CFPB, which was recently found to be unconstitutional in its structure, further adding fuel to the fire).

Trump will likely add jobs to defense and increase spending, helping the defense industry, which could offset some job losses in other areas.

Overall I don't suspect there will be a huge impact, but things will be tighter and it will be harder to move jobs.
I think this was asked yesterday?

Edit  
  
Here is the [discussion](https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/5bvwp5/how_big_of_an_impact_does_an_administration/) from yesterday 
Are you a politically appointed SES? If no, then you'll still have your job on Jan 21
IDK but it was dead silent on the Metro this morning.
my uber driver spent my ride openly mocking his last passengers for crying out of fear that they would lose their jobs
Everyone was just on they phone at the Caps game reading the election results off Google. It was eerie. Then the Caps game would break into THE SITUATION ROOM WOLF BLITZER but it was just an update on the Caps bobblehead vote. 

Suffice it to say a lot of people I saw coming home from the Caps game last night were highly displeased with a potential Trump presidency. 
Living in such a left leaning city is kind of eye opening to what a single party system would entail.
A gay friend was walking down the street on his lunch break today when a guy driving by in his car yelled at him, "Go Trump, faggot!"

My office has been dead silent all day, when it is normally quite chatty. Nobody is making any small talk at all. I've seen people excuse themselves to leave the room to cry.
Dude walked into the bar I was at and yelled "TRUMP! TRUMP! TRUMP!"... got into a shoving match with a lady. Got kicked out. 
I was at Meridian Pint on 11th, and was with an old friend and I suggested going to the White House around 9. He said we should wait an hour. About 9:20 I started to see all the red come on the map and I started to weep and did so for about an hour and finally left around 11:30. I saw a white gay couple where one half was crying on the other's shoulder in front of Wonderland as we walked home. 

I wept not so much about the president-elect, but what it meant for living in this city (to which I moved because of it's legacy and openess for someone like me, a black liberal southern woman), but thinking about how over the past 8 years, I've tried to get my life together and it's still kind of shitty and might get worse. I'm more spiritual these days, but I kept praying and crying for more time to get things together. I am underemployed currently, so I spent the day at home working on proposals and trying to process things. I've been on the phone with family and friends all day. I barely slept last night.

I'd had a nightmare before I moved here, about 8 months ago of this day. I told myself I'd work to make my situation better. Now I'm not sure I have time. Oh, and my home state is still quite purple, but not in a good way. I think I'm ready to go back outside tomorrow, but we'll see. And yes, I am considering leaving, not because I don't want to fight, but with my employment status, I'm not sure what will happen next.
I was outside the White House. It [got glum pretty quick](https://www.instagram.com/p/BMlyFx-jN6K/?taken-by=chrisbchester) in the evening. BLM supporters showed up, some f*** Trump chants, etc.
[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4874 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/08685)
An awful lot of Caps fans glued to their phones at Gallery Place around 9:30. You could sense everyone was internally freaking out.
17st was just eerily silent and still
Last night I saw a couple young females crying as I was walked down 14th street. It was a sad scene 
I, for one, am happy Trump won
City politics, or national politics?  Sounds like city, but then you reference the DNC.  

Big difference between the two, and very little overlap. 
Just a thought, but maybe look into specific causes you support. I would assume you could "do more" if you work on a specific cause such as animal abuse, abortion, LGBT rights, etc rather than a large party as a whole.
I googled "Dc democratic party" and the very first hit is "http://www.dcdemocraticparty.org/" and right on the home screen is a big button that says "get involved" I'd guess click that
just give pre-debate questions to any democratic candidate and your golden.
You better know what you're getting into for city politics. Expect to get questioned about how long you've been here, etc.
[deleted]
> D.C. votes to petition Congress to admit DC into the union as the state of New Columbia - 86% Yes; 14% No

Well, this means fuckall now.
Shits fucked
I woke up realizing that orange nightmare is going to live in the same city as I do.
Oh, am I the first one here? Then let me be the first to say...

God. Fucking. Dammit. 
Worst news of the night: Andy Harris got a 4th term
yo what the fuck, Ashley Carter won the board of education? How did that happen here?
Are there any bars that will have really cheap specials today? And are they open right now?
Will this crater DC's economy?
I'm not super familiar with Metro funding - does a fully Republican congress hurt Metro more, or do they get enough money from other places?
Does anyone know of any protests or gatherings going on? I don't even think they will help at this point but it would feel really good to feel that support and just use my voice to say this is so not ok.
Does anyone know where the ANC election results are posted?  
I don't follow DC gov. at all, but it seems incumbent Mary Lord is out of the State Board of Education , and a more conservative person in Ashley Carter now has the seat.
Is there a way to figure out who got how many write-in votes? I look on the [DCBOE site](https://www.dcboee.org/election_info/election_results/v3/2016/November-8-General-Election) and all it says is "WRITE-IN 6,003" for president, but it doesn't say who they're for.
I might be looking ahead too much, but I've never lived here during an inauguration. Can anyone tell me what to expect? Should I go out of town for a few days if able? 
I, for one, welcome our new Trump overlord. 
That was the worst thing I've ever read 
Does this count as spam since OP is the person who wrote this story? (OP's username is the "journalist's" last name spelled backwards.)
The Air and Space museum is so popular because airplanes are awesome.  They move fast, look cool, and they fly!  That's it.  It's not complicated.  I like all of the museums, but let's be honest that an airplane is a more entertaining display than some bones.
So you're saying that I, too, could be a "journalist"?
Ugh. You fooled me into reading that awful Millenial-mommy blogger. 
> I’ve never quite understood the enduring popularity of the National Air and Space Museum — one of the most visited museums in the world.

The writer is an idiot. You don't need to be a scientist to appreciate the marvel of flight, much less fucking SPACE TRAVEL. I get a headache just thinking about physics, but Air & Space has always been one of my favorite museums to visit. And I'm from here.

This is a garbage article.
Pardon the Post being the Post...full of sappy articles.
Really crisp.  I love the composition.  You could easily sell these as prints.
Beautiful Shot! How were you able to compose it?
Could you do a seasonal series of these??
It's important to remember that very few DC residents are elected officials or extremely high level executives within the federal government.
Honestly it wouldn't surprise me if Trump said fuck that little podunk town, I'm governing from Manhattan. 
We are gold plating everything!
You vastly overestimate the impact of the changeover of a presidential administration on the DC area.

>Will people leave in droves?

No. Political appointees will be replaced, but that's part for the course. Civil service jobs are locked in, spending changes originate from Congress.

>Will the job market be a disaster?

No. This area is recession-proof.

>Will Michelin guide stop coming here in utter disgust?

Ask them...that's their decision.
I think it's going to look [like this](http://www.vegasbright.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/back-to-the-future-2-biff-tannens-pleasure-paradise-poker-set.jpg). I don't have access to Photoshop currently, can some nice user please put Mr. President's face over Biff's?^^^thank ^^^you
I fully expect him to paint the White House gold.
I'm assuming the 100 foot tall display screen in front of the Trump Hotel constantly playing clips of "Macho Man" Randy Savage to the tune of "Proud to be an American" will be at least a modest improvement.
Probably not particularly different. DC the city and DC the seat of federal government are two very separate things.
I assume DC will be the same. Right around Inauguration, things might get ugly, but I don't see too much change.

I assume some funding will be redirected from diplomacy/development to military and there likely will be an increase in contractors vs. direct hires.
How would we know? 
Same Shit, Different Day
Serious answer: the exact same as it is now.

Trump is not anti-federal employee or anti-contractor despite what the media (you still trust them?) has told you. I don't think he even cares about local politics here.

>Will Michelin guide stop coming here in utter disgust?

Definitely need a "/s" for that.
Historically republicans increase government spending. That combined with the massive influx of dollars devoted to retaking the White House in 2020 will probably be good for the region. 
I'm just hoping housing prices will drop enough where I can actually afford to purchase a home near the city and not somewhere in Annandale or god forbid Fairfax.
Serious answer: the exact same as it is now.

Trump is not anti-federal employee or anti-contractor despite what the media (you still trust them?) has told you. I don't think he even cares about local politics here.

>Will Michelin guide stop coming here in utter disgust?

Definitely need a "/s" for that.
Republican presidencies are good for business, if your business is putting on black blocks. But no, people won't leave in droves. I don't think very much will change in the day-to-day.
Ever see back to the future ii when biff becomes like trump? Like that but worse
Yo I just heard some dudes wearing "purge masks" were driving around the front of Howard University..
Crofton to Chantilly is insane. It will be more than an hour and a half if its ever between 6:30 and 9 AM or 3 and 7 pm, probably longer hours than that. I would never EVER do it.

Adding on: I just looked at google maps chantilly to crofton, assuming you left at 3 PM that'd be over 2 hours. 
You're talking about spending 3-4 hours every single day in some of the nation's worst traffic.  Why?  Because moving is inconvenient?  That's crazy. The secret to happiness in this area is a short commute.

Within 20 minutes of Chantilly would give lots of different options for housing, community types.  Take the relocation money and relocate.  
Honestly man: move. Unless you're 100% sure you'll be regularly commuting in wonky non-rush hour times, 1.5 hours each way would be *a good day* for your commute. If you're fine with the possibility of spending 4 hours a day in your car, then have at it, I won't tell you how to live, but it would drive me insane doing what you're proposing.

If they're going to help you relocate, and your salary allows you to work around the cost of living, I would implore you to move somewhere west of the 16th St north-south line: Bethesda, McLean, Arlington, Fairfax, any old place will do. It will allow you to have a not distressing as all hell commute to HQ but leave you (probably) close enough to check in on whatever DMV sites you have to as well.
>It looks like my commute to Chantilly from Crofton would involve the Beltway which I've driven on plenty before, and I will need to find a new path in order to avoid the tolls... 

Tolls?   Take 66, it's far more direct.    267 is out of your way.


I've done Annapolis to Reston before, which is similar-ish in terms of start/end regions and distance.    If you can get on the road right after 6 it's not the end of the world.


At any rate I'd definitely give your new job at least a few months to make sure you like it before you even consider moving, unless you're getting some kind of crazy relo package.  (I can't imagine they'll give you that much for such a short relo; maybe see if you can delay its activation?)

After that, up to you.    If you're a big fan of Crofton, want to stay there, and don't mind spending a couple hours in the car a day, eh, go for it.       If it were me, I'd be eyeing a new place as soon as I could ascertain the job was a keeper.
If your employer is going to pay for the relocation, why wouldn't you relocate?  

As others have said, this is a humongously shitty commute.  There's absolutely no good way to do it.  

Particularly if the new job is going to have you desk bound, you couldn't even set up business meetings/client calls to space out the drive.  

Unless you're really wedded to higher taxes and a 120 mile round trip commute, take advantage of the help from your employer (which could easily go away if you decide not to move now) and find a nice place in Reston or Arlington or whatever.  
Thanks for all the responses guys. One thing of note is that the company is fully paying for all relocation costs. They either give me a huge lump sum which I could just keep and not relocate or they'll cover my lease cancellation and moving/packing, travel, etc. Even said they'd help my spouse find a job in the area. My thing with all that is this- all the money in the world won't change the fact that we will have to move... AGAIN. A 1.5 hour commute to me is worth to avoid all of that. Another thing of note. The new job will not be 5 days a week. So my commute will only be maybe 3-4 days a week. I come from a work background of constant travel- most of the jobs I have worked are satellite jobs where I got to 1 client site, work an hour or 2, go to another, and repeat all day and generally work in the evening, too, so I'm travelling on the clock. The concept of a "drive to work, STAY AT WORK AND LEAVE CAR THERE, drive home" job is very foreign to me. And that's exactly what this new job's going to be. So these are the things I'm taking into account. In other words, my opinion is that if I have to choose between a 2 hour commute of 2 travels VS a 2 hour of car time on and off and on and off and on and off... I'm choosing the first.
I'll tell you my commuting story. I lived in College Park, MD and was commuting to an office out in Fairfax. I had to be to work at 7pm during the week and I would usually leave no later than 4:30pm to make sure I was there on time. The traffic on the Montgomery County side of the beltway is so heinous, I would take the bottom side across the Wilson Bridge. So, it was 40 miles each way. Most days I'd get to work in an hour and a half but some days, it took the full two and a half hours or more and that is a shorter commute than you are looking at. Do yourself a favor and relocate closer to Chantilly. 
Found out today that the job is NOT in Chantilly, it is in Manassas, which is about 66 miles door to door to me. They ARE going to be still helping me relocate, after some issues. And on top of that they're going to let me essentially choose my own hours to do my first couple weeks of training to avoid rush hours, but ultimately me and my wife will need to move due to how far away it is. They're going to help us out along the way, and I don't immediately need to move, so it is a bit of a luxury to me. Also, my work hours are most likely going to be 11 AM - 9 PM 4 days in a row, part of which will be on weekends. So this is all working in my favor to stay out of rush hour. On top of this I still have other job offers that are pending background checks that are all around DC. So I am not going to move right away, not until I find a keeper. My situation right now is simply too volatile to say "my job is here, so move here ASAP." So we will see.
Solly's (U St)
it's just the smoke signal -- we haven't chosen a new ~~pope~~ president yet
I actually have a time lapse of this which I had started before the fire.  The building is being torn down, and for the last month I've had a gopro filming.  I'll have to check out the footage next time I'm at the office.  
DC Fire just [tweeted]:

(https://twitter.com/dcfireems/status/796019071863111680) Working fire: 1700blk of M St NW - Units on scene, PIO enroute. 9 story bldg. under construction, no inj reported at this time.
Wait, *I'm* at 16th and M St.

Man I hope my building isn't on fire.
Apparently on the roof of 1700 M

http://www.popville.com/2016/11/major-firesmoke-around-17th-and-m-street-nw/
I love how fast I was able to figure out what was going on. Thanks reddit.
Just saw the smoked from my desk in Rosslyn. Can't tell if it's relate to the construction site or not. 
That's where the hellgate is right?
I feel like black smoke is only from fires.  Hope everyone's ok!
Via Twitter, appears to be 1700 m st nw ... that is where DCFD has their ladders up to
This is right behind me.  It fortunately seems like it was a pretty tame fire that has for the most part already been put out.  Not seeing much smoke at all now, though there are a lot of firetrucks still in the area and tapping into the hydrants.

Be safe all.
I am across the street. I kept hearing sirens and wondered what was going on, so I checked Twitter and saw there was a fire. I turned around to look out my window for the smoke and it was literally behind me. 

It came under control very quickly.
I could see the smoke plume from 14th and P. Seems to be out now, but smoke is settling around the area. 
This was across the street from my building - 17th and M.

The building is currently being torn down for a new office building to go up. My best guess is that it was an electrical fire during some teardown inside. The first has since been put out.
It was an A/C unit. They just cut the power to it and went home
Why yes, I sure do, would you like one? 
Oh god! It's happening!
fire.

You don't work on that construction site with those 2 cranes do you? lol
Just some folks getting an early start on burning this mother down.
Ok...looks like the smoke is slacking now. Whatever it was, looks under control. 
MEtos on fire again?
That's it. This is my favorite one.
This one is fantastic /u/carmonamedina
This is another great one, you are the only reason I specifically visit this sub most of the time, *oh please* keep it up, awesome work!
[deleted]
Is Ashley Carter really going to win that thing? 

Everything about this election feels ominous at the moment. 
Mad props to BoE!  They finally got their act together.  Even in the last cycle, the council race results weren't known until the morning.  
If we hypothetically become New Columbia, what will be the two letter state code? NC is already taken.
Looks like we're becoming a state? What happens next?
Around here the trains don't work very well...
Probably not till after inauguration.  I think it'll be fun!  The camps will probs be full of doctors and engineers, so we'll get free healthcare and figure out cold fusion. And the food will be incredible.  We could all work together to invent some kind of Latin-Arab fusion food, like a shwarmarrito.  
If you are brown remember to stand on the right and walk on the left.
[deleted]
Maybe do something to actually improve the country instead
Well, they're not going to overturn the election results. So...
What is the objective? What outcome are you trying to achieve? This is just a whiny temper tantrum. 
What organizations are sponsoring this? I did see some union signs.
It would be in your benefit to put your energy into finding a job instead of using it to curate your hot opinions.
Protest yourselves for not turning out to vote.

Goddamn I HATE defending Trump on this (or anything else for that matter).  But damn We HAD our chance.  I went out, held my nose, and voted for Clinton.  Where the hell was everyone else?
Nah. Get a job man. 
Are the protests still going on? Any idea how late? Im an hour away but I'd like to join

Liberals are nothing but whiny babies, have been this entire election cycle. They acted so smug when the media kept gloating about Hillary's chances and mocking Trump. Now they're reduced once again to whining
Still going on?
There in 10
[deleted]
Does he respond to his name? We'll keep an eye out on walks
I went around 9am and got in at about 10:30. Long wait but everyone was in a good mood. 
> Abandoned vehicles will be removed within five business days from public space and 45 days from private property.

So basically, wait another week or so.
I'd call DPW.  I once had a car parked in front of my house for a year until I finally called.  It turned out that it had been towed to the spot somehow, the owner reported it stolen, got insurance, etc.  
Call 311 and get DPW on it. They usually will handle it within 24 hours, especially if you can make the case it is blocking ingress / egress.

Source: people love to park in front of my semi-invisible driveway and leave their cars for days.
Whoa whoa! If it don't, as you said, fit the criteria, why do a shitty thing like that?

Person can be an another place oblivious to tickets. like taking care of a family emergency.

Disrupting parking space? That is a new one. Let it go. If DC thinks it was a violation,  they would tow.
OOC, what neighborhood? I haven't checked on my car in a while.
[deleted]
By mail, any time over the last 6 weeks.
I voted the last day of early voting last week and it took ten minutes. My husband has currently been in line over 30. Should have listened to me. 
Either late morning or early/mid afternoon.  You essentially want to miss people stopping on their way to work, people trying to vote on their lunch break and people leaving work early to normal time to vote after work.
In DC: roommate voted early in the middle of the day on Friday, waited in line 1.5 hours. I got to my location at 6:50 this morning, ~70 people in line, waited maybe 25-30 min (didn't open until 7). But by the time the line was moving, it stretched back around the block. Seemed to be moving as efficiently as possible.
DC was tweeting least wait is typically mid-day
Early and often
Alexandria here. Took me about 15 minutes from getting in line at 6:00 am to walking out with an 'I voted' sticker.
Early.
The first day of early voting.
today
tl;dr but im assuming the article says "today."
Tried to vote Friday after work at Turkey Thicket. The line was over an hour and a half long, so I noped outta there. I went this morning to the polling place by my house, in and out in under 15 minutes!
Mid day... just voted at the reeves center.  In and out in 5min. 
Mid afternoon. 
I work from home today, so I'm going to my local polling place around lunch time. I don't think I'll be there long.
I'm in Montgomery and showed up at 6:45 this morning. Was out by 7:30. Probably could have gotten there a little earlier but overall a fine experience.
I moved to CO in May and automatic vote by mail is the best, especially because you can actually take your time to figure out the local races and obscure initiatives like school bonds and stuff.
In the Palisades. Went at 9am. Walked in. Voted. Walked out. Took all of 5 minutes
Was in and out in McLean, Virginia in less than 10 minutes, no line at all at 8:45
NE DC, walked in to my polling place around 7:35, was about 15th in line. Out in about 15 minutes. Easy as pie. 
10am in Frederick City, was one person in line ahead of me. Waited for all of 15 seconds :)
We went early but we live in a small town so there was no line. 
Rosslyn, VA here - went in at 8:00 AM, line was around the block, in and out in a little less than an hour.
Centreville, VA. Took about 45 minutes at 9:30 am. 
I'm too lazy to read the link, but from experience as a poll worker in past elections, mid-day is best, especially after lunch. 

Note that if you're there in the evening and there's a long line, stay in it! As long as you are in line before the polls close, they can't turn you away. 
I'm in the burbs in Fairfax. Just voted. No line, in and out. There was actually an Election Watcher at the polling location.
Voted in Arlington at 6am this morning and it was a roughly 40 minute wait. I walked by again on my way from lunch, and there was no line whatsoever. 
Ballston @ noon today - was in and out in 5 mins I think.
True to the premise of the article, I went at 3 and there were more people at the 2nd District Police Station for warrants and such than to vote.
Tomorrow morning, the earlier the better
Seriously?
Hug in? Safe space? What kind of shit is this?
Sounds like a good way to get groped and lose everything in your pockets.
Lol 
Nice knowing you all.

"May whatever god you believe in have mercy on your souls"
I'm still undecided. 
DC voters turn your ballot over for the statehood vote. No one told me to and I feel like a lot of people are going to miss it. 
First time voting in DC. Took about an hour - not too bad, but longer than I expected showing up at 7 am. The polling location only had one ballot-counting machine. Is this normal in DC precincts? 
[deleted]
Hey all, possibly dumb question here--I keep hearing from friends out of state about interest in getting tickets for the inauguration from their congressional reps. 

I had always assumed that the inauguration was just a huge public event that anyone could go to and the spot you'd find there would be based on how early you showed up (with an exception for all the VIPs seated on the dais obviously). Am I mistaken though? Is there some kind of "up close" section that you can only get into with tickets? 

If so, do I just call my rep's office (Norton in DC) and ask about whether I can get some after the election's over?
This may get buried, but I had a question about DC voting that I figured someone here might know the answer to.

When I voted this morning, I was asked for photo ID. I had registered this spring and voted in the Democratic primary successfully. At the time I showed proof of residency (a bank statement), as I hadn't when registering online. 

I was under the impression that because I had already voted in DC, I wouldn't need to show ID? Everything I've read online seems to suggest I shouldn't have needed it. Anyone know the laws regarding this?

EDIT: Thanks for the responses guys. 

Just to clarify, I did have my voter registration card. It was after I handed it over that she asked for photo ID.

I provided it, and it was able to vote just fine, so it wasn't a big deal.
What coverage will you be watching tonight? CNN? NBC? FOX? I wish that NPR was a TV channel and I could watch that. Is PBS going to be the next best thing? If that's the case, do you go with the WETA NewsHour coverage or the WHUT DemocracyNow! coverage?
The special ballot line at the Adams Morgan poll location is making me rethink democracy
Anyone headed up to Loudon County to vote? I'm in Arlington and my boyfriend and I's ride fell through so we don't have transportation to go vote
Am I the only one who thinks that the proposed statehood name is stupid?  I still voted yes, but it was a thought I had when I was filling out my ballot. 
Some polling location changes have taken people by surprise, [per DCist](http://dcist.com/2016/11/polling_place_changes_surprise_some.php).
My friends keep asking what I'm doing for the election.  Apparently my response of 'burying my head in the sand' isn't valid.
I can't imagine we'll get anything like the marches down U Street in 2008, but anybody have any plans to head to the White House or Trump Hotel or summat?
Such a big night for the country. Either we elect a narcisticic, ignorant, fraud, or an underhanded, entitled, above the law politician desperate for power. Great job America. 
We're delaying the hangover by keeping up the drinking.
[deleted]
>so any info on where we could be to participate would be great.

Participate in what? No, there are no protests, he was elected by the free democratic process. Would your question still be the same if there was celebratory groups? Which there are not. 

This isn't a crazy cult city. It's Wednesday, people have work just like everywhere else. 
There was something on Popville about a candlelight vigil outside the whitehouse, starting at 5. 
Theres a few people whipping themselves in front of the whitehouse
PROTEST THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE!!!
Correlation does not equal causation, my friend.

Arguably the "renaissance" began earlier in the 2000s and was inevitable. 
Going on before obama. During bush DC was growing too. Probably since mid-90s. 


Keep in mind that "Renaissance" started under W, possibly under Clinton, depending who you ask.  

And honestly, the president directly influences what, less than .1% of DC employment?  I can't imagine a policy a new president would pass that would greatly alter the status quo. 
If you have grown up in DC, it means very little. 
Depends where you work. 
>A lot of my friends who have been in the city

AKA people from Ohio who moved here in 2010. 
Business as usual in my experience
I think most people want to know when the system will be in "good condition". Because it seems like the plan is to cut service, increase fares, and ... continue that indefinitely. There is no "Metro will be in good condition on June 1, 2018 if we follow this plan." So the whole process seems futile. 

And at the simplest level, Metro riders want trains to come at a reasonable frequency and not be too packed to board. If you fix every rail in the Metro system to the highest quality, but I still can't board a train because it is packed, then who cares?
**Nandos**

> Show up at any Nando’s with a sticker on Tuesday, November 8, and we’ll let you pick any delicious regular side from our menu for free (with purchase of entrée). Since federal law prohibits rewarding people for their votes, we can’t tell you to show off your brand new “I voted” stickers at the door. Any lame sticker will do. (Thanks 18 U.S. Code § 597!)
[deleted]
As /u/geneticlyperfct mentioned, federal law prohibits offering any kind of enticement to vote (including those tied to an "i voted" sticker), but companies can give away items to anyone who asks as part of an election day promotion.
Kramerbooks is giving away free coozies to anyone with an I voted sticker.
**Sugar Shack**
> If you voted today, show us your "I Voted" sticker for a free house donut. #GoVote

https://www.facebook.com/SugarShackSouthArlington/photos/a.632281020277713.1073741828.625325244306624/789470594558754/?type=3
Fantom Comics in Dupont Circle is offering 20% discounts on everything today if you show your 'I Voted' sticker. 
The Partisan
709 D St NW, Washington, District of Columbia 20004

[Complimentary Cocktail on Election Day
](https://www.facebook.com/events/114197332392734/)

It's almost (and finally) here: Election Day. A day that ends what The Hill calls "the most important election in our lifetime" and what CNBC calls "the LEAST important election in our lifetime." 

You've gone to the polls, done you civic duty, and for that we want to reward you with a drink on the house.

We're offering two different complimenary cocktails, and all you have to bring is your "I Voted!" sticker or proof of voting. The fun starts at 11AM, since you may need a drink as the polls come in and the opinions go out. 

We'll have seconds ready, and each additional glass is $8

RIGGED RICKEY
(The Rickey being a native cocktail created in DC!)
London dry gin
Fresh lime juice
Ginger Beer/soda water

NASTEA WOMAN
Mint Tea infused white rum
fresh lime juice
Sparkling Mineral Water

We'll play election coverage all day on our two new TVs, and we'll have the audio running through our house speakers as the state results pour in.

Cheers, and GO VOTE.
Duke's in Woodley Park has $1 drinks with your sticker.
Nanny's has $2.70 Natty Boh.

Old City Market and Oven.
@ 522 K St. NE, 
Free coffee by showing voting sticker.


It's not much, but Glen's Garden Market offers $1 off your first beer.
You can get free stuff for having a  sticker, but not for having voted. http://dcist.com/2012/11/quick_reminder_you_cant_give_people.php
2016 Election Day Freebies http://www.brandeating.com/2016/11/2016-election-day-freebies.html
[The Jefferson, Washington, DC
](https://www.facebook.com/TheJeffersonDC/photos/a.416272342689.190795.297561032689/10154271528032690/?type=3)"We're all going to need them this week. Bring in your "I Voted" sticker on #electionday between 6-9pm & receive half price on any #cocktail made with Rock Town vodka or our Holy Grail mocktail in Quill at The Jefferson."
Just went to Shake Shack and got a free custard with my "I Voted" sticker.
[& Pizza](http://www.andpizza.com/)- keep it chill by eating your election night dinner at & Pizza. If you wear your I Voted sticker you get a free soda.

You know this is a sub for the people that live here, not national politics, right?
I gues the moral of the story is, if your government job gives you an email address for your government work, you should use it. 
No, what they did was bandwagon campaign for Hillary...
I've heard Bluejacket (http://bluejacketdc.com/) in SW is not bad for a tour. It's free but only offered Saturdays. I went there once for dinner and the food/vibes/service were awesome.
I don't think people are understanding what you're asking for. You're asking about one of those bus tours that takes you to a bunch of different breweries in a day?

Honestly, I would probably skip that if you actual care about beer. My interpretation is that those are really just buses for people who want to get drunk. The brewery stops are just an excuse to take the bus around to different places.

If what you really want is good/unique/rare beer, then set up shop at a solid beer bar like Churchkey. 
I'm not familiar with any of the guided tours like it seems you're asking about. What I would suggest is to just uber/lyft between your choice of the breweries on this map, http://greatergreaterwashington.org/post/33715/this-is-the-best-route-for-checking-out-dcs-breweries/

Assuming your parents don't uber/lyft wherever they are from, or haven't used it before and you can get them  to sign up, they'll get free rides and you'll get the referral rides. Free rides all day and drink at 3-4 places.

I really enjoyed the Port City tour. I went a few years back to review it for my beer blog, and enjoyed both the atmosphere and the content. It's worth a trip out there.

Shameless plug - http://vinesandleaves.blogspot.com/2014/10/field-trip-port-city-brewing-company.html
DC Brew Tours does offer a couple of packages where they pair you up with a guide/driver, and they do include food, tours and tastings, but it gets a little expensive.  We did the After Hours tour, which starts at 5pm, but we only got 4 stops as opposed to the 5 they offer with some other packages.  If you have your heart set on going to any one specific brewery, these tours aren't for you, as they change their schedule daily based on brewery availability. 

With that, DC Brau, Atlas and Public Option are all within about 2 miles of each other, and Hellbender and 3 Stars are only about 15 minutes further away. 
I'm a fan of the Denizens Brewing Company and Right Proper for their tours.  But for variety, I agree with the other posters that DC Brew Tours is the way to go.

Also, if you're dad is at all a spirits fan, I highly recommend the 1-8 Distillery tour.  
Not a brewery tour but.. you may want to try the [Heurich House](http://www.heurichhouse.org/) (aka the brewmasters castle) tour as well 
I work at Bluejacket and our tour is pretty neat, they run 3-5 each saturday on the hour starting at 11, with the last few being paid tours with a variety of beer tasters included. Also do a food/beer pairing tasting w/ tour on friday nights. 

I would suggest doing your own tour of 3-4 spots and since DC is a small city you should be able to uber around for roughly what you'd be paying for a tour, hit up the tasting rooms at 3 Stars, Hellbender, Atlas and DC Brau, maybe hit Right Proper Brookland so your dad can ogle the beautiful foeders, or the Brewpub if you want an awesome assortment of cheese.

Most of these places offer tours and have information about them on their websites.  
I still haven't made it out to Denizens or Port City, so I can't give you an opinion on them. 

Also Public Option, if your dad is a homebrewer he will totally be into whats going on there. 
Thanks everyone for your comments. Lots of great suggestions here! I'm trying to come up with some new ideas that will take us off the beaten path. 
Honestly, if he is a true craft beer fan ditch the DC options and drive 45 minutes north to Frederick and checkout Flying Dog.
In most other places in America the jobs that pay $80K in DC don't pay $80k...or often don't exist at all.  
If people could take their $80k DC job and move it to wherever they wanted, many would. That's not reality. 
Is this a paid advertisement for Cleveland?
If that's the case, then damn, I'd hate to play the New York and San Francisco levels without any cheat-codes.
DC is expensive but on the flip side it was [just ranked third for building wealth](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/local/wp/2016/10/25/d-c-is-expensive-but-its-also-a-good-city-for-building-wealth-study-shows/). 
Not everyone can discover uranium early on.
The thing is most places in america won't pay you dc salary for comparable job. DC is full of high paying jobs that are easy to get. This is not norm in america except nyc, sf, etc. They are even more expensive. 

Honestly dc is more of an easy mode if anything. Where else do college grads get 60k starting? 
Unfortunately, some jobs that exist in DC don't necessarily exist in cheaper places. Or are much rarer, at the very least.
Many of you are bringing up COL pay differential. Here is the fact: the difference in real estate cost between DC and a low COL area is MUCH more significant than the pay differential. 

A $100k job in DC may pay $85k-88k in a lower COL area, maybe higher. But a $1m home in DC will run around $500k or even less in some cases.

There was a recent Washington Post article about a small, fairly rundown rowhouse here downtown going for $600k. A comparable property where I am originally from would be $150k max due to size and condition.

For this reason I definitely agree with the general sentiment of OP, although there are plenty of benefits to living in or near DC that you can't really put a value on.
Not an economist, but we all live under economic principles.  Those who don't want to struggle or who focus on making more money (and have the skills/abilities/network/etc) stay.

Those who don't, leave.

Some have thought they struggled in DC in, say back in  '90s, and now find that they have net worth of $1M due to property ownership or business ownership or whatever. Others moved on...others struggle. It is the way it is. 
Where the fuck do you think this happens?  I'm from New York, and $80K would certainly not buy you any property of value.
DC is more expensive because it has a much higher standard of living than a typical American city.


It is one of the few big cities in the US with a functional public transit system.   Also, there is a lot to do in DC compared to most other cities, and DC doesn't solely cater to a 9-5 office crowd.
That is why I do not donate to charity.  The poor people in Africa that would benefit from my donation simply do not understand how hard the struggle is in DC. /s
Yes. All of the numerous available jobs that pay more than other areas. So hard.
oh no, not bad *at all...*

- 1-4 Supreme Court Justices
- seeking to forcibly remove Ruth Bader Ginsburg
- reversal of recognition of LGBT rights, and here with such a high concentration
- deportation of political dissidents
- seeking to imprison Hillary and finding ways for threats like Bernie and Elizabeth Warren
- increased power to people like Pence and evangelicals
- people like Guiliani and Chris Christie as the Attorney General
- nuclear war
- joint training exercises with Russia
- massive cuts to federal employee benefits
- federal pay wage freezes
- easier federal employee terminations
- forced retirement to avoid paying increased employee costs
- default on national debts
- drop in local property values with increase in rents as federal workers can no longer afford their homes due to the above but yet cannot leave the area.

We're chained and there's an economic and civil liberties firing squad in front of us.
He could get to appoint up to four Supreme Court justices. I'm scared for my ability to get an abortion. I'm scared for my right to marry someone of the same gender. I'm scared because so many women have accused him of being a rapist and he's going to trial in a month, and people still voted for him over a woman. He wants to deport my friends who've done more to make this country a better place than he ever has. He's supported by the KKK. He will have the support of a Republican congress. If he quits or is impeached, we get Pence, who has sent LGBT people to jail for asking for a marriage license and supports conversion therapy, which has incredibly high suicide rates. These men hate large parts of the American people. It's honestly fucking terrifying to anyone who's not a straight white man, including when you realize that means there are white women and gay men and some poc out there who are so full of hate for another demographic they voted for this too. I feel like I've just been told I am not welcome here, like my rights are going to be taken away very soon. This isn't being sad a Republican won, Trump is an extreme representation of bigotry and white supremacy.
But he will have much power in Congress because his party controls it.
GOP controls all three branches, he can easily wield his power the second he takes office. 
Of course someone who doesn't understand the difference between it's and its doesn't grasp the implications of a trump presidency. 
I'm hoping DC housing prices will somehow decrease/
This doesn't really have anything to do with DC...
What am I looking at/for?
I saw a dude on Shady Grove yesterday trimming nose and ear hair while driving.
OMG I know that exit like the back of my hand. It's not a difficult exit.

Also, I hope you got your VA registration renewed.
Lol this is nothing here, I have seen people u-turn on the EXIT ramp a few meters ahead and drive against traffic to merge into this section. More than once.

Here's the thing, I know this ramp very well (coughcough take it almost every day). When traffic is at its worst, people exiting the base are coming over from the far right lane, and usually that second-from-right lane is backed up BEYOND where the base traffic can merge into it. And we know how generous folks are about letting people merge. So people cut in out of desperation (although much like that big SUV, I wish people realized they could just keep going down the right lane and merge on later, after the treatment plant).

That being said... OP's mistake is being too far to the left if it bothers them that much. I will definitely ride slightly over the white stripes on the right to block people from doing this because some of them simply don't want to wait their turn. ;) You will see a few choice assholes duck out from the line to the right and then speed up to cut back in like the drivers here. 

The worst part of this commute is actually making the turn for the bridge... You either wait in line forever or nearly cause an accident cutting into an opening somewhere at the last minute and successfully piss off everyone around you. There are no winners on that ramp. The curve there is incredibly wide, they could alleviate so much traffic if they'd widen the exit to two lanes that merge together AFTER the exit, before the bridge (since that's where everyone miraculously starts to accelerate after inching along for 2 miles).
Could of made a gap for about 7 seconds and let him in. Idk though.
/r/nova
It's Tuesday?
Welcome to the city. We have crime here.
Once again, we will descend on the Taproom tonight.  8pm.  Help me train in your new QuizMaster!
Back this evening at Mad Fox.  8pm.  First and second prizes in the form of Mad Fox giftcards plus chances for free drinks throughout the evening!  Come quiz with us.
The lady and I like going to "Hot Spot" out in Fairfax.  It's all you can eat too with quality ingredients. 
Mala Tang is not bad, but it is in Clarendon (0.25 miles from the metro station).

Not too many options in DC unfortunately.
Uncle Liu's in Fairfax is my favorite. 

Has a great spicy broth.
Mala Tang in Arlington is probably the best metro accessible Chinese hotpot, although on the pricier side. I like Oegadgib for all you can eat hotpot in Annandale.
Prob nothing in the district but look out in Annandale.
[Great Wall Szechuan House](http://greatwallszechuanhouse.com/) will make it for you if you give them 24 hours notice, and is centrally located. [Panda Gourmet](https://www.yelp.com/biz/panda-gourmet-washington?q=hot%20pot) has it on their menu as well, though a little more out of the way if you don't have a car. 
Huong Viet at the Eden Center
hot spot- all you can eat, and it has individual pots which is nice so that you can control the spice level and ingredients. It's all you can eat with a flat price (they also have table size ones)

Uncle Liu- giant pot, pay per ingrediant, and very traditional 


Mala tang-  individual pots, pay per ingredient, and can get pricey
I've had expenses for clients that reach $600. Unless you are opposed to the idea of line holders, this makes some sense. 
I keep hearing about foreign investors squatting on or otherwise artificially driving up real estate and rental prices. I know next to nothing about the topic but I have a question: what's to stop a jurisdiction like DC from, say, tripling the real estate tax and then offering a discount to owner-occupied units?

It *seems* to be an easy way to discourage this kind of nonsense. 
Finally, a liveable minimum wage. 
Could someone explain to me why this is even a thing?  If demand is that high, why wouldnt they just raise the price of the units until they reach a supply/demand equilibrium?  This whole scenario just seems bizarre.
[deleted]
Shit, I'm jobless right now...where might one get on a list to become a line holder?
This isn't that big a deal.  People wait in line for phones and xboxes for days, yet a big expensive condo is crazy to wait for?
I walked past this scene this morning and was utterly confused. There were a bunch of people in folding chairs sitting in the cordoned off bike lane. There were also, what I assumed to be caterers as they were dressed in all black, handing out food to the people waiting. 

Seriously? Is this the state of DC real-estate? 
And I'm sure every unit was sold to foreign investors by 12:15. But remember kids, if you and your spouse are each working 40 hours per week and you can't afford a condo, it's not because of foreign investors (because that's racist) it's because you're lazy! You should work 50 hours a week!
Saw an update this morning on FB from an agent I know.  Seems way too 2005 for my comfort.
If I were in the position, I would do the same thing -- probably a lot more than $75/hr. 
So you get paid 75 dollars an hour to stand in line at 4 AM? 

Where can I sign up. 
This reminds me of the 80s when I used to camp outside Tysons for concert tickets.
At least they are building condos.  The number of neighborhoods that are still zoned for single family homes only is absurd.  DC needs to be way more dense.
I have heard a little bit about thsi app-based thing called Accint where basically you meet with a fluent speaker for whatever language and converse for an hour or so and you can practice real life interactions.  My friend is one of the tutors there and he says it is awesome for people in similar situations as yourself.  You should check it out


Edit: Link: https://accint.me/ 
There's a DC Language Exchange group, they host events every Sunday I believe https://www.facebook.com/groups/1507278476214244/
I walk by this place all the time: http://www.berlitz.us/washingtondc/

The public library likely has resources. They might have groups that meet to have Spanish conversations (check Meetup too), and they probably have subscriptions to online resources. And if they don't have what you're looking for one of the librarians can help you find it.
IDK maybe try one of the million language schools....
http://imgur.com/F4HKuVg

Much less colorful, but the National Cathedral neighborhood was beautiful this weekend.
I really like how not obnoxious that watermark is. Not sarcasm. 
From what vantage with this taken from?
Love dat sunrise gradient.
Do you know where the presidential candidates stand on the issue? 
Can you ask your fake colleague Paul Strauss to stop illegally parking on 16th street? It's shameful that he takes advantage of an imaginary office in such a way.
Hey, Senator! Why not just write a bill for Congressional approval that would address DC statehood? Why a referendum?
Would you support DC statehood and the two Democratic senators that come along if it meant agreeing to a compromise that involved, for example, upstate NY succession and the two Republican senators that would go with them? 
As a non-sitting/Shadow Senator, how much is your pay?
How would the legislative body of DC look like?
It is my understanding that you "tweet" but not "twerk" - why is that?
Here's what I don't really know/understand. So if the referendum passes (Which I assume it will be who can say) what does that mean? Is there a plan after that?
If I wanted to get (more) involved in the DC movement, what would you suggest that I do?
Why did you change your registered party affiliation?
Are you the DC senator who hosts a radio talk show?
So why doesn't DC follow the "Alaska Tennessee Plan" and actually pay its three-member statehood delegation?!
Do you ever organize or sponsor lobby days on Capitol Hill to visit elected officials from the 50 states?
Thoughts on jorts?
What happens if the referendum doesn't pass?
What will you do to make sure the rest of the old people you work with are ok with millennials and our weed?
How would you feel about DC opting for the same Status as Puerto Rico, with no federal tax and tax free bond authority?
While you seem to have been a committed and articulate advocate (thanks for that), do you ever send Michael A. Brown gift baskets to thank him for your initial election?
When you met our presidential candidates, could you see their tails under their flesh masks?

Were their eyes able to blink normally, or were there scales on their eyelids?
really should spell out that you're a shadow senator
Nope, not showing up.  

>The Board of Elections does not have a record matching the information you supplied.  

>Please review the following input data for errors.  

Also noticed the first and last name are switched after I clicked on search, so switched them in the input fields and still the same thing.


The Willard by the fireplace.
The Jefferson lobby has multiple rooms with couches and doors that close. They aren't in the immediate lobby when you walk in, but rather back and to the right, by the bar entrance if I remember correctly. Speaking of the bar, it is a great place to spend some time, with comfortable areas inside and a shaded patio outside. If you go at odd time, I assume you could chill in there with little interruption.
The renaissance in Chinatown is always my go to. They actually have a little library nook that's nice.
The Ritz in Georgetown is super cozy. 
I've never considered just hanging out in a nice hotel lobby and reading a book. This seems like a great idea...Do these places have food/drink available while you sit? 
Trump Hotel downtown
Head to Van Ness, Chevy Chase or the Palisades. There's always a lot of action around those neighborhoods and you'll be sure to find some drama.
The college campuses will probably be full of action.  
No, no....you got it all wrong. The kids shoot at each other at the Rec Center on non-voting nights. Wait until tomorrow evening when it's back to gunslinger tyme.




The idiots from Avaaz are like having some fucking prayer rally or something outside of the White House, or whatever. If you wanna go see some barely functioning human beings.
Fuck you, Jay. 
Next Steps. 

1. Mayor Needs to sign, seems she probably will/would

2. Congress gets 30 days to review.

3. Md Congressman Harris blocks it and nothing happens.

4. Md enacts legalization

5. Md sets up shops right across border from DC where Md stepped in to say they couldn't have it or it must be limited if they do
> Mayor Muriel Bowser also recently recommended doubling the amount that patients can buy from two to four ounces. 

Nice.
I cannot wait for this shit to be over
>Officials arrested 27-year-old Eric Roberts, of Florida, for defacing the FBI building. They also arrested 35-year-old Danny Hamilton, of Louisiana, for vandalizing the police car. Both men were also charged with resisting arrest.

They defaced a federal building which is a federal crime, but since it's DC they're probably out by now. 
Man, who do I hate more, dipshit vandals purporting to be activists because they wear Fawkes masks, or Donald Trump?

Oh wait, that's easy. It's Trump. 
Vandalism is so stupid. All it does is it ruins a minimum wage worker's day, because they have to remove it.
The tolerant left strikes again
No vandalism from the other side...this is true...just verified physical assaults on people who irritate them
If you're looking for the type of place where you show up, rent a bat and helmet, and put some tokens in a machine, then as far as I know there aren't any in DC proper.

The closest I know of is the [DC Dynasty Indoor training facility](http://dcdynastybaseball.org/new-page-1/), which is appointment-only. DC Dynasty is a baseball organization that runs several youth travel baseball teams; their facility is primarily for their teams' use but they also rent it out. I know that some high school teams hold some practices here. Their website says they offer cage rentals at $30/half-hour for a single player. 
There are batting cages at Friendship field by AU. 
There are some batting cages near RFK that are owned by Events DC (I think), but they do not have pitching machines and I have never seen anyone using them. I keep meaning to email them to try to get more info... and then keep getting lazy since I know I won't be practicing until springtime.
I've been looking for the same thing. Closest I found was up in Rockville, MD, or in Nova.
set up a pitching machine, use the open air stockade on the Navy Yard roof,
Unfortunately I can't help you, but I would encourage you to call her local Hillary campaign office!  They often have that kind of thing available or can connect you to someone who does.  
My voting place (VA) will bring a ballot to the car if there is a handicapped person in the car.  
Call a Hillary campaign office in MD. They will help you. 
Please reach out to one of these folks, surely they can provide some guidance! They are all located here in DC and will be happy to help.

The Arc's Voter Support Service - (202) 600-3485

Disability Rights DC – (202) 547-0198

National Council on Independent Living - (202) 207-0334

Disability Pride & Power - (202) 521-4310

American Association of People with Disabilities - (202) 521-4316

National Disability Rights Network - (202) 408-9514
No wheelchair, but many local churches are helping pick up elderly and disabled people to take them to their polling stations.  I bet if you made a few calls you'd find a nearby church that has a wheelchair she could borrow.
PM'ing you, just in case the organizations (which will likely be more convenient) don't work out.
>Willing to lend a wheelchair for the day so my grandma can vote ~~for Hillary~~?

All that's needed...
I would lend it if she were voting for Trump
I got to bowl at the White House last spring. I hate bowling, but man that was cool, and my kids had a ball.
Consider interviewing veterans for the [Library of Congress Veterans History Project.](http://www.loc.gov/vets) It's an oral history archive that preserves the memories and experiences of veterans and makes them available to researchers and the general public both online and via the American Folklife Center reading room at the Library of Congress.

It's super easy, all you have to do is sit down with a vet and record them talking about their military experience for at least 30 minutes, then fill out a couple of forms and send the recording to the Veterans History Project. Or since you're local, you can just drop it off at the VHP visitor center in the Library of Congress Madison Building.  

DAR, VA Voluntary Services, DAV, the American Legion, local VFW halls, and veterans retirement homes in the area are all great places to call and ask if they have any vets who would like to tell their story.  I guarantee you if you call the activities director at a vets nursing home like Vinson Hall they will be delighted to set you up with some vets to interview.  
Check out veterans nursing homes in the area - go have a chat, bring a game, whatever.
Kenilworth Aquatic Gardens has a volunteer event on Saturday. Deets: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/nov-12-celebrate-veterans-day-at-kenilworth-aquatic-gardens-registration-26545741026
It's not consignment, but Fia's Fabulous Finds in Petworth will buy your designer clothing from you for a flat price, up front.
Secondi in Dupont.
Current on 14th St.  They charge a percentage.
St Albans thrift shop
[deleted]
There's a Buffalo Exchange in Logan Circle, but they're picky about what they buy.
[Cross Roads](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=1&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=0ahUKEwiLlNn__pbQAhVC94MKHUcKAi0QFggdMAA&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcrossroadstrading.com%2F&usg=AFQjCNG6EGEHvyLFTEbMCehKAKEF1AftfQ). There's one on 14th and U. I've sold my clothing there before. They do trading (you choose 33% cash or 50% store credit) and consignment for higher end clothes. 
Clothes Encounters in eastern market  
[deleted]
The Wiehle metro station has a bike locker. You can metro to the station and ride your bike the rest of the way.
That is a nightmare of a commute without a car. Not just logistically but in terms of time. You're heavily relying on Metro and bus to get to work on time. Getting a car is the only logical explanation as far as I can see.
Let me provide my insight as I have about the same commute. I live in Adams Morgan and work about a half mile from the Whiele Reston East Metro.

My typical commute is as follows:

7:45 - Catch a 42/43/L2 down to farragut square from nearby my house

8:00-8:15 (depending on how terrible traffic is) - Go to farragut west station and hop on a silver line.

8:40-8:55 - Get off and walk to work

8:50-9:15 - Arrive at work

Total Time one way: 65-90 min

Obviously, the times will vary depending on how fucked the metro is, how bad traffic is (for the bus), and whether or not I wake up an hour later (when I start my commute around 8:45 you can use the later arrival estimates I mentioned above).

Ultimately, and I'm being completely serious about this, I genuinely don't mind the commute. But there's reason for this that may or may not apply to you, and so keep these in mind when you're trying to plan out your own commute.

1. Because I'm reverse commuting, I always get a seat on the metro. Even during its busiest days I can snag a seat and just chill till Reston.

2. I really enjoy having time to myself in the morning to kind of "wake up" before actually getting to work. 45 min on a train gives me plenty of time to drink my coffee and listen to podcasts/catch up on reddit or twitter. If you like to read, I see people reading all the time (regulars that I obviously share the same general commute with). You could bang out a book a week depending on how fast you read.

3. I really really love my job. I switched careers and got a job in software development with this position and haven't been happier. You'd be amazed how much a comfortable job alleviates the stress of commuting.

These 3 reasons above are what I tell people how I don't mind my commute when they're shocked at how long it takes (up to 90 minutes each way on bad days). There are definitely unavoidable cons: 

1. It costs me a little over 12 bucks a day to commute

2. When it rains/snows it sucks having to walk to and from the metro

3. The metro WILL have terrible days, and they will fuck up your day. I can work from home when the metro is imploding, but that may not be an option for you.

4. Working late blows, because the metro service slows down, so your commute gets that much longer

But ulitmately I'm not paying the cost of a car/parking and dealing with the stress of driving. To me my commute is much preferrable to driving and shaving off a half hour each way.

Feel free to ask me any questions. I just saw a lot of people in the thread saying how awful it will be, and they may be right, but there are people out there like me who truly don't mind the commute and are very happy with the decision.

Have you spoken to the job? My SO used to work in Reston and they had a shuttle that picked people up from the metro and drove them to the office building. Depending how large of a company it is, they may have something similar. Can't hurt to ask.
http://www.fairfaxcounty.gov/connector/pdf/schedule/507.pdf

Google maps/transit doesn't have the fairfax buses.   Use the WMATA trip planner or citymapper app.
Congrats on the new job!
It's in Reston. Yes, you need a car.
(This post ends up being an appeal to consider biking to work.)   
   

   I live in southwest, and have worked in Reston for about 5 years. Before silver line existed, I used to ride to West Falls Church and take a bus to Reston. Once silver opened, I would take it to Wiehle and walk the almost mile to work. Once safetrack started to ruin things, I decided to try biking to work again, after having not done it since I lived 5 miles from work. Now, unless it is raining or snowing, that is the only way I like to commute to work. I don't know where you live, but L'Enfant to Wiehle, roundtrip during peak hours, is almost $12 a day, and there are bike paths from DC all the way to Reston (and beyond).   
   
I am lucky to have showers and lockers at work, can store my bike inside (so I don't have to carry a lock), and only have to go in three days a week, so that might be the difference maker for a lot of people, but if you haven't considered biking, I'd suggest at least looking into it. If you take the train early enough, you might also be able to bring your bike on and skip a few stations, until you're better accustomed to a longer ride.   
   
It is all the cardio exercise I need for the week, it only takes about an extra 20 minutes each way for me, it saves me $12 a day on commuting, plus it theoretically saves me money I might spend on a gym membership instead, and it ends up saving me time, overall, since I don't have to carve out extra time to exercise.   
   
Cheers and good luck with whatever option you decide on.
I used to commute to Reston from DC, but my office wasn't too far a walk from the metro. It's a really long commute; usually took about an hour 15 min each way, when the metro was working properly (once during single tracking it took me over two hours to get home), and this was before SafeTrack started so it's probably even worse now. My coworkers who drove from DC got there much faster. With an additional bus transfer you may be better off just getting a car.
I'd move to Reston and bike to work, grabbing a bus when the weather goes really south or take that other dude's advice and bike to work.

Oh, and push for a very liberal teleworking policy if it's an option.
One option to consider in addition to biking to work or keeping a bike at Wiehle-Reston would be a folding bike. Folding bikes are allowed on Metro anytime, if they're folded, even during rush hour. It might even be faster to cycle from your home to the nearest silver line station, instead of transferring. Both [Bikes@Vienna](http://www.bikesatvienna.com) and [BicycleSpace](http://www.bicyclespacedc.com) carry folding bikes.
I think you can definitely get used to walking a mile. With the right gear, and some headphones, it's basically a few songs and you're there. I've commuted a lot longer than that on foot all year round and eventually it's no problem. It's also a very nice meditative period.
I just got a 2016 car with great financing... I'd buy a car. It's worth it.
That's a brutal commute without a car. You're going to be on the metro for over an hour each way, remember that first and foremost. 

Second, good for you if you want to walk, but like you said a mile in the rain is not gonna fly. 

If you don't want to move to Reston you should buy a cheap car that's been taken care of. Regular oil changes, basic tune up @ 70k miles, safety features work.

You're going to hate life if you metro to Reston everyday.
Try punishing them...
And these crimes being excused today will be major incidents when they grow up. Their parents have already failed them and their community. Start taking he kids away. If your 12 year old has a gun or is with people that do, you are an unfit parent. 
It should be noted violent crime in DC this year is down. 
You can register to vote at the polls tomorrow.
You could check meet-up. I'm sure they have groups that take trips 
I used to ski.

Then I moved here.
Intermediate skier here. Probably won't be doing any local trips but will be doing Colorado and Utah if you're interested in splitting lodging with me and likely one other guy.
I really like the blue knob resort in PA. It's about three hours away from DC but worth it. 
Hey same here! All the same except replace Skiing with Snowboarding. Would be dope to find a buddy with a car for day trips.
Intermediate snowboarder here , though I want to get better at skiing this year.

I didn't go at all last season but am trying to get up to the slopes more this year. I usually go to whitetail but go elsewhere when I can.

I have a car and am more than happy to drive if gas money is involved.  Lets revisit this when it's colder!
I usually make pretty frequent trips up to liberty (highly recommend getting the advantage pass), throughout the year. I have an SUV, and am always looking for people to ski with. Hit me up when it starts getting cold, maybe we can have a reddit ski/board group.
Janelle or Mikaela at Talio in Georgetown are amazing.
Q or Veronica at Parlour Salon cut my and my partner's wavy/curly hair. You can get a deva cut or not; I think Parlour does a great job and I've always found the customer service/attitude way better than the other main deva salon in town. 
I have the same kind of hair and I *love* Eastern Confederate in Mt Pleasant-been going there for almost three years now. Helped me through lengthening it, bangs, no bangs, shortening it, the whole nine yards. And the people who work there and own it are awesome.
Blondie's has a Groupon right now I think that I used a month ago. Raven did a great job on my VERY fine, thin, wavy hair.
I don't have that kind of hair, but I love Bang Salon. I go to the one on U Street and I'm sure if you ask who they can recommend they might be able to point you in the right direction.
I just don't see a way around this problem about stagnant development in poor areas. People don't want to build or invest in areas riddled with crime, and poor areas always seem to be riddled with crime. There's also no reason to set up shop in an area where people don't have money to spend. Reduce poverty > reduce crime > builders will come. 

The question is obviously how to reduce poverty. The cost of living in this area is ever-increasing and I predict that eventually these people are going to be driven away entirely unless it somehow stabilizes.

Also, every major city has this problem. There's always a poor area. 
I was just in Anacostia near the Fort Dupont area. You can see the beauty in the area but I didn't see one grocery store on my drive out there. However, as soon as you put a grocery store there it'll gentrify and the poorer residents will just be pushed out again.
I'm getting a 404 error from this link. Is anyone else having this problem or have a confirmed working one?
Is a poor resident someone who makes $100k? In DC, the answer is yes! I live east of the river and we have doctors, attorneys, small business owners, families of ALL races. Now we also have bus drivers, childcare workers, food prep workers and lots of residents under the age of 18. Compare that with an area like the Palisades near Georgetown where most people earn $300k+ and are over the age of 60. The problem is that  DC is just too expensive for an average person to live the American dream. East of the River is huge. The problem with development in DC is that it caters to millenials. Everyone doesn't want a dive bar, cupcake shop or pizzaria. I have a family and would prefer more big box items where I can purchase basics. I don't eat out much, so I'd prefer a small grocery store. The challenge is that DC residents (mostly black) are not trained to compete in the new knowledge economy. That will stall economic growth and create more poverty.
I'm going to guess a lot of DC residents are not very familiar with the neighborhoods EOTR. I was in the same boat when I started looking for a house to buy and noticed you can get a bargain if you make some compromises. The most important thing for me was a proximity to metro/highways, reasonable safety and price. I spent my weekends in a bunch of neighborhoods including east of H street, Congress Heights, Historic Anacostia and I settled on Historic Anacostia (Around Frederick Douglass' house). I spent a few weekends and nights walking around seeing if I'm comfortable and checking the commute, walk to metro etc and after I settled on the neighborhood I started looking for houses for sale. One of the biggest downsides was there were no good grocery stores close by (Most of the development @ Navy Yard including the Harris Teeter were not finished) so I was doing my groceries near my workplace... This was 3 years ago and now I'm seeing more and more young professionals buying houses in my neighborhood and my property has appreciated by 40% and I admit my neighborhood is not as fun as Dupont but a similar place in the more desirable neighborhoods would have cost me 2 to 3 times of what I paid for my house. 

Most of the nice neighborhoods in DC used to be not so nice 10 years ago. Some people took a risk in buying and other people followed and it gradually got better. The shops and groceries only come after there is a significant level of customer base that can sustain the business and not the other way around. If you want to own a home in DC you can either pay a premium to live where everyone else wants to live, get one of those micro units or bite the bullet and buy in neighborhoods where people are reluctant to buy, after doing your own analysis. The general trend is living in cities is more desirable and will get more expensive in the future. The question is are you willing to make a gamble on a neighborhood that is not there yet.

I didn't mention school zones as that doesn't affect me as of now but that will take a longer time to improve as it will need a significant change to even compare with the suburbs so I might need to rent my place and move to suburbia if that becomes an issue but that's at least another 5 years down the line.
What are the grey ones?
I'm willing to cede that many people in this subreddit (read: economists) will understand this issue much better than myself. But why wouldn't passing a law freezing property tax values/housing costs for longtime (5+ years) residents of Southeast not make development possible while limiting the negative effects of gentrification? I recognize that's akin to asking wealthier parts of the city to subsidize some of the development. Also, I'm sure school districts wouldn't improve much due to the lack of extra tax dollars. What would be other impacts of something like a tax freeze/why is this a terrible idea for reasons I'm not seeing?
There was a reported structure fire at 2910 S. Glebe Rd.,so 5 engines, two towers and a bit more equipment responded .. turned out to just be food on the stove.

I live near Clarendon and heard them, Metro was probably on fire or something dumb.  Maybe Al Qeada actually did that attack and blew up Sweetgreens.
TW Perry actually has stainless metric hardware (with the correct metric head, 10mm for an M6-1.0 and not 11 mm like lowes). I went in there on a whim, and was pleasantly surprised.

amazon industrial/scientific should have hardware you're looking for. They used to have a McMaster-Carr interface which was nice, but now I don't think that's the case.

https://www.amazon.com/industrial-scientific-supplies/b?ie=UTF8&node=16310091

I'll be keeping an eye on this thread too for suggestions as well. Mechanic supply stuff in this area seems to be lacking, or is just hidden well. 

I wish I could be more helpful, but have you gone into a smaller mechanic's shop and asked them? 
I work as a special ballot poll worker which deals with absentee ballots. **Voted absentee ballots must be received by Election Day.**

You have two options for voting:

Option 1 - If you have filled it out and sealed it up, you can drop it off at One Judicary Square by 8pm on 11/8.

You can also bring it to **any** precinct and drop it off in the special ballot box located near the Special Ballot clerk. No need to stand in line and you can even fill it out at the precinct. Must drop off by 8pm.


Option 2 - If you would rather vote by in-person (vs submitting the absentee in-person), you'll have to wait in line and fill out a Special Ballot envelope to cast your ballot. You can only do a paper ballot if you decide not to submit the absentee ballot. Must be in line by 8pm in order to vote.
Call the DCBOE and ask them.
[Greater Greater Washington](http://greatergreaterwashington.org/post/33910/our-endorsements-for-anc-in-ward-2/) goes into detail about their endorsements for ANC in Ward 2.
I think if you search on Google "my ballot," you can insert your address and it'll provide a ~~sample ballot~~ list of items that will be on your ballot for you. 
I've blogged some #DCision16 info: https://susiecambria.blogspot.com/2016/11/november-1-dcision16-update.html and https://susiecambria.blogspot.com/2016/10/dcision16-more-on-local-candidates.html (yes, both links link to the original sources, frowned upon, I know). And the WAMU voter guide: http://voterguide.wamu.org/build.do. Finally this (https://mikethemadbiologist.com/2016/11/07/2016-endorsements/) from Mike the Mad Biologist; he's also in Ward 2.
http://kboulevard.com/washington-d-c-2016-election/

voter ballot details for DC 
I hiked around RCP this weekend, and the leaves were just fabulous.
There's plenty of speculation in the comments section here-  http://www.popville.com/2016/10/whats-filming-at-14th-and-w-st-nw/

Guys - haven't you heard? It's not just a pedophile ring, but they're also making satanic child sacrifices there!  

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5b1fnh/oh_shit_i_didnt_think_id_find_something_comet/d9l3ifp

I have no idea whether or not this guy's serious (Poe's law and all), but the original conspiracy theory had 2000+ upvotes over on /r/the_donald, so who the hell knows anymore.
[deleted]
This is literally insane. No words. 
/r/The_donald is... ridiculous. Not that they give a shit. But what the hell is their purpose? Do they post anything positive about Trump? Or is it literally just all shit posting about Clinton and Clinton related people? 
https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/5bcz6p/comet_ping_ping_at_the_core_of_latest_altright/
lol what in gods name.... 

cannot wait for the_donald's meltdown tomorrow night.  Fucking Comet Ping Pong?  A "globalist sex ring?"  Jesus christ these fucking morons
I learned a long time ago that when something is patently absurd, it gets very little response.

But when there is a hint of truth, it has a different ring to it.

My, my... what have we here?
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.washingtoncitypaper.com/food/blog/20840980/alt-right-conspiracy-theorists-obsess-over-comet-ping-pong) reduced by 87%. (I'm a bot)
*****
> Creative Commons photo from Flickr user Jess JIn Chevy Chase, Comet Ping Pong is known for its pizzas, concerts, and ping pong tables.

> In what might be one of the strangest stories of the 2016 election, alt right Donald Trump supporters have become obsessed with a purported connection between the pizzeria and the Hillary Clinton campaign, with forum posters obsessing over everything from the restaurant&#039;s decor to its owners.

> For Comet owner James Alefantis, the conspiracy theories about his restaurant are just another symptom of 2016.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/5bhqi3/alt_right_conspiracy_theorists_obsess_over_comet/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.65, ~16145 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *keywords*: **restaurant**^#1 **Pizza**^#2 **Podesta**^#3 **Alefantis**^#4 **Clinton**^#5
I would love to see how these journalists would explain everything if a civil war was happening right outside their house then busted in. It'd just be "insane" and "another symptom of 2016". Their heads must be literally splitting trying to maintain their reality.
This article is correct in theorizing that having a cat doesn't always work.  My tabby is an excellent mouser, but is in the habit of catching them outside and bringing them inside to play with.  
For God's sakes, do not [give the mouse a cookie](http://www.scholastic.com/teachers/book/if-you-give-mouse-cookie). If you do it will make the whole process take much longer and you will regret it.

>Mice are prolific defecators and can take bathroom breaks up to 80 times a day, according to Chris Sexton, a service manager for Orkin Pest Control in Northern Virginia. “Every time they stop, they drop,” he says.

"Bathroom break"? That's an oddly polite way to say, "they'll cheerfully and literally take a shit in your cornflakes, and everywhere else."
Rodent Control Tips for Residents via DC Dept of Health  http://doh.dc.gov/page/rodent-control-tips-residents
4 unit dweller here......
1. get the copper mesh sort of like steel wool (steel wool) if you can't find copper mesh at home depot. 

2. long thin screw driver

3. expanding caulk comes in that red can with yellow top. (don't get the one with poison already in it) bad for dogs cats and kids. when we used it did not see a difference.

Take your copper and stuff it in all the holes you see.
Start at one end of your place and work your way around the baseboards any hole you see stuff the copper in it, don't forget your closets.

If you have radiators look around where the pipes go into the floor seal them up with copper mesh only no caulk (as the radiator heats) no fumes from the caulk.

Same for under the sink and behind the stove.

If you are a 4 unit dweller look inside the kitchen closet where the water pump is. lots of holes to patch up I guarantee. stuff the holes and use your expanding foam caulk after you have plugged the holes with copper mesh.

If you have a washer and dryer get behind it and look to fill any holes you see.

If you have holes around your windows copper mesh and foam caulk  them.

You should be good for the whole winter.
If you do see a mouse or rat inside best to try and find where it came from and seal that hole you missed with the copper and foam caulk.

Remember for any hole you are filling always put the copper or steel wool in first than caulk. 

Copper last longer than steel wool (steel wool rust) 

Don't rely on your landlord...they will do the bare minimum necessary but not fix the issue. Do it yourself and you know it is done right.  
At what point is a tenant liable for the extermination fees? Is it the landlord's determination whether the unit was kept in "safe and sanitary" condition?
> If a mouse or any other rodent doesn’t have food, they will move on

This this this.  I've had roommates who would rather burn the house down after a mouse moves in than just freakin' keep the kitchen clean and food stored in plastic containers.  Mice don't infest your house unless you give them a reward for doing so.
Dodge Chrome is great for film processing and printing. They have locations in DC (but way way out in the Palisades), Tysons, and Silver Spring. From what I understand, all of their film processing is done out of their Silver Spring location. C-41 (color negative) still takes a few days with them, especially if you're not dropping off and picking up at Silver Spring, but at least you're not handing your negatives over to some drug store chain technician who might scratch the hell out of your film. Dodge Chrome will even do E-6 slide film if you have 5 rolls at a time (I was told they ship out to another facility and 35mm E-6 only becomes economical if they can send a batch of at least 5 rolls). As film goes these days, their prices aren't bad and they do a great job of handling the negatives and scanning. District Camera (aka Embassy Camera) in Dupont Circle and Burke, VA is also an option, but I tried them once and was less impressed by their service. Dodge Chrome also has way more options for printing.
District Camera! I used to go to their Dupont location quite frequently but haven't checked out their new location yet.
Consign: Current.  Donate: Martha's outfitters.

Why not goodwill?
You can consign at Buffalo Exchange on 14th st
You could try Fillmore & 5th on Connecticut Ave in Dupont as well.
The Prince of Petworth, who lives in Cleveland Park, is having his anniversary party in Bloomingdale.
Others have suggested these before, but Old Ebbitt and The Hamilton near metro center are good options. Both are open Thanksgiving day. 
Check out Hill country.
I'm a total whore for The Capital Grille. So much so that I follow them on instagram. They posted a pic of their Thankgiving dinner that they will be serving. Looked joocy. 

Will be near to metro line, filling, delicious, and price is usually depenant on how many bottles of wine you end up ordering. So can range from modest to insanely expensive. 
I've heard Rasika is a good but non-traditional option. 
I actually emailed with Smoke and Barrel, they're doing a family style plating (Tom Hanks theme) that's $30 pp (plus tax/tip). There's 2 seatings - 3pm and 730pm. 
Lia's in Friendship Heights (or the other Chef Geoff locations) is doing Thanksgiving Dinner, three courses for $39/pp, or a la carte. The full menu is on their website too.
https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/search?q=thanksgiving+dinner&restrict_sr=on
Mintwood Place is doing a special thanksgiving dinner that sounds pretty good, but my recollection is that it fills up dast.
Fogo de Chao does Thanksgiving if you want something non-traditional and crazy filling.
Where did you end up deciding to go, OP?
DCUM is by far the worst acronym they could have picked.
My favorite part is the running argument about whether you're 'slumming' by staying at a Marriott.
Such a clear example of how everyone in the US considers themselves "middle class." Like this comment about a family making $650k yearly income...

>$650 will get you a nice new house on a small lot with a yard, your bills comfortably paid, nice vacations, and college, maybe private schools before that. Definitely UMC [upper middle class] around here. But wealthy? No.

edit: just saw the poster's later follow-up! lmao
>people making 50K in the DC area are not middle class. They are impoverished and in need of government aid.
Look, I'll be damned of Kaytelynn-Mayckenna has to interact with anyone who doesn't make over half a mil a year.  If she needs culture, she can talk to our totally-not-illegal housekeeper or maybe interact with the man who delivers our food at Chili's.
It's almost disgusting how out of touch some people in there are. [This one](http://www.dcurbanmom.com/jforum/posts/list/45/594918.page#9808320) actually made me mad. 
Ahhh I still remember [my reaction](https://media1.giphy.com/media/o8VXwSvuLXhM4/giphy.gif) when I first stumbled upon that forum many years ago.
It started with such good intentions and then the whole thing just went off the tracks...
Probably the most out of touch thread I've ever read [D:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TGPYBb2DRsg)
Still convinced that this is a parody.  It's like someone watched Stepford Wives and Eyes Wide Shut and then started making up message board posts.
Ah yes wait until you get asked on to your neighborhoods Listserv... A few years back Glover Park listserv had the best baby carriage competition... was fascinating to watch.
How did number 9 not know she was rich?


[Relevant](http://www.keepdcpretentious.com/)
19 page forum thread descending into madness? Oh boy! http://i.imgur.com/89HANHg.gif
Isn't this the site where school board candidate Ashley "Smarter With" Carter (or a volunteer associated with the same) [made an ass of herself](http://www.washingtoncitypaper.com/news/loose-lips/blog/20839300/state-board-of-ed-candidate-caught-in-turkey-neck-flap) for no reason like a week before the election?
I feel like I need to start an entirely new sub just to laugh at DCUM threads. You can't make up how insane these forums are. 

Check out [this one](http://www.dcurbanmom.com/jforum/posts/list/595766.page) about whether you should pay down debt or splurge on "Life's Pleasures".

Here's a quote:  "I wouldn't want to live if I couldn't vacation."
now we just need to find the entrances
Good thing this wasn't posted November 4th...
Metro is always a fine choice for any celebration. 
Talk to your financial guy for specifics, some of the eligibility criteria vary by office.

But generally speaking, a monthly payment is made to federal student loans currently in repayment (you can be in grad school and pay off undergrad). It's capped at $60,000 over the lifetime of your employment. 

Its considered taxable income so you will pay more in taxes than you may initially expect.
Benefits on the hill are NOT the same as agency benefits, so OPM links don't apply.  It's not that they will necessarily give that to you.  The office gets a maximum benefit per staffer, and that is allocated by the office - so staff with more seniority might get more, or they might distribute it equally among those staff interested.  They may also require you to work for a certain period of time before you're eligible.

In other words, maybe.  It's something to ask about during interviews, but don't count on it.
Don't forget to remember that millions who aren't lucky enough to get your job don't have this advantage. Make certain to look out for their interests, not forgetting they didn't get the same help as you.
Up to 10k/yr, taxed, paid in a lump sum that doesn't contribute to your minimum payments, and incurs a 3 year service obligation, if it's the same as my agency. 
I'm not totally positive on the House side, but for Senate employees this benefit is determined by each office individually, and is enforced/processed by disbursing and HR. The best person to ask about your eligibility and your office's service requirements would be your COS or AD. 
https://www.opm.gov/faqs/topic/payleave/?cid=3504d1bb-6043-4299-9366-6526fa1e4764 

Or Google 'OPM student loan repayment'. 

The gist is, you are required to do 3 years for $30,000 (pretax), or you pay the whole shebang back. You can then do 3 additional years for $10k each; if you leave during one of those three, you only have to repay the $10k for that year. 

Taxes are taken from the $10,000 before it is disbursed to your student loan provider. 

I'm assuming you're in the hiring process for an agency? If so, talk to an employee benefits person.
wtf, so you just get a 10k bonus per year for 6 years, in essence? I wish I got a 60k bonus just for holding a job. 
I assume you're referring to the electronic signs hanging above the highway that fluctuate speed constantly and are sometimes paired up with the boards offering advice about delays and accidents.

They were installed to help congestion during peak rush hours and maintain "safe" travel speeds during those times of heavy traffic to eliminate the rubber band effect of speed up/slow down. Unfortunately people will generally continue to drive how they want regardless so it doesn't have much of an effect. 

I have noticed that the signs are wildly inconsistent. I'll be on 66 at 5 in the morning and some of them will drop down to 40 in certain areas for seemingly no reason. It does tend to create some unnecessary backups because people aren't sure if they're supposed to treat them as an official speed limit sign or as a suggestion and end up slamming on their brakes.
Generally you have feeder traffic from the beltway to the outer suburbs mixed with horrid road design of the temporary lane restrictions. It seems to create more problems than it solves, and confuses the already confused Virginia drivers. 

270 in MD with the local-express setup seems to handle the the traffic volume better than I-66, except it's much wider as a result. 
Show me the [Waze](https://www.waze.com).
There is an automated traffic control system heading from DC twords VA on 66. It relies on camera predictions and also using EZpass RFID transponders which can sense traffic predictions and adjust speed to prevent bottle necks. They have this same system but without the signs around Tysons mall... and it never really worked that great because at sunset the cameras would have issues... so...
Do you mean the fact that it's a two-lane road and people in the left lane will drive 60 and be personally affronted when you try to pass them or flash them to move to the right?
Gallery Place Chinatown metro stop
I think they have reservable practice space at the Martin Luther King Jr public library 
There's a place right behind Dangerously Delicious Pie Shop on H St that rents out and incredibly reasonable.  It's more for full bands, I think, but they have speakers, mixers, and (I think) a drum kit available for use as well.  IIRC it was like $20-30/hour, but I could be way off. 

Edit: Couldn't find the name in my emails, we just called it pie shop.  This was a few years ago, too, now that I think about it.  I've had a lot to drink between now and then.  
I spoke with the AU Katz Center and it seemed like a possibility, but have never actually tried it.
This is a major issue in the DC area in general, and I am not sure there is an easy solution even with what people are putting forth here. It is the reason why the loss of Union Arts is a big deal, it was one of the few practice spaces in DC. 
I am pretty happy I own a house at this point for this reason. 
Don't know what the going rate for practice rooms are but Sitar Arts has practice rooms they rent $15/hour

http://www.sitarartscenter.org/facility/practice-room/
dangerously delicious pies has some cheapish recording space...


Sometimes vendors outside the west exit (by the Au Bon Pain) sell them. If not, Walgreens on the first (basement) level definitely has them.
Right outside near the metro station exit for Union Station on First St NE there is also the flower guy. He basically yells "Flowers, Make Somebody Happy!". It is pretty old-timey, but very sweet. He has been there for over 10 years.
I was there when Arrington De Dionyso painted those murals! Kinda cool to know I was present at a world-historical orgy of the elites. 
> Staffed by people you wouldn't normally think run a pizza restaurant

What the heck does that mean?
My girlfriend and I saw Marco Rubio eating here a couple months ago -- WHAT CAN THIS MEAN!?!?!?
Yes, a restaurant in DC with eclectic artwork is VERY suspicious. As is kids being in a pizza place that has ping pong tables... a setting that would normally scream adults-only!
Damn, this reads like like that episode of Always Sunny where Charlie "discovers" a mailroom conspiracy. All jokes aside... I think that subreddit may actually be feeding into some peoples' mental illnesses. Yikes. 
no offense to any paranoid, bigoted morons out there, but those with taste prefer to fuck children at two amys.
Comet has been the hangout for my group of high school friends ever since it opened. I can assure everyone that the only strange thing going on there is the fact that they are the only bar in DC that actually sells PBR at a reasonable price. ($2)

Out of all of the insane shit this election season this is the most ridiculous allegation yet. 
Crazy right wing conspiracies from from the alt-right. Like left wing folks own restaurants in a heavy liberal city like DC (or San Francisco, take your pick). Shocker. Next the conspiracy is going to target Busboys and Poets or Politics and Prose, or a the dozens of other DC restaurants owned by liberals, since pretty much 90%+ of the DC population is liberal. Just wait till these alt-right nutjobs discover Takoma Park. The tin foil hat crowd seems to be clueless that DC in many ways is the SF of the east in terms of the people who actually live here. 
ELI5
Here's a Washington City Paper on it:

http://www.washingtoncitypaper.com/food/young-hungry/blog/20840980/alt-right-conspiracy-theorists-obsess-over-comet-ping-pong

I kind of want to eat lunch there now.
My God ... I once took my kids there for a birthday party.
I have to say that Heavy Breathing video and their website are disturbing as fuck.
Oh for fucks sake, fuck Trump, fuck his supporters, and fuck these stupid fucking conspiracies. 

(I like Comet, ok)
This election can't be over soon enough.
Good thing r/the_donald hasn't discovered Dan's Cafe, then they'd really have something to talk about 
At least they aren't on to our secret group planning abortions for all that meet at Rocket Bar. 
WTF did  just read...
Holy shit I just read that Donald post. There is no way they believe that shit? Right? They honestly thing Comet Ping Pong is like Chuckecheese or something for kids only?

They've also gone full 1600s Crucible shit - screaming about fear of the occult and stuff.

Half of them make references to pol (the 4chan board), thought 4chan mostly hated religious wackjobs and spent half their time doing occult stuff for the irony of it (like the time that dude stole that skull). Now suddenly they are pearl clutching christians? Over a few pictures. 
Can someone write a synopsis of what the hell this is about?  I admit that I'm too lazy and busy taking care of kids to figure it out myself, but not too busy to write this comment.  
I live a block from Comet and have for 6 years. It's great. The pizza is slightly overpriced but it's good (and actually has got better - they've toned it down). They have good beer and is reasonably priced for the neighborhood.

They also had Colleen Green play there last summer and I geeked out. The weird punk and indie noise add a strange legitimacy to the neighborhood.
Always thought this place was kind kid unfriendly when we were rising our two in the area.

But this is the Trumpiest pile of Trump rubbish ever. 
...wat
Sasha Lord books some great shows just sayin
Good thing I Bacio is closest to me

>Guys, what if they are actually sacrificing kids!?!?
It actually sounds much more plausible.
There might be some pedo element to this, but if anything, I think it has more to do with sacrifice.
I know this sounds fucking insane, but think about it...
-many think Hillary is a satanist
-infowars has preached that people in high places transfuse the blood of children into their body
-you can't hide hundreds or thousands of sexually abused children and prevent them from coming forward... Unless they are killed.
I think the whole pedo ring thing is fucking nuts and I still have not seen DIFINITIVELY evidence to convince me... The weird thing is that there seems to be so many people involved... To me, it's more likely that they are satanists or something and actually kill the abducted children.
I know this sounds nuts, but please consider this. If you are only looking for pedo stuff, you will only find pedo stuff. If you consider what else they could be doing with these kids, you might find more...
Forgot to mention... "Spirit cooking" looked way satanic!
Didnt they just do a bust on another local pizza joint that was actually a front for pedophiles? 

And somehow they have affiliation with this pizza place?

[deleted]
It'll never happen because Pennsylvania Avenue is used for the inaugural parade - that's the reason the bike infrastructure is removable.
I Streetmixed the original PADC plan from 1974 - the one the Commission of Fine Arts "rescued" us from.

http://imgur.com/a/UXpZM
It's beautiful.  Why can't we priotize this type of transit.  Other barriers as a result of the  lefant plan limits overhead wires. 
I think I fixed it up for you.

http://streetmix.net/-/448578

I went to Capital Podiatry for Plantars Fasciitis. Treatments worked (mostly, Plantars is the worst), bedside manner was a little whacky.
Dr. Rome in Dupont Circle near the Teaism. He's a character I will never forget.
I had a double bunionectomy from Dr. Saed from Zarate podiatry, I met with him in Riverdale (lived in NE, worked at Goddard) and I believe they have a Takoma Park location too. Anyways not actually in the city but he did a great job and is a really nice guy.
Erin Robles! In Foggy Bottom.

Dr. Robles even spotted and referred what turned out to be a genetic neuromuscular thing that was causing my foot damage. She came to me with high praise, and lived up to it.
Sorry, My podiatrist was killed by an illegal alien...
never had a good one since.

Seriously.. 
I knew a moth who visited a podiatrist, but only because the light was on.
Dr. Polun

Has a location in Chevy Chase and Potomac.

http://www.mydamnfoothurts.com/

Dude has a stache straight out of 70s porn, but he's a great Dr. with a good bedside manner.
Francisco Lugo in Silver Spring.

http://www.footdoctorlugo.com/
Dr. Gerres has offices in Golden Triangle and Downtown Silver Spring. Super nice, and actually listens unlike a lot of doctors. http://gerresdpm.com
To be honest, the best way to leverage here is not your employee ID, but your healthcare. 

Try to find the girl at the bar who clearly has trouble reading the menu and casually - key here is super casual, make it seem accidental - drop your HMO card in front of her. When picking it up, you have to go for the self-deprecation tactic (chicks love this) of, "Oh man, what a klutz I am! Dropped my health care card with vision coverage and a low deductible here at the bar like a fool!"

Seriously, it's like cheat mode.
Don't do this.
Guess they aren't asking the old "are you a douchebag" question during OPM background checks anymore. 
I've never understood why some government employees seem to almost flaunt their government badges. It has your name and work place-- ample information to stalk you or even try to steal your identity.  

Thankfully, I don't see many people in the IC with this bad habit.  
oh my god
This... This is a joke, right? 
Just outside the Russian/Chinese Embassy?  Pretty good odds you'll get someone who wants to be best friends with you.
/r/sadcringe
This is more embarrassing than kids out of basic wearing there uniform to the mall. Just don't do this you only look bad. 
If by "get freaky" you mean "get roofied by the [SVR](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foreign_Intelligence_Service_(Russia) and your phone stolen" then yeah, you'll have great luck.
As a single woman in DC, I automatically discount anyone wearing any sort of ID outside of work. If I meet a guy wearing one I know right away he thinks he's more important than he is and therefore not worth my time. Please, don't do it. 
This is how you lose your clearance.
If I see you wearing it anywhere other than right outside an office building or absentmindedly on the metro, I will yank it (*the clasp the prevents your face from being pulled into the shredder will give way*) and I will run.
Frankly, the community would be better served if you chose a different day. Most people choose to volunteer on Thanksgiving - be bold and volunteer on a different day. How about Black Friday or Veterans Day?
You and everyone else. 

Didn't you see the episode on How I Met Your Mother about this? 

Call All Souls Church and see if they need a hand packing meals before the actual Thursday. Did that as a kid once. 
Echoing others here - I know the Meetup group used to help out [Food For All DC](http://www.foodforalldc.org/wp/) at least one Saturday a month. They provide shopping bags full of food to DC's homebound residents, and they need help pretty much every weekend. You can go help out on your own (no need to go with a group).

But seriously, think beyond Thanksgiving if you want to go volunteer somewhere.
Last year I volunteered at [Charlie's Place](http://charliesplacedc.org/) for Christmas and it was nice. We prepared meals and helped clean the kitchen. However, I'd follow /u/Bigmouthstrikesback's advice and try doing it on a regular day, when they really need people.
I received an email from Food and Friends earlier in the week searching for volunteers. My guess is the slots are taken. I've found volunteering in DC to be very difficult. There are usually ridiculous applications and background checks, and then all the slots get filled up quickly. It's competitive! Like others have said, that's going to be especially true around the holidays. 

I've enjoyed volunteering with Food and Friends, Martha's Table, and So Others Might Eat in the past. Those might be some good places to start. 
why not do [cranksgiving?](https://www.facebook.com/events/1240460506004032/)
Eh...they're not sending their besta
It's basically identical to Pizza Bolis. It's...ok. acceptable especially if you're drunk but not great, and this is coming from apparently the only person on /r/DC who thinks DC pizza isn't that bad.
The cultural norm of how people advance their careers in the political/advocacy/capitol hill world is based on the assumption that talented people will either A) get poached to work somewhere else that is willing to pay more or B) sacrifice their own well being because of their belief in the cause. If you fall into group A, you will get a raise when it is clear to your employer that they are at risk of losing you. If you fall into group B, your employer knows who you are and will spend their limited budget trying to retain people in group A. If you're not sure where you land, there's a chance you're in group C, which means you're not really as talented as you think you are and your employer has no incentive to pay additional money to retain you.
The corporate world invests in developing employees. The non-profit and political world has absolutely no concept of what that means, so they resist spending any additional money unless it becomes absolutely necessary.
Depends on your starting position. If you start as a staff assistant, I'd expect you're unlikely to get anything serious. If you're a press secretary to the Member and you help him/her through a tough situation, maybe. Since each office handles its operations differently, it's hard to say, but my advice would be to have at least one major accomplishment you can point to before asking for a raise.
i'd say 1 year unless you completed some amazing project or did some serious ass-saving
At least a year, unless you have done something extraordinary or taken on significant new duties.
Right away. Assert dominance.
About a week after you have a compromising pic of the Boss or Chief of Staff :-)
I believe offices (House) get their new MRA (office budget) sometime soon.  The increased amount of the MRA is usually the biggest factor on how high raises will be. As you probably now, the MRA hasn't increased much at all since the GOP took over in 2010. 
You negotiate your raise when you're applying for a new position.
I felt very patriotic voting early for 8 uncontested and/or meaningless contests. 
In 2012 I waited almost 4 hours to vote in Eastern Market. You're god damn right I'm voting early. 
I walked in to the southwest station last Sunday and there wasn't a wait at all. Super easy, super quick. 10/10 would vote again. 
If only the votes counted.....
I wrote in my cat for my ANC. 
That sucks that your tour got cancelled, at least now you have a cool story!
https://twitter.com/ABC/status/794978502621724674

Maybe?
Probably because it just opened.
It's never going to overtake the other museums in weekly visits because it's at maximum capacity...
It's a really cool museum and has so much stuff. I was lucky enough to get tickets from a friend who knew someone but I really want to go back once it's less crowded and really enjoy it 
I am surprised it isn't the first given it JUST opened
That's cool. I have yet to go there and see it for myself and I really dont wanna go there when its crowded for sure
That's awesome. Almost all the people in my circles got tickets in advance to go visit. Some people flew in from out of state to visit.
The fountain is my favorite part. Beautiful. 
Misleading headline. Should read "MPD safely and professionally respond to a collection of a few dozen dipshits in masks."
How the police managed to keep their composure like this is remarkable.  

Does anybody know what these two did to get arrested that the other people weren't doing?  
I would love some context. The police handled it well. 

I can't say if the arrest is wrong or not, but with all that shouting they're lucky one of the cops wasn't in a bad mood or it could have escalated further.

Among the many reasons this is beyond stupid are:

* Newsflash fuckwit: running a country of 300M takes some skilled labor.

* Most of the rich people (i.e. individual incomes over 150k) in the district are lawyers, lobbyists, or other private sector workers.

* Most of the people working for the federal government are not engaging in the kind of conspicuous consumption he discusses. They are highly educated hard working people paying off mountains of student debt with upper middle class incomes.

* Shaw Bijou charges way too much and will probably fail.

* The biggest nexus of selling political influence is among republicans.

Even if you take what he says at face value, if you compare the US to similarly advanced economies our federal labor bill is staggeringly low. Probably too low. And it has declined substantially over the years.

Entitlements (and to some extent defense spending) drive the deficit. And even within defense spending, it's not salaries, it's bullshit long term contracts to develop fighter jets that will never fly.
Oh yeah all those """wealth creators""" on Wall Street and Silicon Valley who 100% produce tangible benefits for the common good deserve all their riches. But those lousy GS13s at NIH, FDA, NASA, CDC, NOAA, DOD, VA, DOT, and on and on are all evil leeches conspiring to sponge off the American taxpayer so they can enjoy their opulent 1950s-era 3BR-1.5 bath ranch in Springfield, VA. 

Fuck those guys!
the author is the same guy responsible for this empathetic piece of work:

>The truth about these dysfunctional, downscale communities is that they deserve to die. Economically, they are negative assets. Morally, they are indefensible. The white American under-class is in thrall to a vicious, selfish culture whose main products are misery and used heroin needles. Donald Trump’s speeches make them feel good. So does OxyContin. What they need isn’t analgesics, literal or political. They need real opportunity, which means that they need real change, which means that they need U-Haul. If you want to live, get out of Garbutt.
I'm sure it has nothing to do with having the highest percentage of residents with graduate degrees of any city in the nation. It's just these damn leeches stealing our stuff and causing all the things wrong in my life.
While I appreciate the subtle switch from talking about "median salaries" to "average salaries" to support his argument (while also discussing apples and oranges)...

What I dislike the most is that it's not government employees that are usually making that level of income that he's disgusted by: it's government contractors. And the reason why they're so prevalent is that every administration that comes in and says "we're cutting government employees" just adds that many more to a contract. 
These arguments are so dumb. Sure, cut federal salaries in half, and then...nothing changes. The problem isn't the workers, the problems are the policies that our elected officials put into place.

Maybe, instead of looking at well-paying government jobs as a problem, look at corporate jobs and wonder why they don't pay more? At a time when profits are at historical highs, their stocks trade at all time highs, dividends are paid at high levels to shareholders, and cash-on-hand are at highs. Don't wonder why government pays it's workers well, wonder why nobody else does. 

If you want to get into the worth of having these workers and the policies they work for, why single out the worth of government? Is Wall Street and their high paying salaries really contributing to the economy? They're gambling. Do the insanely overvalued companies in Silicon Valley really warrant those crazy salaries they pay? The old trope conservatives like to tell about the glorious private sector verses the worthless public sector is becoming less and less supported by reality. 
I went. He was good.  Also, his eyebrows are a vestment unto themselves. 
I saw this happen. I am visiting family in DC right now and we walking down Pennsylvania past the White House when we saw a big group of people congregated outside the White House but still inside the fence (turns out it was a tour group that got evacuated out). Then we saw like five Secret Service guys run across the street and tackle him at the corner of Madison and Pennsylvania Ave. We got out of there pretty quick (my mom was freaking out) but it definitely looked like he was struggling pretty hard.
President Barack Obama was not at the White House at the time. He was in Maryland, playing golf at Andrews Air Force Base.

Lol... Classic B
And yet bus lanes are still somehow unattainable. 
I was skeptical but actually reading the study brings up some good arguments.

1. It would be a very fast connection. Currently you have to take metro to rosslyn and either walk or wait for a bus. These run pretty much continuously so there's almost no transfer penalty. 

2. Then you cut out of all the traffic/weird roads/and sudden elevation changes all in one go. 
I remember when Arlington county commissioned this study and everybody shit themselves.  Good times.
Finally.

It's about time we have a proper transit connection to Georgetown.
I'm not a huge fan of the idea. It would be out of place in an area like Georgetown.
reset the counter
How about if metro can't afford to run public transit in the poorest parts of the city, we not spend money helping one of the richest parts of the city avoid a short walk. 
This is so stupid. 

Real solution: bus-only lanes on M Street and over Key Bridge. 
This is one of the worst ideas in city planning I've seen in recent memory, and we have lots of cities trying to bring back streetcars, so that's saying something.
Did the former mayor of Partridge, Minnesota come up with this? It will be Ice Town all over again, folks! 

Seriously though, it's not bad to walk, I cross the bridge to walk daily. I'd be concerned seeing how the gondolas would operate in the winter though in extreme cold, and possibly being stranded.
How long has this ridiculous proposal been around? I remember reading about it years ago. My thought is that if you thought that the streetcar was a boondoggle, this will be ten times worse.
The georgetown stop was fought tooth and nail by the residents and gladly given to Arlington.

Virginia square.
This is more about home rule to me than anything else. I do not want congress to have veto power over DC's budget or local laws. So this is about statehood, and state sovereignty of DC above all else.
Mostly because Congress can't keep it's fucking nose out of the city's affairs and we shouldn't get to be a political football used in budget negotiations in Congress.
Also don't live in the District, so who cares, but I just want to see DC stop getting shafted. John McCongressman from Bumfuck Nowhere should not have the ability to influence and overturn things that DC voters support.

I also want the District to be able to implement a commuter tax since more than 60% of it workforce lives out of state and roughly 50% of its property is untaxable.

I really don't care what name they pick and find it baffling how many people are hung up on that.
Full representation in Congress, budget and other legislative autonomy. I care more about those things than being "a state," but that seems like the most direct route so I support statehood.
I'd rather have no representation than live in a state with the wack names people keep coming up with. 
[deleted]
Nellies. 
R/nflstreams
Parlay in Dupont is the Cowboys bar, though it isn't really "cool."
Damn, I missed both the first and second posts. I'll see if I can make the next one, I could prove some help. 
I'm here with a reddit sign: white t-shirt with black lettering!
arnt all churches non demon churches?
My wife and I have been to a number of churches in the hill area.  We currently go to the [Church of the Resurrection](http://rezchurch.org/) and we really enjoy the community and teaching there.  The church meets at 801 North Carolina Ave SE on Sundays at 5pm.  I can also second [National Community Church](http://theaterchurch.com/location/barracksrow) , I went there for a few years and it is also a very good church.  Their location in the hill area is on Barracks Row on 8th Street SE, and they have several services there on Sundays, and one on Saturday nights.  Other churches in the area that come highly recommended from close friends are [Grace DC](http://www.gracedc.net/downtown/) and [The District Church](http://www.districtchurch.org/) .  If you have any more specific questions, feel free to PM me.
https://theaterchurch.com try this one, it's right in town and fairly young
Check out Calvary Baptist in Chinatown. I've been a few times and really enjoyed it. Baptist is in the name but I don't think they're associated with a larger Baptist group. They had a tansgender pastor for a short time and are fine with gay marriage.
I have personally attended [NCC](https://theaterchurch.com/) (Theater Church location), [The District Church](http://www.districtchurch.org/) at the NE location, and now attend  [Redemption Hill] (http://www.redemptionhilldc.org/). 

My very brief, honest thoughts about each are as follows:

NCC: Preaching was a mile wide and an inch deep. The "cool" church in DC, but teaching was very shallow. I attended two different small groups (decent amount to chose from) but was unable to make any meaningful connections; typical DC, but disappointing in a church.

District Church: The Columbia Heights location is probably better and is where their main pastor preaches; it was too far for me. The NE location is new and much smaller, and the preaching wasn't quite as good. The "small" group I attended was too big to really connect with anyone and was 90% couples (didn't quite fit, as a single person), but they were all nice and welcoming.

Redemption Hill: I LOVE the preaching here; easily understandable does not equal simple. The pastor is a great communicator, and obviously preaching is his gift. I haven't started attending a small group here (this week actually), but I will say that it's very hard to get to know people just by coming to Sunday service.

Hope that helps! Feel free to PM me if you have any specific questions. 
I went to a non denominational church on 8th & Eye once that was pretty great. I can't remember the name and I'm on mobile but it was in an old theater. It might be called the Old Theater Church, which would certainly be a reasonable name. 
How'd you do that?
The cloud pattern is gorgeous.  God, I took trips to DC all the time with my mom when I was a wee lad, and we'd get Vace's or McD's at Air & Space and tour the museums.  This throws my nostalgia into high gear.
I have similar memories. They were simple - my only thing to do that day was not get lost from the group. 
nice shot
Weird looking chem trails
Mailed mine Tuesday, confirmed Friday. DCBOEE is super slow though. It might not be counted till election night.
The DC Board of Elections is notoriously slow.  As long as it's in the mail, it'll show up I think.  It could also be that they don't count the absentee ballots unless a race is in question, but that's just supposition.  
Can anyone recommend a brunch spot where they have bottomless I don't give a shits? Thank you.
I'm the guy who programs the automatic paper towel dispenser to give as little paper as possible.  And I make 6 figures.
Oh thank god. I thought this was going to be another "complain about conversation" thread
Drive into DC a lot to date people and spend money on booze. 
Where are you from?  Because like, OMG, no one in the DC area is like actually from here!
this needs a *quality shit post* flair
Oh, do you know Sidney there?  He's junior VP of not giving a shit, Happy Friday.
What do you spend at least 1/3rd of your daily life doing (and probably another 1/8th commuting to)?

Just kidding, human connection is for dweebs. Happy 6th day of the week.
I post on reddit at work, obv.
Anybody have a go-to dry cleaning place that can get human blood out of linen? Do they have bulk discounts? 
Most of the time, I try to be helpful on the reddits.  However, as a side job, I attempt to initiate hostile conversation between unrelated parties on the internet.  It pays quite well in tax-free lulz.

Also, happy Freitag. 
Chief S&M arranger for the GOP
Listen to Bolt Thrower.
I was asked this twice by the SAME person at a party. Do better, man.
And where do you live? No no, I don't want the actual neighborhood, just tell me what metro stop is closest to you even if it's not close enough to be relevant.
I reddit all day.
I can tell you what I don't do: ride Metro. 
Professional sexual furry.
Well I'm super important and you should care.
I asked a guy I knew back in law school but hadn't seen for a while, "so what have you been up to since school?" And he responded "well, that's a clever way to ask the what do I do question." Actually no, I didn't mean it that way, dick! Not my fault you don't like your job.
Fuck you, too, OP.  :)

Edit: the smile is because that's how we say it in Texan.
This is my favorite thread ever
Shoot the hostage.
shitpost friday
I can't upvote this enough 
I usually go with a "So what did you do today?" to get a feel for someone's routine. If they choose to tell me about their work, then I can follow up. 
The best thing about participating in Artomatic is that "What do you do" means "What sort of art do you produce?"
Anyone that's lived in DC will usually have a "time that a person rejected my license" story. Mine is an Indiana State Trooper who insisted my plates were temp tags(??) and DC couldn't have its own plates and licenses because "people don't live there."
My favorite was when a bartender in California told me that she needed to see my passport because the District of Columbia is in Canada.
Cashier: "you're from Columbia ?"
Me: The District of Columbia..DC...
Where do all these people think the nation's capital is?
Very odd to read all these stories. I travel to LA all the time for work and literally never had any of these problems people are talking about with the new license. 
You can't fix stupid. 
Can all US licensing authorities add USA to the license? On international travel it's always funny to anyone I meet that the license has no mention of the country. Would sort out a lot of things.
This thread is hilarious.  Now I want to move to D.C. to experience this.    

It was bad enough when I lived in New Mexico.   Several times I met people that were amazed at my level of English or why I wasn't wearing cowboy boots.  I'M NOT FROM MEXICO MA'AM!

> Her office suspects there’s been greater confusion over the licenses since they were recently changed and say District of Columbia instead of Washington, D.C.

There's the solution folks. That's how you fix this.
This would be solved if they added a notice to the back with something along the lines of: "District of Columbia licenses are valid forms of personal identification which can be used for age verification when purchasing age restricted items such as alcohol and/or tobacco within the United States."
Had a New Hampshire cop pull me over once and the whole thing was just enough to let me off with a warning. I think he just didn't know how to handle the situation without, you know, taking me in.
This is less a story about DC residents rights being infringed upon, and more about people who run concessions at a football stadium being stupid enough to think DC is part of Maryland. They sell booze at sporting events for a reason folks, and it's not because they're geniuses.
I don't have an answer to your question but I watched someone struggle to park that tiny thing in a space big enough for two normal size cars today. It was hilarious. 
Do you have Bikeshare? One of the member deals is to waive the $40 sign up fee. If not it's really easy to find deals to get free sign up and free minutes at sign up, especially at the various neighborhood party events. 

Anyhow, as long as you don't pay for the sign up, yes, it's worth just having, because there's no membership fees, you only pay when you use it. And yes, it's cheaper than Uber or Lyft for quick 10-15 minute trips. 
Was a heavy Car2Go user for the last two years. Spent about $150 a month between my partner and I. But they've upped their prices twice now and Lyft has dropped theirs with their ride sharing service Lyft Line. Will still use Car2Go occasionally, especially if I need to get my dogs somewhere, but I find myself counting every second I'm in it because costs add up quick.
I like it if I'm doing a bunch of errands. If I'm using it for close to an hour and make several stops its definitely cheaper than several Ubers.
The hourly price isn't too bad. At the moment, it's $10. I use it when I have multiple stops to make. For example, I might uber to work for $6, but if I am buying bagels for the team, I'll get a Car2Go, stop at Bullfrog, then head to the office. I'm not going to make a stop in an Uber. They don't get paid enough for that.

I've also taken advantage of their $50 max rate a few times and used one for the entire day. It's not quite as cheap as renting a car at DCA, but they're usually nearby instead of requiring a trip to pick up and drop off. 

Zipcar, Maven, etc are more expensive on a per-day basis.  Since Car2Go doesn't have to be dropped off at the pickup location, sometimes the per hour rate is cheaper too, because there's no need to calculate in a return trip.
Worth to have if you can get a discount on the signup fee, especially since membership works in all NA cities that have a fleet. I don't use it often but it is a good option to have. Between bikeshare, Metro, Lyft,  and car2go, you'll have plenty of options to get around.
Im a little surprised how many people see car2go as interchangeable with Uber/lyft. I see them as two different use cases. Uber/lyft is normally my last resort when other options won't work OR when I'm dressed up nice for going out or important meeting OR too drunk to deal with other modes. 

For me it basically goes like this:

1 bike share
2 metro (rail or bus)
3 car2go
4 zip car
5 taxi
6 Uber/lyft

Either way car2go is totes worth it. I've used it spontaneously so many times, just last night I metroed to Pentagon City with gf and we wound up going on an unexpected shopping spree. Way too much to drag on to the train but there was a car2go right there on 12th street waiting for us. Several times I've grabbed one when out and it started raining randomly. I've also used it a few times when bailing on metro during fires etc. 

No, uber pool is same price or less and you don't have to find a car or a parking spot.
i signed up for free when there was some promotion.  havent used it yet.

i imagine its best for if you want to carry things that would be a pain in an uber.  or like, if you had to take a pet to the vet or something.
Does anyone know how the prices compare to renting a car* or zipcar for a full day trip? I don't really need to use a car to get around the city, but I love taking day trips out to Shenendoah.

*should be noted I'm under 26, so it's more expensive
I think you're making an apples vs. oranges comparison. Taxi services like Uber and Lyft don't involve hardware that you are responsible for, and Car2Go does, since you have to pick up and return the car.
Honestly, I base it on a) what parking is like around my destination and b) how much time I have. 

If I know I won't have time to look for parking, I'll take an uber/lyft. For example, usually if I car2go to work, I can get there and park pretty quickly. I work near Constitution Hall, however, so if I car2go in and it turns out they've blocked off parking for a concert, I usually end up tacking on another 20 minutes looking for parking in the area, and those minutes add up.  On the bright side, the newer cars actually have a little display that shows your rental time, so I can watch my money tick away...
Fire and Water have both failed in destroying the metro permanently so far, so Earth is giving it a try. No announcements on Air yet.
I saw the deer this morning running on the track
I thought the infrastructure was supposed to be secure?
I love how it took over an hour to get the damn thing off the tracks.
Assume deer dead
#WMATAWolf.
Okay, Marge, no deer for a month.
Probably wouldn't be deer around if there wasn't such a huge gap in trains....
The owners are likely going to go ballistic over this, but this was the logical outcome of their $1,000 dinner concept. No doubt, they intentionally set the price point for dinner + wine for two at $1,000 specifically because that figure would generate eye-popping headlines and buzz. But if you live by that shocking cost, you'll die by it. It sounds like the critic enjoyed his meal, but no restaurant reviewer will ever be able to critique this place through any lens other than "was it worth $1,000?" And even a magnificent meal rarely is.
Seems like a pretty fair review honestly.  I just don't see what elevates this place above the other fine dining in DC to justify such a hefty pricetag.
Ouch. That last line stings 
As a fellow Nigerian, props to the chef, Kwame Onwuachi, for opening his first restaurant. Congrats to him.


However, as a Nigerian, they must be out of their damn minds for charging that much for a meal.
I don't know the restaurant business, but I wonder if this place really needs to blow everyone's f'ing socks off in order to make money.  Reservations are taken a month in advance and the kitchen knows exactly what it's serving every night, so presumably food waste/spoilage is at a minimum.  Also, with capacity capped at 28, they don't need to create *that* much demand.

Obviously, someone with money took a big risk here, but I'd like to think it wasn't a total gamble on an unproven chef.  Then again, I watched workers tear apart what's left of Rogue 24 this morning, so maybe I'm giving fancy restaurant investors too much credit.
> Dinner at the Shaw Bijou feels more like extended hors d’oeuvres.

For $2000 for 4 people this is NOT the impression you want to leave. Even if it's super frou-frou customers need to at least be full when they leave the place.
And getting the bacon on your cheeseburger is still $2 extra.
I had given this restaurant 18 months before it folded. But if this less than stellar review is any indication, they might be lucky to make it a year. They'll get six months just for being a curiosity. But they'll exhaust their customer base pretty fast without repeat diners. 
Yikes.
So.... 1 star?
I plan to open a restaurant that charges a flat $2000 for the Chef's Tasting Menu, tax and tip included.

True, I've never run a restaurant before, but I *did* once think about applying to be on "The Next Food Network Star" competition.

What could possibly go wrong?
http://www.containerstore.com/locations/showStore.htm?store=WDC
If boxes without logos are required, i assume you are using them for some purpose other than basic moving/storage? 

If so, every cardboard box has a stamp on the bottom with the manufacturer listed. Try contacting them and ordering direct. 
I mean, they're really possible any day of the year. 
Oooh Al Qaeda, how...retro
But how will they get past the metro?
NY, TX and VA named specifically. 

Hold on to your butts everyone. 
FBI: Look, terrorism! Nothing else to see here. 
Well, if Al Qaeda actually attacked Monday I guess we can say "hello Trump".

>Earlier this week, an alert warned local police of “polling places” being seen as “attractive targets” for “lone wolf”-type attacks by individuals motivated by violent extremist ideologies, sovereign citizen or other extremist activity.

I like how they put this in as just a little aside at the end.  "oh btw, look out for right wing nuts trying to shoot up polling places".
I feel like the source is Russia.
As long as he does it off peak. Just because he leaves office, doesn't mean he loses secret service. It's probably going to just cause additional headaches with his entourage anywhere near peak hours. 

Off-Peak: Have at it, Mr. President.
On-Peak: Oh, god, no.
There's zero chance he will take the metro even after he becomes a private citizen. 

It would take him hours just to get from Dupont Circle to Navy Yard to catch a game. He'd be mobbed for pictures and autographs every step of the way. 
Olympus Has Fallen 3: Metro's on Fire
I can't imagine what a shitshow it would be to have the Secret Service clearing a whole Metro car every time the president wants to get stuck in a tunnel reading about a track fire on Reddit.
Doubtful; this is more a less a cheeky comment on the state of things than it is confirmation Obama will actually regularly ride public transportation. Hell, his new house isn't even really near a metro station. He might hop on the Metro a couple times just for the novelty of it or for appearances sake, but I entirely doubt he has plans to ride it anywhere near regularly.
Bullshit.

If you've worked with senior government leadership you know that most of them view themselves as above riding the metro. There's an incredible level of entitlement the further up you go, and most of these people are important in their own minds, not others. They certainly are not anywhere near the level of the president.

To look for precedent, how many members of Congress ride the metro into work? 
Imagine swinging by and picking him up with uberPool. That would be pretty cool. 
Yah that's not happening.. the Secret Service doesn't let ex-Presidents drive by themselves, let alone use public transportation.
I hope he curse  helluva out of it and blame himself for not force changing it to something great again
I call bullshit. If you have the means to avoid Metro, you shouldn't use it. If I could afford Uber every day (or parking) then I would never ride the Metro. Ever.
Hope this is just a temporary/restructuring thing, their beer is pretty good.
It's a shame but not entirely unexpected. Hellbender made fine beer, it was just very conventional. The market is crowded now - breweries can't skate by on the standard saison, IPA, brown ale, porter tap list anymore. There needs to be a creative identity to anchor a brewery and Hellbender just didn't have it.
Personally, I find DC's beer scene ... underwhelming(?)

That said, some amazing things happening in the suburbs. Aslin in Herndon, for example, is on their way to becoming something more than just a local brewery.
They can't all survive.

The market is incredibly oversaturated, and Hellbender was one of the less impressive breweries in the area. They brew fine beer and all... but fine beer isn't enough. 

Best of luck to them, though!
In some good news, the new Midlands beer garden seems to *really* like Hellbender: http://midlandsdc.com/menu
Where can a person actually try some of their beer without heading up to Ft. Totten? I don't know that I've ever seen their stuff on tap anywhere I've gone, and their website is quite out of date (e.g. they say you can get it at Sona and Molly Malone's in Capitol Hill. Sona went out of business in April. Molly Malone's recently changed owners and names, and I don't recall seeing any Hellbender on their beer menu when their last Sunday. Likewise, Senart's changed it's name and the Chesapeake Room has been closed for renovations for a while. Net result, their page is quite inaccurate regarding every single place in Eastern Market).
A lot of the NE breweries are kind of a pain in the ass to get to if you're in the center of the city or NOVA, especially if you want to do other things on a given night. I get that they need space and can't shack up in the middle of Dupont, but it sure would be nice to get the warehouse-brewery experience somewhere relatively close by. Bluejacket and Right Proper are fine and all, but I'd prefer a Port City/Hellbender or Bardo type of place right off a more centrally-located metro stop.
> "Hellbender took this action to address ongoing problems with its distributor and to restructure its current financial obligations."

A distribution issue = nobody's buying our beer.
It's almost exactly a 60 mile bike ride on the c&o canal towpath to Harper's ferry West Virginia.
Sky Meadows State Park is just about 60 miles away. Rolling hills and good night skies. 
http://www.virginia.org/listings/OutdoorsAndSports/SkyMeadowsStatePark/
Thanks for the help guys! Harpers Ferry looks beautiful. If we take the red line to the end, it's a 41 mile ride from there. I'm thinking we're gonna do that. Plus, having bikes on the metro on a Saturday at 9am shouldn't be an issue, yeah? 

Appreciate the help.
Greenbelt National Park is only a few miles from the metro and has some very unique campgrounds. You can hear the beltway from them.
Greenbelt National Park! Heck you can take Metro most of the way there and bike the last short bit. $16/night. https://www.nps.gov/gree/index.htm
tent camping in MD (putting in search options):

http://reservations.dnr.state.md.us/campgroundSearch.do

but i agree with the others on the C&O trip; you're on a non-motorized vehicle path.  these other parks you'd be out riding on the road somewhere.
Pohick Bay in Virginia is around 27 miles from Dupont according to Google. Never camped there myself but my friends say it's a great spot to get of town, throw a tent down, and relax if you don't have time or ability for a full trip into the mountains or anywhere else further away.
You can camp as close in to DC as Lake Fairfax, and for that you could metro out to Reston and just bike 4 miles from there. Or Metro down to Springfield on Blue/yellow line and bike 10 miles over to Burke Lake campgrounds. Both are on this link below and pretty sure the closest simplest things to get to without a car.  However I can't vouch for the facilities at either. I did camp at Lake Fairfax once but don't remember it that well.

http://www.fairfaxcounty.gov/parks/wp-campgrounds.htm
Mapletree!!! Cabins treehouses or campsites plus short trip to Antietam where you can catch the AT to Harper's Ferry and it's in the woods where the filmed Blair Witch Project. 


Edit: 70 miles :/
A close option is  [Turkey Run Park](https://www.nps.gov/gwmp/planyourvisit/turkeyrun.htm) off GW Parkway and accessible by bike trails.  I don't see any info about camping, but I have seen people camp there.
I asked for some help and you guys delivered way more than I ever thought. I really appreciate it all, thank you!
OP is moving to Fairfax
Where are you going and can I come 
There's no train system in DC either. 
Exactly what I'm doing. Godspeed my friend, and good luck!
I moved to LA last summer and trust me, you will never unsub from here!  Every post about the Metro (and other things) reinforces my decision to get the hell out.  
As soon as I get a job writing in entertainment I too will go smoke weed out West. ...I should probably start writing some day...
I moved to Haiti... The daily garbage fires in the roads and burning tire road blockades are still better than metro
Good luck!
Goodbye. 

I've thought of making that trip to the West coast too. But I could never do it. This to me is home and I can't leave. 

So good luck out there man.
That's why I'm still here.  I mean, I may move back there eventually, but I'm here now for the drama.
still subbed, reporting in from [america's wang](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zlkn9cHWxY)
Yeah, I did the same too. Maryland is my home (downtown Silver Spring) but I did all my schooling in DC so I am forever connected. Even though I live in Seattle now, I stay subscribed to this sub. 
Wow who gives a shit  
  
> farewell internet strangers whom I rarely interacted with and still can because I'll have internet where I'm going! 
   
If you want to tell people you're moving put something on your facebook feed, don't make an announcement to a bunch of random internet people jesus christ. 
Don't sweat it - [you can register and vote on Election Day](https://www.dcboee.org/faq/voter_reg.asp#4) in the event something is screwed up. Just make sure to bring the appropriate materials. 
i did my form online and then sent it via email. If I'm not mistaken, you should have received a voter registration card and informational booklet in the mail a couple weeks ago. 

edit: you can check your registration status here: https://www.dcboee.org/voter_info/reg_status/
If you have voted here before just print out the form, sign it and bring it to the polls. If you haven't voted in DC before make sure you have valid id proving D.C. Residency on you. 
I'm interning in DC for the semester, have been here for the past 2 months. Was planning on voting absentee in Massachusetts, but my absentee ballot never arrived. Now I'm hoping to be able to register/vote in DC on election day.

I have my lease for my DC apartment - is that good enough for proof of residency? The internship is unpaid so I don't have a paycheck. Utilities are included in my rent so I don't have a utility bill either. Let me know if anyone has any information/advice that might be helpful. Would really appreciate it!
RFK Stadium...

Lots of room and some ramps to go down to the old Barney Circle
Do you offer lessons? I'd like to learn as well. 
Go to the Belle Haven neighborhood of Alexandria. Do it late at night as not to piss off other drivers.

Agree with /u/eat_me_dc: parking lots don't have inclines typically.
Rockville Municipal Swim Center, Martins Lane, Rockville, MD. Large lot, with an incline, usually quite in the evenings. Check and make sure there isn't a swim meet or a baseball game. Good luck! No gas until they get the feel for it! 
I'm almost tempted to suggest a parking garage, tons of inclines. But..
Hechinger Mall. 
Dude. Have you ever seen a parking lot with an incline? The whole point of a parking lot is that it's flat.
Fairly certain they are on the roof of the Chamber of Commerce. It's not accessible to the public. 
CNN's DC office is near Union Station, but I don't think they do tours. If you're aching to see some TV press, many reporters do their standups outside the White House on the west side of the lawn.

So if you're standing in front of the White House looking at it from Pennsylvania, they'd be towards the right. I don't know if CNN specifically does this.
If you want to see tv shows filming, there's a studio in the Newseum - I believe the schedule is on the website.
As someone else mentioned, CNN's DC offices are near Union Station. You can't see the White House from there, and I'm pretty sure they don't offer public tours. (If you're ever in Atlanta, though, the CNN headquarters tour is definitely worth it.)

CNN and lots of the other networks have temporary outdoor spots with the White House in the background. There isn't really much to see--it's pretty much just a good quality camera and some lights under a semi-permanent pop-up canopy.  It's not a real "studio," and these aren't open to the public, but you can spot them from Lafayette Park if you know where you're looking. 

The ground-level live shot locations are mostly in an area just inside the White House fence called "Pebble Beach" http://www.the-visitor-center.com/pages/white-house-pebble-beach/index.htm If you're standing at the Rochambault Statue in Lafayette Park looking towards the White House, it's more-or-less in front of you, maybe 40 feet inside the WH fence.

If you're standing with with your back to the north side of the White House, look across Lafayette Park. You'll notice some more pop-up tents on the rooftops of the buildings facing the White House. These are more locations that TV networks can rent out to get a shot with the White House in the background.

The corner outside Johnny's Half Shell is also a pretty good place to spot a shoot (good view of the Capitol dome), but there's nothing even semi-permanent there. The trucks are in and out in under an hour, usually.

Every once in a while, a major news network will temporarily set up a more full-featured outdoor studio in DC. I know MSNBC did for the first Obama inauguration, and someone (I think CBS) just had one for the grand opening of the African American Museum. Unfortunately for you, I don't think anyone is planning that for the election, but I'm not 100% on that.
NBC and a few others do their filiming just north of the capitol right where N. Capitol Street ends in front of where Johnny's Half Shell used to be. Probably not going to be here this weekend -- congress is out campaigning.
Unfortunately there are no outdoor/accessible studio sets unless there's a big event going on on the mall (inauguration, huge concert, fourth of july, etc). If you stand in the middle of Lafayette Square you may be able to look up and see their live shot on top of the Chamber of Commerce - the White House shot you described. 
NPR, right nearby, does daily tours :) sign up online. 😇
Here's the L-3/Vyvx map of DC,  the locations near the federal buildings are where reporters set up 

http://www.level3videocloud.com/map/


If you've got some kind of connection it's possible to see "pebble beach" (the shot with the white house in the back, it's actually shot from the white house lawn) as well as the press-related parts of the west wing, but I don't know beyond that. I only got to see it because I was absurdly lucky and had a connection at cnn who happened to be working there while I was going to be in town. Even then I had to be pre approved weeks ahead of time. 
I don't know of any outdoor studios, but some of the news outlets have windows overlooking the Capitol. You see random news crews filming all over the place.

Voice of America gives tours of their studio if you're interested in a studio tour.
Aldi on 17th has a bunch of full sized - I was there this afternoon. They are in the aisle by the frozen foods for some reason
Walmart in Fort Totten has large pumpkins for sale. 
Harris Teeter on Kalorama Road still had a big box full of bigger pumpkins as of last night.
If you want a couple I'll give you them for free. A local farm near me was giving them away after Halloween before they got ground up for pig food. I brought 25 home for the horses and chickens. The chickens are slowly pecking away at each pumpkin I give them, the horses were not impressed. So yeah I have a big pile of perfectly good pumpkins and I'll be happy to give you up to 5 of them if you want. Located in Tracys Landing MD
[deleted]
I think the Walmart on H Street NW is still selling little ones. 
In the time spent posting this and waiting around for responses, you could have easily just picked up the phone and called every supermarket in the city. 
Absolutely not Jared Putnam in Chevy Chase.
[It's hard, my friend. ](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2016/09/02/the-troubling-reason-why-its-so-hard-to-find-a-psychiatrist-in-the-united-states/) It'll be easiest to call your insurance company and see who they have in their network.
I need one too! I am already on medication, but having moved here over a year ago my old doctor isn't willing to re-prescribe without an in-person session. Just need someone willing to renew my prescription for what I'm already on
Brian Doyle near Dupont Circle is great. Unfortunately, he doesn't take insurance and is pretty expensive; however if you are a student or kind of in a similar situation, he may be willing to lower the rate.
If it's medication management you're looking for, I highly recommend Lorraine Carleo at (202) 244-0535. She's a nurse practitioner but is better than any MD I've ever seen. She will spend a solid 45 minutes to an hour your first visit. She doesn't accept insurance.
>Leonsis also spoke about his business challenges — including a mortgage on Verizon Center that costs him an estimated $36 million annually, which he called “the worst building deal in professional sports” — and acknowledged the possibilities, among them a potential move, that will open up once that mortgage is paid off in seven years.

> His “free agent” comment aside, Leonsis made it clear he is not actively seeking to leave downtown D.C., an area that has grown up around the franchises into a thriving, inner-city entertainment and shopping district. But neither would Leonsis commit to keeping the teams there.

> “In terms of the Verizon Center, I’m being sincere: There’s been no discussions of would we look to move,” he said. “Have we talked to Virginia? We have not. Have we talked to Maryland? We have not. I would never do that. My goal would be stay where we are or stay within the city.”

That's from the WaPo article cited.  Unless my reading comprehension is off, Leonsis seems entirely reasonable.  The ~~clickbait~~ deadspin author seems tilted.
fuck deadspin
Everyone who I have met who knows Ted personally starts off with "He's a nice guy but..."

This is usually how you start a sentence about a co-worker who is friendly but sucks at their job and you want to soften the blow to whomever is listening. 

Never forget that George McPhee was his GM for 15 years. A guy who peaked his first season in the league. 
The district just gave him [$32 million](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/digger/wp/2015/09/14/bowser-leonsis-reach-deal-for-wizards-practice-facility-at-st-elizabeths/) for a practice facility for the Wizards too.
Remember when people saw Leonsis as the "good" owner of a sports team in DC because he didn't threaten people like Snyder? I 'member!

I know Pollin was seen as a good guy because he brought a title ('78 Bullets) to DC and built his own arena twice but he wasn't all that great of an owner. Besides being an asshat, Leonsis's complaints all go back to Pollin not negotiating good rates when he was still around. Then there was the onerous rent deal Leonsis endured when Pollin was around which could be considered to be a form of hazing.

The ownership of sports in this town going back decades has been abysmal and that Leonsis was seen as a breath of fresh air shows how low the bar was set.
But we suck
> Makes me feel welcome and included

We must be slipping then. This is /r/washingtondc after all.
We are terrible, terrible people. Just look at most topics: 

"hey, I have $300 and am looking for a 3 bedroom apartment around Logan Circle". 

"I'm from Ohio and will be visiting DC for 3 hours, and I don't know how the internet works so tell me what to do at your mall". 

"I'm looking for a job in the non-profit independent journalism field focusing on Indonesia, can you hire me?"
what do you mean "you people"
[deleted]
same, i moved here two months ago, and this subreddit has given me more usable info to get acclimated to the city than any other resource
[deleted]
You should join a social sports league or two. DC Bocce is a lot of fun and full of wonderful people, we also love new comers. Come join us at the W on Wednesday nights!
Welcome to DC!
Come to the Happy Hour tomorrow, you can make some semi-IRL friends. 

I'm considering coming for the first time, so you will know there will be at least one other antisocial loser there too! 
Awwh. :) Glad to hear it. 
Just don't ask for a tailor recommendation and you'll be alright.
Really? The people of this subreddit usually just remind me how fucking pretentious DC people are.
We are a city of transients. It takes really pushing yourself to build a network of friends and people here. Reddit definitely sometimes helps and other times... well, you know. :)

Glad it's helping ya!
Applied for the first time ever. I got 4 tickets
I got some seated tix! Never won anything so feels pretty, pretty good.
I have applied six years running...

..and I have been denied six years running. 
I got standing room tickets one year. Decided it wasn't worth standing in the cold for hours and hours so I didn't go. 
I got some in the lottery this year, second year trying. Anyone have any insight from attending previous years?
It went to my spam. Denied!
I got tickets a few years ago. Line was many many blocks long. Skipped to the front like a true asshole and saved hours. Was OK, probably wouldn't bother going a second time unless I skipped the line again. 
I snagged 5 tickets in the lottery.
I found the key is to use a email address with cache'

Since using it I have gotten tickets in two lotteries.

I was wondering too, logged in and discovered I was denied. :( They can't send an email, though?
Where's the website to look it up? I went back to the website I signed up but I can't seem to find a login spot to look it up. Guessing it's a "if you don't here from us, you didn't get it" kinda thing.
I won tickets one year and went, but I don't really think it's worth going.
I won two standing room tickets.  I'll probably go, although I got spoiled the first year I was here by getting seated VIP tickets (through a friend who worked for the secret service), and every year since it has not seemed that great.  Oh well, it's a fun DC tradition, regardless
I got 5 tickets for standing room. It's the first time I have submitted an entry, so surprised. I have lost on tickets for Easter Egg Roll consistently for years so maybe this was my lucky year for something.
Go to the Capitol Christmas Tree lighting. It is free and open to the public.  
I entered for the first time and got 5 standing room tickets. 
Living at 14th and W and heard the shots. Police are driving down the street checking it out 
Yuuuuuup. Just heard em. 

Is everyone ok? We saw some kids booking down 15th on a bikes, but it could have been unrelated. 
i was in the park & i heard it

They were booking on bikes because someone is shooting at people. 
Didn't hear anything on the 16th St side. Been chilling here with windows open.
I'm at 16th and U across the street from the Starbucks and I heard 5-6 shots in rapid succession. I heard some sirens afterwards. Popville also heard it.
i wish shotspotter had a live feed.
At 16 and V and heard them, for a second my husband and I thought we were back in Chicago. Anyone got more info?
Heard it from around New Hampshire and Swann. Thought (hoped?) it was too rapid for gunfire, but I guess I was wrong.
Drove by 15 + Florida last night around 1030 and there were police, taped off area and yellow numbers on the ground... Not sure of any casualties
probably yes. 
There's a gunshot or two every couples of nights around the malcom x park and Columbia heights area. There must be some kind of audio barrier protecting the ears of the people on the other side of 16th street. 
TL/DR: He did not like it. (Expensive, pleasant; did I mention expensive? BTW: we all left hungry...)  
- ouch!
Well, they would probably be dead by now. 
Do any of the structures in Barry Farm date from that original project? I haven't spent much time there, but nothing looked nearly that old.
This boggles my mind...Barry Farms should have been demolished years ago. As \u\mrs-machino state, its not like they're redeveloping it into luxury condos, they are replacing 1:1, and doing everything possible to minimize displacement and work with neighborhood groups like ONE DC. Instead we have other groups and movements (occupy barry farms, et al.), who are characterizing this as a racial inequity issue. 

Some of them have lived there for decades, and its what they know, but preventing the redevelopment of arguably the most dangerous area of DC to provide better facilities to the people who need it, is selfish. At the end of the day, its not the 50yo woman pictured in the article who suffers from this lack of progress, its the kid who has to walk all the way out of his neighborhood to catch a Metro bus because its [too dangerous for metro to drive through](http://wamu.org/news/15/08/26/metro_ends_bus_detour_prompted_by_shooting_in_southeast_dc_neighborhood), or has to grow up fearing for his life because of [collateral gun violence](http://wtop.com/dc/2016/09/dc-police-identify-2-killed-in-shooting-that-wounded-7/).

I know as someone completely removed from this situation and in a completely different socio-economic class, its easy for me to pontificate on reddit, and make sweeping statements about redevelopment and social reform. We all know that no redevelopment will be perfect, some people will be displaced and it won't be rainbows and flowers for everyone currently living there, but it boils down to the simple fact. There is a choice, inconvenience current residence for the betterment of much of the current generation and for generations to come, or stall the progress and continue to compound the problem until the area is ultimately condemned, and screw everyone. 
I'm pretty sure I know which HUD program they're using to do this redevelopment, and there are really strict rules about replacing units 1:1 and allowing current residents the first right to return to the new units.  

I understand it makes people nervous and it's not fun to temporarily relocate, but this is a really great way to replace aging housing with a new development that is higher density and mixed income.  Hopefully the tenant advocates will help folks get correct information and calm some fears.
Dupont Circle, the circle itself is a solid place to sit and wait for the scene to open up in front of you. 
Candid urban shots eh? Can't beat Starburst Intersection Plaza.
5th st NE between T and Rhode Island might be interesting to you.  Lots of industrial/semi-abandoned buildings around there:  https://goo.gl/maps/D4wTkQ27iZp


I assume you've already done the national mall and museums as well? That's always fun. How about the botanical gardens and the arboretum? Or the basilica in ne? Or the multicolor church turned art space in se? Or the Maine ave fish market.
Union Market and surrounding area 
near Mt Vernon there is a few abandoned buildings but few people. You could also try the Navy Yard
Will you pay us 3%? This is what a realtor is for!
Why not run a Redfin search will all of these parameters and see what comes up? You're also going to be more specific about condo fees. "Insane" is pretty meaningless. 

My guess is that with those requirements, it's going to be pretty slim pickings, especially if #5 is non-negotiable. 
Hill East is "up-and-coming," but condos don't have the same resale prospects as a house.  If I was looking at condos, I'd be looking at "what is the 'now-est' neighborhood I can afford?' 
Welcome to the land of basements and old condos. My wife and I started looking in that price range, but eventually decided we had to increase our budget some to not end up with either a tiny house nowhere near the metro, a basement condo, or a condo that hadn't been touched since it was built.

You might have some success near H Street. The further you go from a metro stop, the cheaper you'll find things to be.
[deleted]
Check out 1380 Quincy St. NW on the border of 16th Street Heights / Petworth / Columbia Heights.

https://www.redfin.com/DC/Washington/1380-Quincy-St-NW-20011/unit-3E/home/108273125

https://www.redfin.com/DC/Washington/1380-Quincy-St-NW-20011/unit-2C/home/104535481
I'd check out Petworth/North Columbia Heights. Also, get a realtor dude. They'll set up an automated system that sends you all the new condos in your search parameters every day. 

Most of the other sites (e.g. Zillow) have out of date or bad information.
Bought into a coop in SW last year and love it. There are a lot of older buildings, like ours, but also tons of new things going in at the Waterfront.

We love the neighborhood and can't wait for things to start opening. Feels like a good time to buy down here.

Edit: we have a 750 2b/2ba. I don't know if you can find 1k square feet for that price, but our space feels super spacious and comfortable. 
Have you check Silver Spring?
Yeah we're all gathering to blow up the British embassy at 19:30GMT
We are douchebags. We are legion. 
No.  We don't do this.

Anonymous and V ruined any chance of the "penny for the Guy" thing spreading any further.  
expect us, or don't if you forget because I did
You are either going to get a bunch of sarcastic answers or none at all. 

But really, this exact thing happened to me traveling to Tokyo. I gave the broken suitcase to housekeeping to toss in their dumpster. I'm sure where you're staying would do the same for you. 

Do us all a favor, and don't leave it in a street trash can. The last thing anyone needs is for MDP to close down several city blocks because someone called in a suspicious suitcase left in a trashcan near the White House.
If the suitcase will still close and lock, do this.  Put something in it with any weight at all, can even be twigs and leaves, some old newspapers, a handful of dead chipmunks, doesn't matter.  Next, lock it.  Lastly, put it on your front step for five minutes unattended.  Someone will steal it.  

How is this even a question? Explain your situation to someone at your hotel and ask if they can throw it in their dumpster. 
So our host said that we can leave the suitcase here. So problem solved! Thanks for the help!
Go to 15 and L nw and proceed to find construction dumpster and use it. 
did it break because it's old or was it broken/damaged by the airline?

if it was broken/damaged by the airline, you can complain and they will replace it.

Now to get rid of the bag, if you buy a suitcase from a store, just ask the store if you can use their dumpster. 
Have you tried a trashcan?
I bet if you brought the old one to the store they'd take it off your hands.
[deleted]
This took five years?!?
The Smithsonian banned Donald Trump?!?
How would we know? We're all just a bunch of preppy white people on here.
The most popular local hip hop is gogo. There are a ton of venues that host shows. You can find some here: http://www.tmottgogo.com/ or by following bands/promoters on twitter. 

There are a ton of national hip hop shows around town that attract a diverse crowd. 

As far as bars, there are a plenty downtown, on u st, h st, and Georgia Ave with a mostly black crowd. A lot of the neighborhood bars are really mixed (DC Reynolds) If you haven't found one you're not looking hard. 
[deleted]
You haven't come back to comment, but I'm curious: 

Have you ever read this sub? 

How do you just roll in with racist bullshit like that?

"I'm new in town. Where can I find live hip-hop? Or, at least a place that plays hip-hop?"

Easy.

You could have taken a step further, a couple of keystrokes by yourself and found go-go.

But nope, you're from the ATL, everyone on /r/washingtondc must be your crowd.

I'm pleased that I will never meet you.
Dodge City, trust an ATLien
Where can I find bar not filled with angry black people? See what's wrong with that question? Mr. I'm from the ATL.
U St. Peep Velvet Lounge and Dodge City...I get it, but poorly worded question. Life is nuance in DC bby...

Edit: usually live djs not performers gotta keep an eye/ear for the flyers and radio ads
Where can I find live pop music?  (Or at least bars not filled with ghetto black people?
I'm not sure if this is any help, being a white person, but did you try something like [this](https://foursquare.com/top-places/washington-dc/best-places-hip-hop)?
Marvin.
There's a place in Adams Morgan called The Diner. Stumbled in there with a buddy one drunken night and its a diner that serves beer and was playing a lot of 90s and early 00s hip hop. They had some good chicken and good music with a good atmosphere. Definitely will go back for more beer and chicken tenders tossed in buffalo sauce (I seriously have dreams about it). I was a little drunk so I don't remember how it was in terms of preppy white people, but I'm a white dude so take this with a grain of salt. 
Bliss nightclub

Ultra bar

Only places I can think of 
Checking out individual bands might be your best bet. I recently saw a show by a band called Sling Blade Theory that blew me away, and I know they've done a show or two since.
We complain a lot about Metro in general, but the complaints you're seeing about the Rockville to DC commute this week are related to SafeTrack, Metro's system-wide improvement program that was introduced earlier in the year to address problems by closing a segment of track or restricting its use by only allowing one train through at a time (single-tracking). This week, a decent chunk of the Red Line was closed for SafeTrack that affected the frequency of Red trains in the whole system, hence the uptick in bitterness. The inaugural week of a new SafeTrack initiative is never fun for the people who realize their commute is fucked, but it's (usually) only terrible in the beginning when enough people haven't adjusted their routes or their schedules to work around the worst of it.

Your commute should be fine by the time you get here - the portion of SafeTrack work affecting the Red Line will end on November 22. 
Welcome new Metro Customer! Our current status is: 🔥 
I live in DC and commute to Rockville for work, it's really not that bad. I never have to wait for more than 4 minutes for a train. In the last year there may have been maybe 5 days where I've had a longer than expected commute?
Move to DC not MD
I currently live in DuPont and work out in Rockville. Door to door my commute is about an hour. There are days when the metro is delayed or shitty but it's not like every day you will have to deal with a commuting headache.
don't believe the website.  don't believe the PIDs (not pelvic inflammatory disease--the digital displays on the platforms which purport to tell you which trains are coming and when).  you will get much better and timely info from WTOP,  this sub and from twitter as to what's actually going on in the system at a given time.

/TheMoreYouKnow


Wrong!

I'm posting this while driving my car as an Uber so I can't explain more at the moment. 
I've written this a couple of times, but I'll do it again. 

I grew up just outside of Baltimore, lived there for a while. Lived in Hyattsville, I've lived in Ashburn, I've lived in Manassas, I've lived in Merrifield and I now live in Capital Hill. I've basically been circling this drain pipe of DC for a while.

The first problem everyone makes is lumping drivers together based on their plates. Not all MD drivers are the same. Not all DC drivers are the same. Not all VA drivers are the same, but they sure are similar.

**Fucking Marylanders**

First problem with MD is there are huge differences between the blue collar worker from Baltimore, the lawyers from Bethesda, the redneck from Frederick or the big offender around DC that is what I call the PG County Death Squads.

*Baltimore* is an old city with crumbling roads, narrow lanes and short onramps. Your standard Baltimoron is aggressive. But if you have ever been on 695, you'd understand why. It's literally how you have to drive. You don't get to merge, you have to get to speed in 400 feet and figure it out. The common theme is aggression, but not really blind aggression. They were trained to drive this way. You can tell the Baltimoron because he/she always ramps up to speed. No matter what. "GO GO". They have 1.5 second yellow lights, 6 second green lights, and no room to go. When there's an opening, they are taking it. And if you are 'taking your time' they will let you know how fucking much you should die in a fire.

*Bethesda/MoCo* They border closer to NOVA. These are you huge SUVs for no fucking reason. MD doesn't have a blinker rule, and these fucktards believe that means it's not optional, it's just not happening. Blind spots? Fuck you, I'm coming over. And if we collide, we aren't getting over, let's argue about this in lane 3 of a 4 lane highway. 

*Frederick* These people hate life. They spend more time on 270 than they do at work. At this point, they would love someone to kill them and at least their families will get life insurance. The drive like suicidal maniacs because they are. On top of this and the amount of driving they have to do still doesn't mean they will get an economical car. Truck or something with under 20 miles to the gallon. Fuck you, fuck me, fuck the world.

*PG County* These are the real offenders you lump all of MD into. These fuck don't give two shits about anything ever. Laws? Nope. Insurance? Nope. Eyes on the road? Nope. The only thing you can count on is not just aggressive danger bound driving, but sometimes just blatant disregard to life and courtesy. Runs a red light? PG county. Uses bike lane to pass someone? PG county. Double parking on a hydrant? Both cars are PG county. Fleeing an accident? PG county.

**Holy Tardiness Batman, it's The District**

The district has too many migrant workers. DC drivers can be easily summed up with 1 example. Is there a car in the Left most lane going 15 MPH under? It's got DC plates.

**Goddamn Fucking Virginia**

The only fucking state in the union where someone with no fucking clue how to even spell car can get a license. "Oh you used to drive in [FILL IN BLANK 3rd WORLD COUNTRY], here's license to make sure no one gets to work or anywhere anytime ever."

I've been dealing with it for so many years, the things I have seen. Recently I've had to take Gallows Road more often. This right here is the epitome of everything wrong with VA and why we MD and DC need to invade and conquer Richmond and do nothing more than insert new laws for VA and driver testing. I dare you to go drive Gallows for fun around 5:30 PM. You will be calling for Civil War #2.

There is pretty much not a minute that goes by without something ridiculous. But my favorite was when we had to spend 1 hour to go 5,000 feet because a Honda driven by a stereotype cut her turn too early. She trapped her car wheel on the median and then decided to use her road kit by igniting flares all around her vehicle. She put them into 3 lanes of what should be moving traffic for no particular reason - in the day time. Flairs. Day. Fucking. Light.

I've been to VA traffic court (Fairfax) 3 times, (for dumb shit, I have a perfect record FYI). There was this girl that was in for her, not second offense, third offense for passing a loading school bus with children crossing the road. She got 1 point.

NOVA just has no clue how to drive or even what laws are. I honestly don't think they understand what signs mean.  Those yellow diamond signs with a pedestrians crossing it, VA thinks its optional. There's at least 20 Virginians reading this right now opening up a second browser tab to look it up. It's really not your fault, because it was your shitty fucking driving school that failed all of us. Running that sign is $500. In MD it could be jail time. And this whole state thinks it's a suggestion.

The worst trait about VA is they are entitled. You can tell a Virginian because they'll say this "People here speed up when you put on your blinker."

A blinker does not entitle you to change lanes, mother fucker. You as the lane changer are required to adjust your speed to that lane otherwise you have no business changing lanes. Moving over last minute for your exit is illegal. Changing lanes without regard to traffic movement is illegal. Changing multiple lanes is called reckless driving. Your run of the mill VA does not understand that it's not just courtesy, it's fucking illegal. They don't know it, because apparently VA driving school is just a pay to play process.

**TL;DR**

MD almost hit you while you as a pedestrian are crossing the street, flips you off and shout to "watch yourself". DC is making sure you go 45 in a 55 on a Sunday. VA just cut you off and waved to signal you should be okay with it.
As a fairly new Maryland driver from CT and NY I'll say that people here seem just as bad as other high density areas to me. I don't feel that MD sticks out as much as people think it does. I certainly didn't move here last year and think "wow these drivers suck so much more than up north". When you have small areas with lots of people you're going to see shit drivers. Period.  

As far as signaling goes, it's important to realize that AFAIK MD doesn't legally required signaling when changing lanes. The MD legislature has no problem making it illegal for grocery stores to sell booze but they can't seem to wrap their heads around a really common sense law. *deep sigh*
I live in DC and work in Maryland and after driving 36 miles a day to my job for the past 3 years, I can tell you that Maryland drivers are unnecessarily aggressive and overly assertive. They drive too fast, make sudden changes, and then SIT at green lights because a majority of them are looking at their phones. 

Driving in urban Maryland is savage, and I've lived all over the country as well.  
Maryland drivers dont know how to merge and lose their minds in the rain.
Oh dear. Paging u/MarylandDriver
As a cyclist around the city, MD drivers are the least aware when it comes to people on bikes. I'm guessing they don't have as many bike lanes in MD, but VA and DC drivers are fairly considerate of cyclists. MD drivers I always give myself a little extra buffer just in case.  
Anecdotally, you're correct. Objectively, ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
I drive through all three on a weekly basis. Every fucking person on the road is an asshole, everywhere. Either driving like an asshole, or being an asshole for not knowing how to drive properly. No state or district is special. 
I find VA drivers the worst because they're always oblivious. MD drivers are more willing to make U-turns in the middle of 14th Street or drive on the sidewalk because we need to go just one entrance down on a one-way street, but that's because we ar confident behind the wheel. 
You should go to Florida, specifically Miami. It's like driving in a 3rd world country. No one stays in their lane, no one uses their turn signal, people disregard stop signs and red lights, etc. 
We just don't feel burdened by all of your rules. 
They don't seem any worse than the drivers I grew up with, but then, I grew up in Massachusetts, so...
We live in a major city, you gotta get to where you gotta be. Cities I've been to across the globe have higher density traffic and less infrastructure and it's more "chaotic" but there it's expected that not everyone follows the rules of the road so rigidly, no ones trying to get themselves (or you) in a wreck. There are far more cars, pedestrians, motorcycles etc in these places with less lights and worse roads but there were similar numbers of accidents and (in my experience) less of an attitude taken toward people weaving, cutting off, moving through traffic their own way. Be aware. I notice that md drivers are more aggressive as well, so I agree with you but I don't think this is bad... again, it's city driving. VA people follow the rules more and expect the same of others. Drivers (and non drivers) in the USA are too accustomed to order and expect everyone to hold true to that order all the time. Nah. Roll with it. 
All the slightly more of an asshat drivers I've met so far sport an MD plate. 
Nope, definitely not just you. My friends and I joke that the Maryland driving philosophy is "I'm going to do something, legal or not, and you decide if we end up on the news". Like yesterday, when someone in a left turn only lane decided they really wanted to go straight and cut me off.
9 out of 10 cars attempting to run me over in marked crosswalks on the walk signal are wearing VA plates.  the 10th car is usually a taxi, or in very rare instances, a car with DC, MD or diplo plates.

IME.  FWIW.
If D. Trump ran on the platform to take away all Marylanders drivers licenses, he could come out and say that he kills baby seals for fun, I would still vote for him.  
this guy thinks twitter.com/MD_Driver_in_DC is racist: https://twitter.com/BrucesCoworker/status/793872626942750720
MD drivers I find to be slow at the most unnecessary times, like going 45 mph on the beltway at night without their damn headlights on. 

VA seems to just have more shit drivers that seem oblivious and don't realize that if you're going below the speed limit on 66, and are in the left lane, and 5 people in a row pass you on the right, Maybe they should move over.. 

NJ has a similar amount of congestion of this area, and arguably worse roads in some respect, but driving there is better overall because they keep right & pass left. 
I use to think this was a joke, but the drivers I have encountered on DC MD and VA roads have made me reconsider this. These drivers are awful, selfish and reckless. 
You're not wrong.
MD drivers will kill you for NO reason and they're always on their phone. 
In my experience, MD drivers might be more aggressive but Virginia drivers actually seem to be the most oblivious and just plain bad at it when they are driving in the city. Just what I noticed growing up here in the district.
Worst thing about DC drivers is the Sunday drivers who don't touch a car except for once every few months. They drive like a student driver on her first time on the road. 

Worst thing about VA drivers are the preponderance of stupid fucking vanity plates. I once sat behind "RDHEAD," and I can tell you that my first thought was not "red head."


That's it! Maryland has a laundry list that's already been written about here that is orders of magnitude more populated than DC or VA. "Bad drivers are everywhere" is true but Maryland is the worst I've ever witnessed. 

Bonus fact: Maryland doesn't have a road test for your driver's license. That explains a lot. 

Bonus complaint: Outside of the aforementioned "PG County Death Squad" behavior, Maryland drivers are much more oblivious and timid than they are aggressive. I fucking WISH they were aggressive. There's a difference between being aggressive in a competent manner to keep yourself safe, navigate efficiently, etc...and aggressive as in trying to drive 90mph everywhere. 

Bonus anecdote: There's no 17 mile stretch of road in the developed world that has more disabled vehicles on the side of (or frequently still in) the road than MD-295/BW Parkway. Especially at the height of heat waves in the summer, it is fucking ASTOUNDING how many broken down cars and trucks litter that hellscape. 
MD drivers are the only ones I see going 40mph+ up and down my residential block to avoid the traffic lights on either parrell street. They are also the main culprits I see driving from alley to alley in the neighborhood.

I'd like to blame them for the u-turns and constant double parking too but DC and VA are just as guilty here.
[this is the real enemy](http://docplayer.net/docs-images/27/10125580/images/11-0.jpg)
[ONE OF US, ONE OF US](http://s2.quickmeme.com/img/dc/dcb8fac9dd1e4b6a1ae3ae43da0d3bfff53d3cdcc83395cb8fb4df770e302287.jpg)
Just moved up from Texas this year and I really appreciate the laugh, thank you kindly. The whole bunch of y'all (DMV,Dip) up here are the worst drivers I've seen across the states and overseas. My buddy from up here said it best when she told me her parents call Maryland "the state of confusion". It's no wonder so many with vehicles take the metro regardless of the weather and delays. Cheers and thank God cannabis is quasi-legal in DC. 
I am a maryland driver. Yes we are bad, but not as bad as west Virginia or Pennsylvania 
I moved away a few months ago but still subscribe here.  I had to chime in.

I used to think MD drivers were bad.  They aren't.  FLORIDA drivers, specifically South Florida where I moved... *they* are the fucking worst I've ever seen.

Texting while driving? more common than not.  Swerving last second across multiple lanes to get into/out of an exit lane? I see it daily.  I can't go 5 min on i-95 without seeing an accident. 40mph in the slow lane, and 80mph in the fast lane.  Using a turn signal is viewed as a sign of weakness.  I've been sneered at like I'm senile (I'm 25 years old) for using one.

I actually fear for my life, and miss the driving conditions of the DC area.
I moved to California for a year and was wishing I could be around DMV drivers. I think MD is the worst out of the DMV but at least you can feel safe on the road. California drivers legitimately scare me.
Maryland drivers pass on the right. You can drive on 95 for hours, but the second you enter Maryland, a driver with MD plates materializes out of nowhere to buzz past you on the right. 
i've been stuck behind farm equipment, a yacht (in upper MoCo), and a house before.  glad i'm not driving today; i'd be stuck behind the synagogue. :-)
Heh, Judas take the wheel. I'll show myself out. 
Modern engineering is awesome.  In the early 2000s, they moved one of the North Carolina lighthouses further inland because its former location was becoming less and less stable.  We ended up getting a quarter that the crews smashed with the lighthouse mover.  Pretty cool stuff.
It's only moving 50 feet today. We have 2.5 years to worry about getting stuck behind it in traffic.
Moving it for only $500,000? That doesn't seem right.
I hope u/MarylandDriver was not driving it, or it would prob wind up stuck under an overpass or in the Potomac 
I'd correct the title - US Park Officer Accidentally Shoots Himself.

Shot himself in the foot.
I hope he doesn't have to go to GW. The downside there is that, because it is a teaching hospital, he would get to tell 15 sets of med students exactly how he shot himself in the foot.

Source: several drunken injuries that ended up at GW 
http://i.imgur.com/4V1HIn1.jpg
So much for this good guy with a gun
I would've said that the Rabid Raccoon won, but then I read that his partner shot the Rabid Raccoon, so I'll call it a draw.
I think this was a plot for one episode of Parks & Rec.
why would the officer even engage the animal? what was the plan, best case scenario? don't park police receive any amount of wildlife training above and beyond standard academy?
Not sure if it's possible for her to get there but Microcenter carries them. There's one in Rockville and one in Fairfax.
Which one are you looking for? You should be able to get any of them from MicroCenter. I have an extra Uno I haven't used yet if you're interested. 
If you can't get out to Microcenter then check out TechShop in Crystal City, they have lots of maker-oriented stuff.
Aw I see myself in this!! 
Sometimes I think the D.C. Metro is actually a clandestine effort to delegitimize public transportation
It's times like these I'm glad ive memorized exactly which car and door I need to be in for each leg of my commute 🙏
The trains were completely full by the time they reached Farragut north. It was insanity. 
And Weidfeld thinks cutting rush hour service is a good idea.
Two words, people: 79 bus. 

If you are going to Silver Spring or beyond, just opt out of this noise. 
What is it like going up the Bethesda arm?  Just as bad?
you realize that there are plenty of cities around the world where this is a typical rush hour picture
These karma grab complaints are getting ridiculous, that train will probably take the whole platform there or at least 3/4 of it. Look inside, there are empty seats and half this platform is from people who got off. It's DC at rush hour, you think it's not going to be crowded? 

Have you been to any other city with a subway system?
I wonder what the fire code says about maximum number of people on those platforms
Wmata should just hire [transit pushers.](https://youtu.be/E7kor5nHtZQ)
Is there something unusual happening? This is what my Orange Crush platform at Farragut looked like every single day back when I worked in DC.
I found Waldo!
If this means more Maryland drivers on the road tomorrow, "may God have mercy on the souls of **us all**"
So what happen?
The one day I decide to go belowground...
It's cray up in there. I can't imagine how bad it'll be tonight for the Caps game. 
I'm so glad my new project is not in DC. The 6 months of being forced to schlep around the metro was the worst.

Just kidding, Uber was used extensively after the 2nd major event at Lenfant Plaza occurred... this time with me leaving because the station had filled with smoke.
Getting on the red line at Union station is always the worst part of my day. 
Last time I saw the platform that crowded was Obama's inauguration.
People judge me harshly for living so close to work and driving in everyday, and not taking metro. Photo's like this is the reason I do it. 
You have seen nothing. https://inteligenciaindependientedotcom.files.wordpress.com/2016/03/174458_metropantitlan.jpg?w=710

This is precisely why my wife and I live in Northeast and work in Prince George's County. 
How can anyone think life's better without owning a car. 
This is just another day in the NYC subway
**The State of Washington, Douglass Commonwealth**????? This is surely a joke, right?!
I'll probably vote for it, but let's face it -- it's a complete waste of time and the name is terrible.
For - MAKE DC SQUARE AGAIN

Douglass Commonwealth may be the worst name they could have thought of though
I voted for statehood, but I thought critically about the vote and considered a no vote.  My concerns are budgeting and consequent taxes.  I was told that the costs of statehood (judiciary, police force, public works, and other local expenditures) would require new tax burdens.  I am a Democrat, but I also pay relatively high taxes already, so I had to weigh the pros and cons.  Ultimately, I decided that the principle of representation for all is more important than our tax burdens increasing.
**It's on  the back of the ballot. Don't forget to turn your ballot over to vote on this item**

I don't like some of the written language in the proposed constitution, but the movement on the whole is good for nearly 700,000 disenfranchised citizens.
Check out this thread for some of the Pros and Cons on this debate. https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/58hpbt/what_do_you_want_to_know_about_the_upcoming/
There is a couple of reasons:

(a) The Name. I just ... no.

(b) DC govt corruption is rampant. I rather that have some sort of check and balance.

(c) The biggest. Our budget goes near unchallenged when it comes to the *amount* of federal subsidy we request. 

Sure, we have assholes that think they can hold up the approval for reasons we don't agree with. But the amount? Not really challenged, basically ever. Unlike States who have to plead and threaten for Federal subsidy in each category (infrastructure, civil services, law enforcement, etc), or have to have catastrophic disasters, DC just gets to balance it's budget and claim no matter how much income it is making the balance of expenses is on the feds.

Worse over, we don't have to marry up the difference. Once the allowance is approved we are getting it. Which thanks to devious new tax laws (yoga tax is a good example) DC is then able to pocket the underrun as yearly surplus.

I don't think people understand the difference between having an allowance and begging for subsidy. While getting approval seems petty and dumb at times, it's the price of having a federal allowance line that is simply the delta of Expense and Income. 

Financially we can't afford being our own state. And do you trust the current set of politicians we have to balance a fair budget and new taxes to cover that difference?

(d) oh and it's not like it's going to be accepted by Congress.
One reason. The beer import loophole: 

http://beergraphs.com/bg/377-the-business-of-beer-the-dc-import-loophole/

In my voter guide, the new name was New Columbia - did this change?
Can we just call it Bob and be done with it?
Although I'm a tried and true Democrat, I'll probably be voting against because I don't think our elected leaders in DC are ready for prime time. 

Too many examples of mismanagement by the city government in the 10+ years I have lived here. I hope the final solution is to grant DC an elected Representative to the House with FULL voting powers.

The entire reason for DC's existence is so that there would be an area for the federal governement to exist unencumbered by local authority. Making it it's own state would completely undermine that.
I'm voting against it because I just HATE the name. Yes, I am shallow. 
Yes, but hundreds of thousands of people would be represented. You know that the license plate "taxation without representation" is true right, and that was a significant part of the cause for war against the British? But let's worry about what you want. Instead let's suppress the political representation of close to half a million people. You know, like what Republicans are already actively doing to millions across the nation.
I am a registered Republican eligible to vote in DC. I do not want two additional Democrats in the Senate. That is reason enough for me to vote against statehood. This vote is symbolic anyway. The only way to get Republicans in Congress on board is to cede most of DC (except the Mall, White House, Capitol, and surrounding federal buildings) to Maryland.
Can we just be absorbed into maryland?
if you are worried more about the name than the political and social/racial ramifications of continuing to be a plantation for Congress, then you should just vote against Statehood to begin with. 

The rich and entitled of NW are voting for statehood because they "think its cool". Those of us in NE and SE are voting because our rights have been perpetually diminished by an evil body of lawmakers. 
Wait times and locations: https://www.dcboee.org/ev/
I was in and out of Judiciary Square in less than 5 minutes earlier this week. No lines, more people working than voting.
you can view wait times online
I voted in columbia heights right when the polls open in the am, there was a line.  It took 20 minutes 
I can't wait to vote for my senator and congressional representative! 
I went at 530 pm during the work week I there was 4 people in front of me. Really easy to do, minimal wait. 

Don't forget about your local elections 
This morning Judiciary Square had a line about 50 yards long.
I went last night shortly before the cut-off. The web site listed the wait as 35 minutes. It took just over two hours. I wasn't too surprised considering I waited until the last minute, but I was still disappointed that the estimate was so far off. Might be worth keeping in mind if they also list the waits on Election Day itself.
I would post on the newhilleast listserv and/or the newhilleast Facebook group. There are always people posting for friends who are looking for short-term leases. $1730/month seems like a lot though for a 1BR. 

Edit: Just went to /r/dcforrent and saw your Craigslist post. There are a bunch of downsides to your apartment:

* It's tiny - it looks VERY small for a 1BR. I think your photos are making it worse; your photos are of tiny parts of each room. Can you get up on a chair and fit the entire main living area into the photo frame? Same thing for the bedroom... it does not look like a comfortable apartment despite being new.

* It's on the very edge of the Hill - one thing that is awesome about most parts of the neighborhood is that there is that you can walk to Eastern Market, H St, etc., but that would be a pain from your place.

* Saying you're offering a big discount on rent could scare people away who are looking to stay in the apartment for longer than six months... moving is a huge pain, and the okay-ish rent is going to increase for sure.
Are you giving people the option to extend the lease at the end of 6 months? If not, you're going to be hard pressed to find someone looking for a place in that odd window, even with a discount. People who want short term leases generally want to stay for the summer, or the school year. Not November through April. 
It's a crappy time to be looking -- January should be much better and really all next year with the new administration 
$1,900 is awfully high to pay to live way down at the end of Penn SE. That said, it *could* be worth it if the amenities are all there. Do you have...  

* 24 hour front desk staff?  
* Pool?  
* Gym?  

The ad doesn't mention any of these. If you have all of them, then definitely say that! If not, them I'm afraid I have to agree with everyone else and say that you are pretty badly overpaying. 

It would be helpful to post the square footage to prove this is actually a 1br (as opposed  to a studio passed off as a "jr 1br"). Don't say the bathroom is large and then post a photo of a bathroom that clearly isn't large. People get turned off by vague attempts to sell something as better than it is. 
Did you post here /r/DCforRent/
maybe your craigslist description has something that seems weird to people. wanna share it? it might just be bad timing, probably people looking for a $1700+ 1br aren't impulsively doing it during the last week of a month, they would be getting started now.

sharing on local fb groups (as appropiate) works well too
what's the monthly price you have it listed at?
Anonymous hardly has a hacking arm anymore let alone meat puppets...
Thankfully it's nofap November on their calendars
I feel like this is like the fourth or fifth time this year DC's been threatened with the "Anon March to end all Anon Marches". Like those, I'm sure nothing will come of this one as well. Maybe an optimistic twenty dudes in Guy Fawkes masks will turn up to a couple of the 9 events they're proposing here, and the rest will do what Anons do best and stay at home.

I do find this one kind of interesting though; the others all had a very "FUCK SHIT UP, EXPECT US" tone while this one is...much less so? Like it wraps up with yoga on the mall for fucks sake lol
What the fuck did I just click on...
Where are those 12 year olds going to stay, given that hotels require minors to have a parent with them?

Those videos anonymous pu out, too, are a joke; they're about as well written as a toilet paper commercial
Maybe we'll see them go head to head with black lives matter
Wow, this is so bad it's funny:

>#FreeDC Goals:
**expose corruption of the USA Corporatocracy**

>-with the gentleness of Unicorn Kisses

>**provide sexy examples of New Governance**

>-like Ethereum-based Liquid Democracy

>**empower D.C. in its Journey towards Autonomy**

>-whether in the U.S.A. or as an Independent City-State 

How old are these kids and what are they smoking?
These people need to get lives. 
well, that's better than what happened to one of my neighbors:  she was in the kitchen, thinking her husband was in the living room, and the kids *came into the house* and stole the candy from the foyer, bowl and all.
Homeowner: Dumb for leaving a bowl of candy unattended and thinking it wouldn't get ganked.

Children: Probably should have had better manners but that's what kids fucking do.

Washington Post: Should be ashamed for writing this drivel

Everyone who clicked: Is the problem.    
Old tenleytrash here.  I used to be those kids.  It's the one time of year when kids can be kids, and do tomfoolery.  Be grateful your house did not get egged. 
This is something that the fucking WASHINGTON POST covers? I'm embarrassed for them.
Where is this neighborhood? in an elementary school playground?
I always leave a candy filled bowl out when we head out to trick or treat. I expect the first kids to come to the door take the while thing. I'm impressed when the bowl is still there. 
When I was a kid it was pretty much common knowledge that if you left a bowl out someone was going to take the whole thing eventually.
Personally, I've found some great stuff at Secondi, Second Affair, and Buffalo Exchange. All in and around the Dupont/Logan Circle area. 
There is a good one on upper georgia avenue two blocks north of the walmart there
I get a lot of stuff from Frugalista in Mount Pleasant. They have lots of brand name items, and sometimes they give away free items with a purchase.

Crossroads near 14th and U NW is also pretty ok.
I like Second Time Around in Georgetown, (last weekend I got a sweater with the original $350 tag on it for $29), Current Boutique in Bethesda and King Street/Old Town (I like their Bethesda location better), Mint Condition in King Street/Old Town, and Mustard Seed in Bethesda. Others have already said Secondi, which I like too, especially for super high end or premium designer things, but I generally feel that it's still a bit out of my price range.
Fresh, from a farm at the Old Town, Alexandria, Farmers Market

(then I use my smoker to prepare it, if you care at all)
It seems you are looking for uncooked Turkey but it's not entirely clear. 

If you're open to a cooked turkey, Greenberg Smoked Turkeys.  Now bear with me... 

Yes, their website is gobblegobble.com and the site looks dated. Yes, it's a mail order turkey. 

That said, their product is outstanding. They've been doing it for decades and their online reviews speak for themselves. 

Their price is great too, IMHO. They charge under $6 per pound. If you're preparing a higher end turkey at home, you'll spend close to that anyway (free range meat, spices and herbs, bacon wrapping, etc), but you save yourself many hours in not having to cook it. 
[deleted]
Supermarket, brine and rotisserie it. Fantastic.
I did Stachowski's Market two Thanksgivings ago.  They pre-cook it, so all you have to do is put it in the oven for two hours and it was perfect.  I can't recommend them more strongly.  
Do you have access to a car? There's a couple of Farmer's Markets in Fairfax and Arlington that will have vendors taking reservations for fresh turkeys.
fresh. going to try sous vide this year.  prob buying one to try first. 

prob a 99c/lb fresh butterball at Costco. 
Frozen. Brine it, then fry it.
Fuck turkey. Steak FTW.
Mount Vernon Trail goes along the potomac and is 18 miles from dc to Mount Vernon (George Washington's home) it connects to the Custis and W and OD trails that take you west. A few big hills to start off going that way but good Trail 
If you have a mountain or hybrid bike I would highly recommend the C&O Canal.  Pick it up in Georgetown and you can ride it up the river to Great Falls or as far as you want. (It goes all the way to Cumberland, MD, over 100 miles away.) It's packed dirt though so I wouldn't recommend it with a road bike.  If you do have a road bike, MacArthur Blvd mostly parallels the Canal and is paved, and once you get into MD there is a separate bike path. You will have LOTS of company too. I live on MacArthur and groups of 5-50 cyclists pass by every few minutes on the weekends.

Beach Dr in Rock Creek Park is great too. It's undergoing construction right now and is closed to cars, but I'm not sure what the status for bikes is.  


Beach Drive is closed to cars on the weekends for most of the area North of Broad Branch Road NW. The part currently under construction (Rock Creek Parkway to Tilden) is actually great for biking too because they have only torn up a small portion and the rest is open for biking on the weekend but closed to cars.

You can park nearby or ride on the Rock Creek Trail in lower Rock Creek Park to get there. 

All of the other trails here are very narrow and have a lot of pedestrian traffic. Going fast enough to get a cardio workout is not at all safe.
The Georgetown Branch Trail/Capital Crescent Trail is really nice. It goes from either Silver Spring/Bethesda to Georgetown, about 11 miles. I've usually started the SS/Bethesda side, and would recommend parking off of East-West Hwy at the Ohr Kodesh Congregation. You can also connect to Rock Creek Park at that point and take that down back into the city.
I was amazed, my Silver Spring -> L'Enfant commute is consistently taking only 5-10 minutes longer than normal.  Trains get crowded, and Fort Totten is a madhouse, but I'll survive.
not terrible, for me. (twinbrook to metro ctr.)  was only about 5 mins late for my 9 am mtg.  

OK, so i left the house 15 mins earlier than usual.... :-\
I usually take the H crosstown bus and was expecting an uptick in passengers. Early in the week it wasn't bad at all, but today the bus was absolutely packed! Hope it isn't this crowded for the rest of the surge :/
If no one bites, I'd love to have tickets!
I'd take a couple as well if you don't find anyone to switch....
I WOULD DIE FOR THESE TICKETS!!! PLEASE LMK IF YOU FIND NO ONE!!

Hey  If I could have a ticket that would be awesome! Thanks!
I have 2 tickets for Jan 4 (2:30pm) and 2 tickets for Jan 24th (1:30pm) and would be interested in trading.
Are weekdays good? I have two for Nov 17th 12:45 pm I can't make anymore.
If you don't want to swap, anybody else can have them.
I've got 6 tickets for January -- MLK day, actually.

Would love a straight up switch if it's still available -- PM'ed.
Your submission appears to be an attempt to buy or sell a product or service and has been automatically removed.
/r/washingtondc does not allow these kind of posts. Please direct them to /r/DCDump.

The moderators have been notified of this post and if removed in error, will approve it as soon as possible.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/washingtondc) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Springfield is pretty far south of town.  I don't think living in DC proper is a good option due the commute.  As others suggest, Old Town is where I'd look first.  
https://www.reddit.com/r/nova/
Find a place in Old Town. It's nice, plenty of stuff to do, easy access to work, and you might be better able to park both your cars. Welcome to the area!
You could probably find something in Crystal City/Pentagon City as well but I prefer Old Town over those locations. 
If you want to keep both cars then I don't know why you'd want to live in Old Town or a dense DC neighborhood. 

Living along Eisenhower Avenue/Van Dorn would give you the space you want and the access you'd want as well. 
look around the yellow line near huntington or
braddock rd station.. Not too far and walkable
Are you open to doing a 2/2 in old town with another guy?  I am moving to the area and really like it there but would rather keep the rent down if possible.  


> “Most of the loyalties [of board members], I have found, are not to Metro but to the jurisdictions that chose them,” Evans said.

It's funny because he is one of the biggest offenders of exactly this. He's basically calling out himself (actually his fellow chairs) as incapable of being a board member. More over he's admitting that politicians can't be business officers referring to when this last had to be remedied in the 90s. 
Yes let's put the people who fuck with the city's budget every year to score cheap political points back home in charge of our subway system.  There is no possible way this could go wrong.
I think one big issue that Metro governance has is that both MD and especially VA have large stretches of territority that receives no service from Metrorail or Metrobus. When you look at the VA Senate for example, you're looking at maybe 6-7 Senators out of 40 who have constituents who might ride Metro. 

Someone in Charlottesville or Harrisonburg could go their whole lives in theory without even seeing a Metro train or meeting anyone who has seen one, but a lot of critical funding and planning decisions are made by these people.

I think the goal shouldn't be to go federal -- someone from Arkansas is even less likely to give two shits about this than someone from Blacksburg. No I think the goal should be to bring more accountability down to the local level. I realize this isn't practical but my goal is to create some kind of special administrative district out of DC and the parts of Maryland and Virginia that are within a certain radius of the transit system. 

This residents of this special administrative district would directly elect most Board members (with some representation from states, Feds, etc. to provide their input and get their buy in) and would be able to levy taxes in a way that localities now can't. They could set up accountability metrics that WMATA would have to meet in order to get the funding and it would be easier to manage than waiting around for people that don't care about Metro to agree on a solution.
Here come the Fun Police
It's sad that people consider this to be a good idea. The Federal Government is too busy with other priorities, and doesn't have the expertise to manage a mass transit system.

Besides, a large portion of Congress hates mass transit, and will use a Federal takeover as an excuse to turn Metro into a commuter rail system.


I think we are at the stage where we need the U.N. or maybe even the Federation from Star Trek to take over. I've been reading the reports and stories about Metro for the past year and a half and there are just too many problems and they are all kind of interlocked with each other in this Gordian knot of crazy. A federal takeover would allow WMATA to sweep the field of a lot of its budgetary and structural issues, but I think the real issue is that the WMATA compact itself isn't well-suited to the way we want the system to operate today.

If I were queen of D.C., I'd dissolve the WMATA Compact in its entirety. Have Congress open the door for DC, VA, and MD to negotiate a new compact which could, for instance, shrink the number of seats on the board (16 is way too many), eliminate the "jurisdictional veto", include provision for a dedicated funding source, eliminate the mandatory binding arbitration provision so that WMATA can terminate the employees that are incompetent and bring in people who can run the system properly, and any number of other things, without actually making WMATA a federal agency.
Maybe it's just me, but it seems that Jack Evans just admitted that he is incapable of doing the job that he was appointed to do.
how would a federal take over help?
Did you know the US census designates all people from Arab nations as White?
Why is no one talking about the elephant in the room?  The Asian Indians..

There's a lot more to this article than simply race.  Click bait title.
I like how the Koreans,Chineses, and Vietnamese have their own category.
There are really deep issues here around housing values, red-lining, and how wealth gets transmitted inter-generationally

If potential buyers with money find my neighborhood in FFX desirable, then my housing investment will grow at 10% a year or more (as it has) = "wealth creation." If those same people with money find a neighborhood in DC or PG County undesirable, then it doesn't grow at all. Zero wealth creation. Or, if you move into a neighborhood, and that causes people to want to leave, then property values fall and again you lose. That's how structural racism recapitulates itself in each generation.

Te-Nehisi Coates had a [great piece on this](http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2014/06/the-case-for-reparations/361631/) a few years back, on how the GI Bill + redlining created huge wealth inequalities. 

Put bluntly: the fact that white people are willing to move into a mostly Asian neighborhood, and, that they aren't afraid of Asian dudes if they see us move into their neighborhoods, is worth hundreds of thousands of dollars to me. Literally. I mean actual cash in my actual bank account. That wasn't quite as true for my parents, who could only buy in certain neighborhoods (in the SF East Bay!) when they got their first house 50 years ago. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Selection_bias
if only people knew how census data is collected...
I think it's hard to use this statistic in a locality like DC or NYC, in that you have a small outlier group within the sample population that makes way more money than the rest of us regardless of race and are completely untethered to the local economy. It might be interesting to take the raw data and only look at the distribution of the middle 95% of the set.
I really wish think tanks would publish their data when they 'publish' reports like these. A good question is: after controlling for income, which cohorts hold debt in appreciating assets (housing) v. depreciating assets (cars). 
That's crazy considering how many federal government jobs are given to black people

EDIT: I am getting downvoted like crazy, despite not saying anything racist. Figures with the PC culture. Anyway, here our some stats:
"By contrast, African Americans make up 18.2 percent of the federal workforce, nearly double their percentage in the private sector."
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/hispanics-following-african-americans-example-in-finding-government-jobs/2013/12/03/30d9d46e-5159-11e3-a7f0-b790929232e1_story.html

They are 25 percent of the employees at Treasury and Veterans Affairs, 31 percent of the State Department, 37 percent of Department of Education employees and 38 percent of Housing and Urban Development. They are 42 percent of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp., 55 percent of the employees at the Government Printing Office and 82 percent at the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency.

This is an issue that will never be fixed. It might get better bug will never go away

Shocking /s
what bar is this from?
>Our media partner also says Metro Transit Police fired Vinh in 2013, when his then wife accused him of putting her in a headlock. His conviction was overturned. Vinh was re-hired the next year.

No surprise there. The disciplinary proceedings for officers are an absolute joke. People would freak out if they knew the stuff that went on.
"The women identified the Metro Transit Officer as Andy Vinh, who The Washington Post says has faced three previous complaints, all from females and all of them are captured on cell phone video."
Is he like a marshmallow person ? Or is he just retaining a lot of water weight ? 

>	
Walmart, Target, Montgomery County Humane Society, Inc., Rockville, MD, Hooters, National Guard Association of the United States - NGAUS, Megan Fox, axs, Jenna Jameson, The Zombie Run, 1st Armored Division and Fort Bliss, Conservative Nation, Crooked Government, Sara Jean Underwood, Six Flags America, U.S Army Paratroopersand 

These are the interest of a modern day American man . Don't Laugh . 
This is the same fucking guy that assaulted a teenager a few weeks ago for refusing to throw away her food?  In an isolated incident, I didn't think that situation was all that bad.  But this guy is obviously a power-hungry asshole and a magnet for trouble.  How does he still have a job?
This is what happens when you can't get fired.
Damn. We need a national eat-a-snickers day in the U.S.
It was smart of these women to be white before being assaulted by Officer Vinh. That's an important step to get your complaints taken seriously.
Color me surprised.
I'm pretty sure Dupont Circle to Foggy Bottom metro is less than a 20 min walk. Don't get me wrong, this officer is a monster who should be fired for good. But I'm a little annoyed at the "lets wait for 30 mins and go back." Foggy bottom gets them to Virginia anyway!
If you are rejected, just say your DOB was not entered properly to your friends ... happens all the time that folks are rejected for that. Or you misspelled/misplaced a letter in your middle name.
I used to work there. If there was a problem you would've been rejected from the tour already. 
I wouldn't go if you have an outstanding warrant - have heard of individuals getting arrested at the entrance. But I don't think they will reject you for just having a conviction, this administration has frequently hosted events featuring formerly incarcerated individuals as speakers and guests. Might be different for a West Wing tour but I doubt it. 

Either way, there is no circumstance under which they will reject you and announce that you have a conviction (lol). They'd just tell you you're not cleared and will ask you to reach out to your point of contact.
There's no sure way, I would just take your guide word for it. If your crime were victimless then I wouldn't worry about it.
Are you going to be meeting the President?  If not, you should be fine.  Even if you are going to meet him, I'd bet you'd be OK.  
If they barred every crook from entering the White House,
the line would be very short :-)
So any update for the benefit of those searching down the line? Also what did you think of the tour?

It is still interesting, but I miss the tours guided by Secret Service...
Off topic, but do you know when your friend applied for the tour? I applied last week for Dec 10 for me +1 and wondering if I should have my friend request a tour as well in hopes of doubling our chances.
These existed for the primary which, like it or not, is the de facto election in DC. The general election is a formality.
Greater Greater Washington just published their [ANC voting guide](http://greatergreaterwashington.org/doc/anc2016), which includes responses to their questionnaire. AFAIK it's the only such effort around. You can also read their [endorsements](http://greatergreaterwashington.org/post/34016/our-endorsements-for-races-across-the-washington-region/) for all major offices/issues on the ballot.
Votesmart might have stuff? 
vote411.org
http://kboulevard.com/washington-d-c-2016-election/
This came out of a quick Google search, as I was getting ready to leave town: https://ballotpedia.org/Municipal_elections_in_Washington,_D.C._(2016)

Scroll past all the stupid text to the Elections section - clicking on each candidate's name shows some information pulled from their campaign as well as a link to their website. It was at least a good start for me...
Check the Northwest Current. Has a decent voting guide.

Edit: Found the issue. Check this out, http://www.currentnewspapers.com/admin/uploadfiles/NW%2010-19-2016.pdf, page V1 (after page 16).
You call the APD non-emergency line and report a violation of the noise ordinance.
At least talk to the concierge/management before calling the cops
UPDATE: His family has been found and he has returned home!
Take him to a vet and have him scanned for a chip
There was a poster I saw in Montrose Park with a photo of a dog that looked similar. I'll check after work.
I would tweet that to all local rescue groups as well as they may have been notified by owners 
I went a long time ago when it was actually located downtown (about 15 years). Dave White, the owner is not really abrasive and certainly not intimidating or mean. I would call him more gruff or hardened. He was definitely friendly in his own way but I never got the sense that there was much more to him than boxing and that's how he likes it. 

When I went, there were both men and women but mostly men. It's a hell of a workout. I had no experience before and never actually "boxed" anyone, the closest was hitting his hand pads in the ring.
I was going to try the free class at Urban Boxing in Georgetown, but if you go to Downtown please let me know if you liked it! I'm in the same boat - but have done a very little bit of kickboxing and it's been super fun.
I also went 12 years ago when Dave was located downtown across from metro center. One thing you might be aware of is that he always mentions to new members that his is not a "boxing workout" gym and he is actually training people to fight (I know they had an amateur team at the time).  I sparred in the ring many times with other students. 

His position could have changed over the past decade of course but just something you might want to consider. 

I always appreciated his coaching style and have recently contemplated going back. Going rounds with him with pads on will make you want to puke due to exertion. Cheers!
Hey nice meeting you all! Thanks for a fun happy hour. -one of the Jacob's
I'll be back for more of these nights. And in greater numbers. 
[deleted]
Delete facebook, call a lawyer, hit the gym
Congratulations! I was very close to doing the same thing you did. I've been living in Fairfax County and Metro has sucked. I however just found a great place in Arlington, so at least I don't have to switch over my plates. I look forward to biking into work at L'enfant now.

As for voting, Virginia [lets you vote absentee](http://elections.virginia.gov/casting-a-ballot/absentee-voting/index.html) if you've moved out of state less than 30 days before the election. You will get a ballot just for the presidential election.

The deadline has passed to request a mail-in ballot, but you can still vote absentee in person until Saturday [at a bunch of the Fairfax County government centers](http://www.fairfaxcounty.gov/elections/absentee.htm).
Do you still get to vote in VA this election?
That's a long ass time. Shit and I thought I was old living in this city for 3 decades. Enjoy it. 
Congrats, I did the same last year. I liked VA, but living in DC and walking to work has been fantastic. 
Welcome to Southwest! It's nice here!
Welcome! I moved from Arlington a few years ago and haven't looked back. (Except to go to The Italian Store.)
Welcome! Nothing like walking/biking/etc. to work. 

Get new plates asap cause they will ticket you. Suggest DMV at Georgetown.  Heck, think of going carless as Uber and other options (bikeshare, etc.) are available. 

Welcome also to the wacky thing called the ANC.
Just a tip. After you get your emissions done at 1/2st SE do not go to the DMV right next door. Go to Rhode Island DMV. It will save you a whole day.  As well, I wouldn't do the license plate change immediately. DC was weird about having 2 actual utility bills, not just mail or intent to get your license.

DC income taxes can be weird. Filing anything less than a 1/2 year means you can't use the EZ form. If your move date is in Nov, you may want to consider having your employer not withhold to DC until Jan 1st. It will save you some headaches in April with filing.
If you have moved, it is technically criminal to vote in Virginia. If you haven't moved, you can, even if you plan to move Nov. 9th. 
Good luck with that whole taxation without representation thing
The biggest problem with federal control is I'm pretty sure they'd just cement the "this is commuter rail for the 9-5 crowd" conception of Metro. 
Bad idea. Having the WMATA board replace by a Congress that can't get the nations fiscal house in order make no sense. You would only end up with miniature version of Amtrak.
Because Congress has been so sensitive to the needs of The District so far, eh? Let's give them one more thing to prove they DGAF on the off chance anyone had a shred of doubt.
Could somebody ELI5 the way Metro decisions are made?  If DC is open to the sales tax, and VA and MD say no, is there a governance reason why DC can't enact the sales tax, allocate the revenues to Metro, and stipulate that the funds be used to improve service within DC?

In other words, is it not possible to cut services to VA and MD if they don't want to pay while maintaining services within DC if DC residents are willing to pay the tax?
I guess your personal opinion on this idea would pretty much depend on your opinion of how good of a job was done when they took over the railroads and created Amtrak.
Anything that gives Congress more control is batshit crazy.
Timeline.

Federal Control

Uber lobbies Congress

Republicans cut transportation funding

Congress gives subsidies to Uber to build out

Congress closes Metro, tells people they get 6 months of uber travel vouchers

The problem is it's split between between the District, Maryland and VA. Many of the problems would be fixed if the financial control was given to the District, and if tickets actually went back into the rail, rather than into a pot for DMV politicians to pick out of as they please.
I say that they should hand over the operations to the Army Corps of Engineers.  Not only will the maintenance get done, and on time, but the military has the budget to fix and operate the metro with the spare change the find between the couch cushions.  Not only that, but it takes politics out of the equation. 
I read it as 'Mexico' and thought the presidential campaign had just gotten even stranger.
Federal take over, what could go wrong. Then they'll try to balance the expenses, something no other transit agency does because transit is a deferred cost saving to society by reducing capital costs and maintenance on roads, as well as improving traffic.

Under federal aka Congressional leadership we would see WMATA trains fall to 30 minute headways at time, hours shortened, and overall crappier service. Congress has a single digit approval rating, I dare say they are more incompetent, as hard as it is to believe, than WMATA.

How about we instead just end the idiocy of how the board is selected (basically political resume building at this point), require by law better oversight and publicly available information on what work is being done/completed/to be done, and end the inability of WMATA to use capital funds to assistance with operational issues which is really what is causing the budget gap. The above, combined with trimming out the operational fat at WMATA will right the ship.
I think this is a bad idea. BUT. Is there any other way to toss the Compact and create a new agreement governing Metro, which doesn't include, for example, binding arbitration on salary and unprecedented protections for employees? And which sets a more permanent, reliable funding source?
This seems counter intuitive.  Isn't the constant argument that government doesn't work?  
There's plenty of reforms that need to happen, but I don't think a federal takeover is the answer. 

SafeTrack sucks, but I do think Wiedefeld is moving things in the right direction. And no doubt WMATA has plenty of employees that fill the roster but don't provide value.
It'll be run just like all those other well run federal government programs, known for their efficiency and accountability such as.................

Edit: Struck a nerve huh? The idea that the Federal Government would improve Metro to satisfy the citizens of DC, Maryland, and Virginia is magic bullet wishful thinking.
I'm not a fan of either candidate but I love all the downvotes and negative comments. If this was about Trump it'd be a top post on /r/washingtondc. 
1. They spelled Hillary wrong.

2. Maybe we should stop leaving these fucking signs on the default password. Did anyone think of that? No, probably not.

3. By saying the other candidate is a "bitch," that really doesn't give reason to vote for the opponent (though, a lot of people do indeed use the "he's mean" reasoning as why to not vote for Trump). It more or less just shows you're ignorant and uneducated. Congratulations, you played yourself.
Well, at least as good as the zombie one. 
[deleted]
As stupid as this guy's tags are, it really shows what a shitty system we have in place for parking enforcement. When a ticket is issued for a car without tags, it literally goes to a car with "No Tags" valid plates.  

You can see why parking enforcement issues tickets to dumped, stolen cars that never connect with the police who have a report listing the car as stolen. 
These agencies are completely idiotic. They only realized that there is a magical way to identify a unique vehicle after NBC got involved. AYFKM?  Anyone can change a plate on a car, if someone has the time or patience to change a vin tag to avoid a parking fine, then they deserve a medal not a ticket. 
I'll buy this guy some new tags. 
Should have gone with all 1's and I's: https://xkcd.com/1105/
Curious at what point he would find it worth it to just change his plates? 
If they're recalling the tags due to them now being against some newly created regulations to alleviate issues with those tags, then yes they absolutely should compensate him for new vanity plates.
This guy was a moron.  Why would he pay extra bucks to get that specific plate?  

My bet?  He thought he could park anywhere and not get a ticket because he had "NO TAGS."

And then he goes on TV draping his stupid self in Redskins gear.  

No mercy.  
Yea, his whole argument about 'if you pay for new tags, dmv, i'll get new tags'.... that's just bullshit. Seriously, don't be cheap, and save yourself some time; it's nobodies fault but your own that you picked that plate.
gray would have a point except that he deserved to be indicted. he knew about the shadow campaign. Machen ultimately couldn't bring the charges forward because  their lead witness may have been a paedophile. if not for that technicality, gray, like many of his associates who worked on the campaign, would have done time.
member 2 weeks ago when Comey was the paragon of virtue and anyone questioning the FBI's judgement was launching a direct attack on our very democracy?

member?
> “The objective of the show is, in part, educating the audience about how to appreciate go-go, how to respond to it and how to listen to it,” 


deeeeeep eye roll


Wouldn't want to see a go-go show at Georgetown any more than I'd wanna see a lecture at Black Cat, but tbh wouldn't want to see either anywhere. 
Funny but had some experience with people visiting DC thinking Go-Go was a 60s thing. 

And the author asks the administration about a go-go "show"? Does that mean a theatrical one produced by a playhouse? Maybe ask the students from DC that attended there over the years would be a good idea.


Yeah right
https://www.taxpayerservicecenter.com/RP_Search.jsp?search_type=Assessment

If you know the address or square/lot, use the above link.
OP, can you post a street view of the building you're referencing?
You could try this site as well https://pivsservices.dcra.dc.gov/PIVS/Search.aspx
United States Congress Almost Unanimously Ignores Automatic Voter Registration Law's Passage
Just thought about that guy, even though he was vindicated it still cost him the election
Gray came back because he's a real politician.
this has nothing to do with me, but boy do i love reading some local drama
I'm voting for Mary Lord now lmao
"I am nothing like Trump"
*Proceeds to ridicule female opponent based on her age, body, and manner of dress.*
[deleted]
I love that it goes from *"her positive message has won me and my neighborhood over"* directly to *"Mary Lord is old and crazy. Maybe she can wear some more scarves to hide her turkey neck and dress like a homeless lady."*
I do love Mary Lord's fashion sense - it is distinctly "old lady who doesn't give a shit about what anyone thinks."
Who actually logs into dcurbanmom? That place is just an adult 4 Chan. 
"Needless to say, the volunteer involved will no longer be helping me."

Does that mean she's dropping out of the election?

Edit: My first reddit gold! Thank you, kind stranger!
Where is the popcorn? I love how nutso local politics gets right before election day. 

> Maybe she can wear some more scarves to hide her turkey neck and dress like a homeless lady.

That is gloriously funny.
"Her October surprise is herself" pure gold
hahahaha wow
sounds like a nut
Kellyanne would be so disappointed.
That's just awesome. 
I have no idea whom to vote for in this race.  Is there a tl;dr of these people?

Regardless, I think this story may have made up my mind.  
This is my favorite thing. I was researching those candidates before voting last week and a friend and I came to the conclusion that she just was a socialite that wants to "do good," so this made me laugh really really hard. Oh honey....
Is this actually her account or did someone just make an account with her name?
This story reminds me of [the local politician]  (https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/local/wp/2016/05/17/va-congressional-candidate-shares-screenshot-with-porn-tabs/?client=safari) who accidentally tweeted a photo of his computer that revealed two porn tabs open in the background. 

That was mildly embarrassing, but he took it to the next level by coming up with a long and bizarre explanation/excuse/rant that ended up making him look not just horny but dangerously psychotic.

I found the full text on [gawker](http://gawker.com/close-your-porn-tabs-before-posting-screenshots-to-your-1776955238) (RIP in the fields of our Lord) but it goes on for so long that I won't quote all of it, but here is an extract:

>Curious by nature, I wanted to test the suggestion that somehow, lurking out in the pornographic world there is some evil operator waiting for the one in a gazillion chance that a candidate for federal office would go to that particular website and thereby be infected with a virus that would cause his or her FEC data file to crash the FECfile application each time that it was loaded on the day of the filing deadline, as well as impact other critical campaign systems. Well, the Geek Squad techs testified to me, after servicing thousands of computers at the Baileys Crossroads location that they had never seen any computer using their signature virus protection for the time period to acquire over 4800 viruses, 300 of which would require re-installation of the operating system


It goes on like this for four more paragraphs and at least one follow up email to "clarify". At least Ashley "Smarter with" Carter was swift enough to cut her losses.
Haven't we all done something like this at one point or another?
What's sadder? Ashley Carter or that "dcurbanmom forum" exists?
Still this seems like a very dumb thing to do. Create a new account, with your own name. Then nine minutes later post something obviously fake and inflammatory. If the time stamp wasn't in the middle of the day I'd think she was drunk or something...

Like did she also have another account with a fake name? Did I miss that? Or just the one? 


So who's the volunteer who posted the message?  I want a face and name.  
Really who cares? A candidadte for a position revealed that she thinks she's a better candidate than her opponent. Not sure why people think that's so scandalous.
Holy shit, that's written like an elementary school book report. Lots of regurgitation and little actual critical thinking or analysis. 
>If DC were to become a state, the Democratic Party would almost certainly add two more reliably Democratic seats in the Senate

Why do you hate democracy?

>To understand, we need to go back to 1783.

The rest of this imagines a scenario that is unlikely to happen. 

If the freaking Civil War (where the Confederacy was right there across the river) never really threatened congress then I doubt Mayor Bowser will be able to get the DC National Guard mobilized to surround Congress. 

If the US Military revolts again then that issue would be far bigger than just the District of Columbia. 

>It doesn't take much farther of a leap to see an activist DC government wielding its influence to subtly affect the outcomes of Congress. 

This already happens today. Wielding influence in government is called politics. But that influence doesn't depend on where you're from. It mostly depends on seniority. 

This talking point about "influence" is always brought up and there is just zero evidence that the city would be able to do such a thing. 
Under the current proposal the Capitol and White House would still be in the federal district, not the new state, so the Alexander Hamilton argument doesn't even work here. 

The real reason for opposition to statehood is that Republicans don't want 2 more Dem senators. They should just own that and stop trying to do mental gymnastics like this trying to justify it. 
At least he admits the real reason before spending the rest of the article on the bullshit reasons.  Its because we vote solidly democratic and the GOP doesn't want to give more seats to the opposition.  They don't give a fuck about the principles, its a naked exercise of power without legitimate justification. 
Tl;dr I'm going to first acknowledge that politics is the main reason, then tell a completely spurious story about something that happened 250 years ago and hope readers get lost and forget I was making a point. 
That's odd, I don't remember that scene in Hamilton
Everyone agrees that 'Taxation without Representation' is unfair on some level. So, instead of pushing for statehood, why doesn't DC seek an exemption from federal taxation, like other territories, such as the USVI, Guam or Puerto Rico? 

DC tax could mirror federal taxes, and then the net effect would be a local windfall. 

Much of the DC-area property base is either government or non-profit institutions, and though DC gets a subsidy for federal grounds, I have to think that a federal tax exemption would be a substantial net benefit for DC residents.

Why is this not a thing?
Here's a quick downvote to remind you to go fuck yourself. 
I thought the plan was to reduce the size of the federal district to just basically where most of the Feds do their work anyway. The Mallish area I think?
[deleted]
Regarding tickets at will call. You are fine as long as the person who purchased the tickets picks up the tickets at will-call and then gives you the ticket. You cannot pick the tickets up at 9:30 club from will-call yourself unless you have the purchasers ID and credit card. At least this is what 9:30 club says when you call their box office. 

Source: I called box office before purchasing tickets to Saint Motel off Craigslist from someone who said I could get their ticket from will call. I ended up not getting those tickets because obviously some stranger is not giving me their credit card info
My ticketfly Tegan & Sara order says Will Call only fyi
YOU COULD HAVE BEEN SOMETHING I WAS GOOD AT <3
Presenting without context:

>A pile of about 30 shoes had been discovered in a location south of Takoma.

Surprise bullshit!
Looks like the earlier surge missed this one.
Unbelievable
[deleted]
It's not necessarily 600k for the house; it's 600k for the land that POS "house" sits on.
This makes me sad. I love DC and I wish I could stay here forever. But I'm only 23, and if it's this expensive already and rising, it'll be completely impossible to become a homeowner by the time I'm ready to buy a home. 
This crap has gotten beyond ridiculous. Speaking of Columbia Heights (and the surrounding area), there's an "empty lot" for sale on W. It's been on the market for over a year. [They want $1,700,000 for it.](https://www.redfin.com/DC/Washington/1300-W-St-NW-20009/home/95682699)
OOOoooh how quaint! It still has vintage concrete steps and an iron railing with an authentic rust patina. Comes with bench stolen from Rock Creek Park.
Don't forget than an active real estate listing avoids the vacant property tax rate of a bajillion extra $$$.  So from the owner's perspective (assuming not occupied), you list it for an outrageous price and avoid the vacant property label and maybe even someone will fall for the price listed.  
This would be more convincing if they used an actual sale price. People having totally unrealistic views of the value of their homes is nothing new or unique. 

I've seen  similar remodeled   places nearby that sell for 600-650, a reasonable price for the area. THis will sell for under 500k. 
$17,000 in back taxes. Who will end up paying that?
I live right by here, I'm gonna go check the outside of the place today and come back with pics. 
Make $2000 to $10000 per month

Learning how to flip houses

No cash needed.
as someone who has been looking for a house for 6 months it has been insane. 

Just put a bid down only have to compete with 11 other offers, I am sure one of then is $110k over asking with a contingency for another $30 and willing to waive everything. 

It must be nice to be a seller. 
Damn, and it's a block off Georgia so that ensures that you will see lots of gun fire and other violence around the neighborhood.
[deleted]
Have you tried calling them?
Group that size is no problem, no spending min., and I think they only really charge a cover before 11pm on Fri and Sat
I want to do jobs. Where find them?
Your question is extremely vague. What kinds of media? What topics?
What kind of research? That's too broad. 
Can't offer specifics, but there are so many startups, would-be Young Turks, mixed media companies in the DC METRO yiu in Essence would be creating your opportunities. Much easier done than said if you credentials, keep googling and calling small firms 
Also, it's wet, it's fall, there's leaves and shit.  Motorcycles take twice as much highway to stop.  So don't think because we're smaller we are quicker to stop.  We have way less wheel on the road, so respect the space cushion.  This would also be why many of us ride on the very far side of the lane, usually the left; so you can see me in your mirrors, and when you inevitably stop short for riding asses and wedging into my space cushion, I can then bring the bike screeching to a halt next to your drivers door instead of coming in through your back windshield.  I am not, in fact, trying to lane split.  It's just a physics problem.
I think it is helpful to elaborate a little, a motorcycle is pretty vulnerable to being rear ended (and then also hitting the car in front) while stopped at a light. Which is why they would stop at the sides of a lane rather than parked square in the middle. For attention (looking out of place) and also possibilities to maneuver out of danger if necessary.

OP is not making a justification on dangerous or illegal motorcyclist behavior, but an explanation on a safety maneuver that appears strange to non-motorcyclists (aka the majority).
I always try to leave a longer-than-usual distance between myself and a motorcycle I'm following.  Most of the time, this just means someone jockeying for position takes advantage by merging in front of me.  Sorry, I tried.  
Not sure why this is getting downvotes when you're advocating safe driving here.

I see this happen occasionally in traffic and it only reaffirms my unwillingness to drive any two-wheeled vehicle in the metro region.  A motorcycle may be thinner than your car, but that doesn't mean you can share a lane with it.
This is why I regret that my helmet has a dark tinted visor. 

People are unable to see the massive "FUCK YOU" look on my face when they pull up next to me and do this.


I've notice a lot of motorcycles in the city lately using the bike lanes to get around traffic. Seems like a bad idea.
I've definitely experienced this first hand in DC. I was helping an older woman on an article she was doing for her church newsletter over the phone, and bless her heart if I didn't have to spell out "t-r-e-e" for her, as well as nearly every other word. Boy was she passionate about what she did, though.
I know some illiterate high school graduates... It's pretty sad, the education system (and their parents) totally failed them.
The one idea I like of his is making the board smaller. Sixteen people is unwieldy for anything. 
Metro has 13,000 (!) employees. For argument sake, let's say half of those employees work for the bus system, and half work for the rail system. There are a total of 91 metro stations -- that's over 71 employees per station.

I have no idea if WMATA is on a three shift rotation, but let's say it is. That works out to over 23 employees per shift, per station. 

I understand that employment figure takes into account part time workers, maintenance and admin folks. But damn, that's a lot of people on the payroll when you break it down.
Awesome costume. I hope he's showing up late. 
Glad you're teaching him important life lessons, like that education is important, but beer is importanter.
So basically the homeowner opens their door and he kills them with smoke?
You cant let him start trick or treating until later in the night, he should say he planned on arriving sooner but then he caught on fire.
If your son Metro don't trust ya....
Over the weekend I saw a bunch of people dressed as Metro maintenance workers at the bars out in Arlington.
Nice! We had the same [idea](http://imgur.com/a/81V3u), but [ours](http://imgur.com/a/SdU4S) didn't travel that [well](http://imgur.com/a/jJi4Y) . . . we worried it'd make folks on the street nervous.  

  Well done. Hope he was giving live [Is Metro On Fire?](https://ismetroonfire.com/) updates.
[Awesome!](https://ismetroonfire.com)
Everybody is focusing on the kid, but the beer quote in the background is also telling.
savage
Very creative! 
Needs more lightning
needs more fire
Don't feel bad if I answer the door with a fire extinguisher in my hands instead of treats.
lol. Great stuff. Another interpretation: http://www.popville.com/2016/11/couple-more-great-dc-centric-halloween-costumes/
911 up votes seems relevant
Is he busy with rebuilding today?
Education is important but beer is importanter
>I made my son dress up like this so I could get fake internet points even though he doesn't know what the fuck this is even about

FTFY
Kinda making fun of people who actually died on Metro, no? What's next, an Audi 5000?!?
I guess these aren't really needed now that you don't have to worry about exchanging paper fare cards.

These are also a pain in the ass to get to unless they're already on your way, and are pretty much only open during 9-5 anyhow (except with a liberal amount of breaks since you know WMATA). I know the Pentagon one wasn't even within the fare-control area.
On tonight's news: employees not laid off, but rather reassigned to be train operators, saving no money. More at 11.
and in other news, a gap in the third rail was ripping collector shoes off 7000 series trains outside Takoma today. :(
Should have been done years ago. 
Shaw is like the Florida of D.C.
Obviously this is horrifying not only as a cyclist but also just as a resident of this city, but honestly I'm also kinda impressed that someone in a moving vehicle could snipe the tire of a moving bicycle with a handgun, doubly so if it was a road bike. 
About a month ago, there was a guy walking in Penn's bike lane. When I went to pass him, he tried to shove me off my bike. Thankfully, he missed my torso and just hit my backpack, so I wasn't knocked off my bike. We then screamed at each other, and the dude claimed (incorrectly) that he had the right to walk in the bike lane.

Six blocks later, some absent-minded lady opened her car door into the bike lane on Massachusetts w/o checking her blind spot. Luckily, I swerved and missed the door by less than six inches.

10 blocks later on Barracks Row, a driver turned right in front of me and narrowly missed hitting me.

Point is, bicyclists are treated like garbage in this city.
The article also mentioned this.  Talk about a rough night for whoever was the victim.

>A thief also pistol-whipped and robbed a man after he passed out from a night of drinking in Shaw this past weekend, according to authorities.
What, no quote from John Townsend and AAA defending the driver? Disappointing. 
> A cyclist dodged gunfire, but took a bullet to his bicycle, in a bout of road rage in Shaw over the weekend, police said.

Makes it sound like the bicyclist was the one who had road rage, ha. Very little info on the event, but I'm sure it's enough for some ARAs (automobile rights activists) to say the bicyclist shouldn't have been riding that late, should have yielded, etc.
I'm guessing the shooter is affiliated with one of those anti-bike churches nearby?
I saw this mentioned in Time this week.  Apparently, he hit #1 in iTunes classical.  
La Plaza on Capitol Hill 
I asked this question a week or two ago and someone mentioned checking out [Open Table for Thanksgiving](http://www.opentable.com/promo.aspx?pid=1&m=9). That is the non-mobile link btw. 

I booked a reservation through it and it was pretty painless. Some places offer only a traditional meal, others offer the traditional meal or you can order off the regular menu. And to fit your criteria, City Tap House looks open and they serve booze obviously. 
There's a lot of options, but I'm very partial to the Old Ebbitt Grill. Make a reservation now unless the bar is your preference. It's usually a $35 three course meal with your choice of salad, a turkey or ham main, and one of four pies. The bars are usually quiet enough you can just walk in and sit, but if you're more than two, don't risk it and get a reservation.
Any Chinese restaurant. Hunan Gate by the Ballston metro is very good.

hill country
I have to second this sadly. 
Seasons 52 in Tysons Corner will meet your requirements
The Black Squirrel. 
[deleted]
Farmers Fishers Bakers on the waterfront in Georgetown. 

DC Reynolds has always done a free Thanksgiving dinner and I'd guess they will be doing one this year, as well. 
Go to the National Zoo and make your own meal. 
Ivy and Coney, maybe Union Pub
Ivy and Coney is a Chicago/Detroit sports dive bar. Last I was there they made $1 chicago dogs during the game. Bring cash. It'll be packed and probably standing room only. 
Top of the 5th and you're already planning tomorrow? Hope you didn't jinx it dude. Jesus. 
Ivy and coney
Ivy and Coney is the go-to spot. However, you need to show up at least 2 hours before game time to find a decent spot. It's also cash only and pretty small. There's the main bar and the back bar. The back bar doesn't have the Old Style-like beer or peanuts.

Union Pub is also a good spot to go to, lots of Cubs fans.

But really, you could pretty much go to any sports bar and there will be several Cubs fans there. There's a ton of Chicago transplants or bandwagon fans throughout the District. I've been going to Ventnor's to watch the games and always a lot of Cubs fans there.
Union Pub has a lot of Chicago fans.
Might be the bar in your hotel. Ivy & Coney is the hot spot and it will be insane.
Nelly's Sports Bar
Unless you are making hot sauce commercially or something, just go to the nearest grocery store. 

Jalapenos are $1.99/lb at Safeway, and a pound is a lot of jalapenos.  Even if you're buying several pounds it's not going to be worth it to trek across town to save 50 cents a pound.
InternatIonal market on glebe "foodway"
Best World in Mt Pleasant usually has pretty large bags of jalapeños for pretty cheap.
[Mexican Fruits](http://mexicanfruitsdc.com/) in the Florida Avenue market.
Echoing everyone else. Any Foodway or Bestway or Panam Market on 14th will have jalapenos for cheap all year round. 
Mexican market in rockville, md has lots of peppers super cheap.
Bestworld, Panam, or El Progreso.
Is giant unreasonable? The one at 9th and O area is always stocked and I don't think I have ever paid more than a dollar for them but then again I'm only buying max of 4. 
Seems like a pretty good assessment of what brought things to where they are now.
Sometimes the "Presidential Salute Battery" at Arlington Cemetery does firing practice early in the morning. I heard it too and that's what I immediately thought it might be.
  Could be construction, could be an artillery battery - this question comes up fairly regularly.   
Been hearing it for almost 30 years, always early AM, and my guess is that it's a sound cannon down at National Airport.  Lots of Airports use sound cannons to move birds from the field before operations begin. Lessens the risk of bird strikes. 
Civil war ghosts out late celebrating halloween.
Came here to see if there was anything about this. I'm in Adams Morgan /Mt Pleasant and its been going for a little while now
I've been hearing this morning in Dupont as well.
I'd be pretty interested if they haven't gone yet!
There are plenty of new apartment buildings in the Navy Yard area that would allow you to walk to work. Something to consider is whether you and your SO prefer a city life vs a suburb life. 
I'd live in the district - the commute to Navy Yard from outside D.C. would be very unpleasant. 

As some have mentioned there is a lot of development in that area so a lot of apartment options. You may also want to look at renting a townhouse. Contact some property management companies in the City to see what they have available. 
Capitol Hill is really awesome for dogs (dog parks, mostly quiet streets, etc.) and not too far from Navy Yard. 
So my assumptions first - you're working at the Navy Yard itself (not in the broader neighborhood).  

You're being responsible with your top end rent (i.e. no more than 40% of income, so you're making ballpark 90-100k or more).  

Your parents' location got cut out, but based on the user name I'm guessing they're near Richmond.  

A few comments based on that - 

1 - Granted you're renting, but unless you're definitely here for a short period, if you have a child you should at least have schools in the back of your head.  If you don't mind moving to Virginia later (or playing the private school/charter school/lottery game later in DC) so be it, but don't completely ignore that. 

To that point very generally, the best all around public schools in a close-in jurisdiction are in Arlington for what that's worth (with some exceptions of course).  And in MoCo I guess, but I don't define that as particularly close in personally, and good luck affording it.  

2 - Commute - Obviously the shortest and most consistent commute would be by foot; just be careful if that's the direction you go in avoiding an area where that's the only option (for instance, there are corners of the Hill that are a 20 minute walk or so to the Navy Yard, but could be 30-45 minutes or more by transit).  Will you want to walk when it's 20 degrees out?  Or when it's pouring rain?  Or when there's a foot of snow on the ground?  Maybe you won't mind, but just remember walking to work isn't all 75 degree gorgeous days.  
As far as otherwise, people on this sub are bound to slight NOVA, but the fact is that the commute from most parts of Arlington to the Navy Yard would be as fast or faster by car (and about the same by transit) as the commute from Chinatown or H Street/Capitol Hill NE.  You really ought to test commutes if you can.

3 - Taxes.  They're higher in DC.  At the income I assumed, you're talking a few thousand bucks a year.  Yes, Virginia has car taxes (which I assume you know about assuming you're from RVA), but the higher car insurance in DC just about eliminates any savings on that front from a cash flow perspective.

4 - Neighborhoods specifically - in DC, you might consider some areas of SW (right by the water, upriver from Fort McNair).  While other parts of SW/Buzzard Point (south of M, west of South Capitol, north of the Anacostia) are due for imminent gentrification such that they're probably some of the safest real estate bets in DC, but be careful in that until that happens, you'd have to be comfortable dealing with what comes with living in a fringy area. Also in DC, H Street corridor.  Outside of DC, anywhere near a metro station in Arlington is nice, safe, and would have a good commute (30 minutes or less along yellow and blue, 20-30 minutes from Rosslyn/Courthouse, stretching out as you go further out).  Columbia Pike and Shirlington are also current gentrification hotspots.  Very frequent/quick bus service from anywhere along Columbia Pike, as well as Shirlington Road and Campbell Avenue, to the Pentagon, at which point you jump on the train for a stop to L'Enfant.

5 - Family - I wouldn't worry too much about distance/travel time. Unless you're going to be driving down to Richmond during evening rush hour, travel time differences will be negligible.  Now, if you're going to want grandma and grandpa to come up and stay with the kids for a weekend or whatever, just be cognizant of that and what they'll be comfortable with.  You can get the coolest little apartment in Navy Yard, but if your parents refuse to drive in DC or take the Metro, that does you no good.  You can get nice single family homes in Arlington on your rent, that are accessible by car from Richmond with minimal to no "urban" driving, but are still Metro accessible for your commute.
I just moved to the District a year ago.  I chose it over VA, because traffic is a NIGHTMARE here, and I can commute or walk to work.  I'm VERY happy with this decision.  The only way to make VA that much cheaper is if you live way out there, and drive an hour (which is the drive time if you live, say i dunno...15 miles out?)
We just moved to Navy Yard and it seems super dog and family friendly. There is a ton of development over here apartment wise- our building has two bedrooms starting at 2790 right now and pet rent is an additional $50/month. Our building is Dock79- of the apartments in the area it's about ten minutes walk from the metro and 5-10 minutes to the shopping center and grocery store. 
I live in Navy Yard and really enjoy it. Based on your budget and requirements, you can easily rent here in one of the many apartment buildings. Although, like some others have pointed out, Capitol Hill is incredibly close and a lot more family friendly. 

I definitely would *not* live in Virginia and commute in. I reverse commuted this past month from Navy Yard to Tysons Corner and even that was painful. So unless you have a job that allows you to avoid rush hour completely, don't do it.
The waterfront area has some good townhouses. I would avoid apartment complexes in navy yard. You can get killer amenities and common areas but you will only be able to afford half the square footage as a townhouse.
The only reason you would go to VA is for things you dont mention in your post. Buying a house, need for land, better school options. Enjoy the opportunity to live in DC now and experience all it has to offer. You can right now.
I work at the Navy Yard, and my commute is usually around 30 minutes in and 45 minutes out living in the Mount Vernon area.
I prefer VA by a landslide, but if you want a reasonable commute and you can afford rent, definitely live in DC close-ish to your job, and Metro or bus accessible. Welcome to the area!
Navy Yard will be a long commute from VA, though I love VA.

There are some nice places in Southwest now, or so I've been told.
I agree with other comments here for the most part.  

I would cross Chinatown off the list, it kinda sucks.

Capitol Hill is more pleasant than Navy Yard/SW, will have a lot more childcare options nearby (if you need that), and a lot more people with young children. Something to consider despite the slightly longer commute. 

There's nothing wrong with Navy Yard, but many of the current residents are buyers hoping to get in now while it's cheaper in the hope it will be nicer/more expensive in the future. But as a renter you see no benefit from that. It's a little weird/stale/empty down there when there's no baseball game.
You can find a 2br apartment in the Adams Morgan/Lanier Heights area for well under your budget max. However the buildings won't be Class A units with marble countertops and brushed aluminum everything appliances. But it's a quick walk over to the Green Line which takes you down to Navy Yard in about 20 min on the Metro. And the Green Line seems to be one of the lines that least of a hot mess/doesn't catch on fire.
East Potomac Park is good.  Cant say its cheap but its indoor and temp controlled.  i thought the courtsd are alittle fast. 
YMCA near Ballston is great and cheap.
[Rock Creek Park Tennis](http://www.rockcreektennis.com/) up on 16th St and Kennedy St NW turn their courts into indoor ones.
You're gonna have to pay.
https://bikeindex.org/bikes/new?stolen=true

Bike theft is a daily occurrence here. Why anyone thinks posting to Reddit is going to help is beyond me, especially when you neglected to provide the serial number or a picture.
I feel you. My coda elite was taken from my garage last month. World gone to the dogs mate.
Define "substantive work" and "ton of experience". 

Both non profit and for profit policy shops like brookings, urban, mathematica, etc. hire data monkeys out of undergrad. That work is entry level and very competitive to get (think econ majors from the top 20% or so of their classes from to the best undergrad schools). You still need to go to grad school, but it's a valuable experience if you see yourself in that world in the long run. I can give you some tips if that's what you're looking for. 

If you want to be a principal at a place like that you need a PhD. With a masters you can get a government entry level job or be a slightly more independent data monkey. 

In the long run data analysis skills are just a first step. You need management, research design, familiarity with the policy world, grant writing, etc. 
Yes. You're going to compete for jobs against people who have their grad degrees and the same skills you do.
I would say yes you have to get a master's. I am an N of one but had a similar situation. When I moved to DC fresh out of undergrad (I/O Psych degree) I wanted to work in "data analysis" but could not get a job. I was proficient in SPSS, had worked as a research assistant in a few labs and was published also. I ended up taking a job as a legal assistant and working while I got my master's. After grad school I got a job as an analyst in less than 2 months of applying. I'm in a slightly different field but I've found its just an overly educated candidate market in this area and like others have said you are competing with people with the same skills who already have a master's.

You should keep trying but I'd probably note that any entry level data analysis job you are able to get will likely not be the independent "substantive" kind of work you are looking for. You'd have to work up to that.
An MPP will definitely help, because as others have said, the field is very competitive. Although, coming from someone who has an MPP, I would advise you to think carefully about it. Any reputable school here in DC (and most places) will charge an arm and a leg for tuition. It's a lot of money, and although I find the field to be extremely rewarding, it isn't exactly one where you are making the type of money for your degree to be worth it. If you can go about this without spending $$$$ for skills that you already have, then I would do that.
Can you describe your experience?
If you like data analysis, but don't mind being less focused on policy, there are a lot of entry level data analysis jobs in the government that definitely do not require a grad degree. Bureau of Labor Statistics, Census Bureau, and BEA are usually hiring recent grads for data analysis jobs.
The short answer is yes. Like others have said, the field is very competitive and you will be competing for jobs with people who have master's degrees. Even if you have the skills and experience, not having a master's degree is a liability in this town. I was in a similar situation when I moved to DC. I had data analysis experience, worked as an RA, wrote an honors thesis using quantitative research, etc. I thought I would be competitive in DC but it turns out I'm a dime a dozen here. In the end I ended up doing something completely different and I'm happy with my life. 

My advice to you would be to look at other jobs. Broaden your search and you will find something, even if it doesn't involve data analysis. Build some work experience, save money, and apply to grad school if you still want to stay in this field. Once you have a master's degree and work experience you will be a lot more competitive in the job market. 

Don't feel down about this. This is an extremely competitive town and a master's degree is becoming an increasingly common requirement, even for entry level positions. It sucks but it's the world we live in.
I just wrote about this yesterday for work! So, Ri Ra, Art and Soul, and Policy all have drink specials going on. Newseum has an event that day, AU has an event but it seems like it's for the younger crowd.  Town Danceboutique is the location for the HRC party and Capitol Hill Lounge for young republicans. Here's the article, if you want: http://dcrefined.com/city-living/where-to-watch-the-election-results-roll-in-on-november-8
In a bunker.
For this election? Check the bars.
At your home?
Throw your own election nerd party and invite all your election nerd friends.

Or is this one of those "I cut the cord, look at me, and now I need to watch all my TV at sports bars" situations? 
4 years ago, some friends and i watched at cap city brewing in Shirlington. Maybe the one in DC will be just as exciting.  I can't remember if we could hear the TV, though...  
Two things to keep in mind:

1)  MARC usually runs a special schedule the day before Thanksgiving so you need to wait until that's posted to see when trains are running (if it hasn't been posted already).  
2) People typically leave work early the day before Thanksgiving, so if rush hour is normally 4-7, it's more like 1-4 on that day.  

That said, you probably won't get left off a train completely, but it will probably be crowded and uncomfortable with luggage. The Wednesday before Thanksgiving is a pretty miserable day for flying out of BWI, but it's nowhere near as bad as the Sunday after. 
I did this last year. MARC was fine since my luggage was small (two carry-on sized bags), but it took a while to get from the station to the Southwest terminal. I think I had to wait in line for two shuttles to fill up before it was my turn. Security was slower than usual, but beyond that it was stressful and crowded yet uneventful. I'd give yourself at least an extra hour.
MARC will be fine.  Get your ticket ahead of time if you can find an excuse to go by Union Station to save a little bit of time.  Plan to be on the platform at least 15 minutes before departure.  

You'll get on the train.  

And that train will give you plenty of time to get to the station, get the shuttle to the terminal, get your bag checked, get through security, and have a well earned cocktail at a secure-side bar before boarding.  

I hope I don't need to point this out, but I assume you're planning on checking in online 24 hours out.  Both to get higher in the boarding queue, but also to know for sure before you head to the airport whether you got your Precheck or not.  

And check your bag with the SkyCaps.  Tip them a couple bucks.  Well worth the money.
Basing this off of my similar trip before Christmas a couple years ago, but MARC should be fine.  It might be packed but it will be fine if you get on the train about 15 minutes before departure.  
However, there could be a similar wait and transit time for the shuttle bus from MARC to the Southwest terminal.  I'd budget at least an hour from the shuttle bus picking you up at the MARC station to getting through security. You might want to go with the sky cab instead of checking your bag inside.  Security there moves fairly quickly.
You may find Home Goods useful, but they can be hit or miss sometimes depending on what they have in stock.
Salvation Army at 7505 New Hampshire Ave, Takoma Park, MD 20912
Has been a pretty good selection of furniture and wall hangings.
I second the Home Goods recommendation, but totally get that it's not that convenient. Honestly, I also find that Target can have some pretty cute and affordable home decor, plus they often have sales online. 
Depending on the type of decor youre looking for, I found Georgia Avenue Thrift Shop to be great. Tons of kitchen items. 
I've been to a couple of the Value Villages, and I've found myself a little startled at the prices for some of the home goods -- as in, not that great of a deal for what you were getting. Nothing against thrift or vintage, I just found that the selection when I went was overpriced.

Honestly, for a dollar or two more, I was able to get really nice frames from the IKEA in College Park.
The Salvation Army on Kenilworth Ave out by Cheverly is really big and has a decent amount of larger items like coffee tables, dressers, art, etc. Got a great modern solid wood table there for like $20 once.
Not sure if it's the kind of stuff your looking for but Community Forklift out near hyattsville has some awesome stuff for the DIY decorator. Requires a car though.
It's a little far/requires a car, but [Evolution Home](http://evolution-home.com/) on route 1 south of Old Town had the best selection of stuff I'd actually want to hang on my walls.
I'd spend my time at LOC rather than Archives. 

But why are you making a special trip to DC to find information on Afghan/Tajik relations? That seems odd to me. 

Incidentally, there are several good Afghan restaurants in DC. 
Did you talk to the embassies? You could also talk the the individuals on the relevant desks at state or former ambassadors if they are around. 
Off-Road is a great studio. Good instructors, and the owners are super nice people. I ride outside mostly, so I haven't been very often lately.
If you're trying various things out, I like ClassPass a lot.  I keep it specifically for spin classes now since it's $55 for 5 classes as opposed to $20+ per pop paying individually. First month is $20 and you can cancel anytime so you could try 5 different classes for that price and then switch to a studio you know you like.  A lot of places also offer first class free.

Wired Cycling is cool if you don't want to do the Soul Cycle esque type of class. I think it's locally owned.  FlyWheel and Biker Barre are also great but more along the lines of the stereotypical hip spin class. 


For places to avoid, I do not like Zengo cycle. It's extremely loud, club-like, and you spend most of the class doing pushups on the bike.
Check our Reformation in Shaw (I'm a big fan of Shafer's classes!) - you can get packages or buy by the class. I believe you can also use ClassPass for Reformation's spin and other classes too.
I really like Zengo too. A cheaper option to Soul Cycle but great for a fun and worth it work out. 
The Dailey method 
I personally am obsessed with Soul Cycle. Yes it's expensive, but if you only do it once a week or so it's not terrible. The energy in the classes is amazing, and they play really good music. I always come out feeling like I had an amazing workout. If you are looking for spin classes, I think you should try this first. 
Invest $150 in a nice used bike. Then bike on trails and around your neighborhood. Experience more scenery and fun. If you get better then upgrade to a decent bike, + $1,000. 

I don't understand how people pay $30 for a single spin class when they can do much more for their money. I can only understand paying if they are not comfortable riding an actual bike.
Congrats!  

There were a ton of great signs and great costumes.
Solid gallery, thanks for sharing. Were you able to take the photos and still "beat the bridge"?
Congratulations! And these are great photos, thanks for posting. I finished as well (2nd marathon) and I think I must have been near you from the looks of some of these familiar characters. What an awesome day!
Congrats on your first Marathon! :)
Congrats on finishing! I [photographed the marathon for work](http://dcrefined.com/city-living/gallery/the-41st-annual-marine-corps-marathon-in-photos) and if your photo is in here please PM me and I'll send you the pic for free! This goes for anyone here :)

Edit: also, /u/oxenchunk PM me if you're in here too.
I saw the thumb and said to myself "OH I HOPE IT'S A SPOOKY MONUMENT WITH LIT UP EYES" and I was not disappointed.

Excellent as always!!!
>Barmen Ben Long and Zac Hoffman use liquid nitrogen—roughly -320 degrees—to chill vintage cocktail glasses right before serving so their concoctions stay perfectly cold. 

It's not just any regular cold you could get by putting glasses in a freezer or anything - this is organic, *artisanal* cold.  
>Icelandic sheepskin chairs are the comfiest bar seats in town.

oh my god shut the fuck up.

>“It’s more about curating people, a social experiment” says Gorsuch

DC FOOD PRANK GONE WRONG (GONE SEXUAL) 2016
I like:

“We were like, ‘We have more time, let’s up the game,’” says Gorsuch. “I’m a high-end, luxury business guy, and that’s where I live. Anything else would be inauthentic.”
But honestly, how long do you think this restaurant lasts? I'll give it 18 months before it folds. And they'll be lucky to make it that long. 
It's almost impossible to assess what the value is, prior to opening. They could be doing very creative things with amazing ingredients, but we just have no idea. Having seen the inner workings of many high-end DC restaurants and bar programs, it's hard to stay afloat at that price point, and many talented chefs have closed their doors in DC trying to price their meals in that range. (Michel Richard and RJ Cooper immediately come to mind.)

That being said, there seems to be trouble in paradise prior to opening, as their executive sous chef left to take over Barrel.

http://www.washingtoncitypaper.com/food/article/20838685/the-shaw-bijou-loses-a-chef-to-barrel
When simple folk around the country talk about how DC liberals are out of touch, I feel like this is the kind of shit they're talking about.
I feel like their only chance of this succeeding was probably to open and try and get a Michelin star, right? The place is stupid expensive with a relatively unknown chef, but I feel like if they had gotten it going when the reviewers were in town and managed to grab 1-2 stars, that would at least let people feel a little vindicated in spending that much money. As is, it doesn't seem like a winning proposition
Sir,

I am Dr. Kwame, husband to the late Nigerian Head of State, Shaw Bijou. I am contacting you in view of the fact that we will be of great assistance to each other likewise developing a cordial business relationship.

I currently have the sum of forty-five million United States Dollars ($45,000,000.00) which I intended to use for investment purpose specifically in your country of Shaw Bijou restaurant .  The money came as a result of a pay-back contract deal between me and a Russian firm in our country's multi billion Dollars restaurant.The Russian partners returned my share of $45,000,000.00 USD after the death of my wife and lodged it with my brother's security company in Nigeria of which I am the Director.  Right now the new civilian government have intensified their probe on my husband's financial resources and the account and banking transactions had been suspended.  My son is facing trial and our traveling facilities had been seized temporarily.

Due to the current situation in my country concerning government attitude towards my family, it has become quite impossible for me to make use of this money within nor have freedom to travel, this, I seek your assistance to transfer this money out of the security safe urgently to enable us discuss in details about this transaction.

Bearing in mind that your assistance is needed to transfer this fund, I propose a commission of 25% of the total sum to you for the expected services and assistance.  Your urgent response is highly needed so as to stop me from seeking further contact for assistance.  All correspondence must be by direct fax number 555-5-55555 for security reasons.  I must use this opportunity to implore you to exercise the utmost indulgence to keep this matter extra-ordinary confidential whatever your decision while I await your prompt response.

Best regards.

DR.  Kwame, Nigerian Head of State, Shaw Bijou
Those pictures did nothing for me. The whole thing looks underwhelming. Can't believe this is in Shaw.
The chef is Nigerian too. Come on, man. We're supposed to have more common sense than this.
>DC collects more fines than any other city in the US 

More fines **PER CAPITA** which frankly is not at all surprising if you've seen the way u/Marylanddriver drives and parks. And then for the stats doesn't even get included in the denominator. 
And if you don't pay the fines, they go in your credit report as a Collection Action tout suite.  Working as a loan officer, I see this All. The. Time.  Same thing for driving in the Express Lanes without EZPass or empty EZPass
Of course the main picture is an Asian woman... stereotypes haha
The title is innacurate, this includes fees and forfiture revenue. Especially for DC fees are significant because it is a city, county and state government all at once so just about every one of these measures gets skewed. 

The last paragraph hints even admits part of this: "Slightly tempering Washington, D.C.’s astounding per capita collections of $226.78 is the fact that this includes county government functions as well, which average almost $10 per capita across more than 100 metro counties surveyed, thus, its city-to-city comparable collections are closer to $216." He forgot to mention the state level government fees you pay. I don't think any of the other cities include things like drivers license fees as that goes to Illinois not Chicago, for example.
Well it has legal reciprocity agreements so other than fees and sales taxes it can't tax the commuter coming in and consuming roads.
Literally the only thing the DC government can do with any competency is levy moving violations, parking fines, and install more speed cameras.
stand and deliver gov't
I mean, yeah. Literally every corner is a speed trap
I am sometimes a broken record about this, but I think renting a room at Muzette karaoke bar in AdMo is a fun activity with a group of friends that feels like a special event. 

It's not too too expensive ($65 an hour for the largest room, which isn't so bad when you divide it up), and you have the whole room to yourself to sing embarrassing songs. 
Didn't someone just ask this question last week?  
http://laboumbrunch.com/

Always a good time, but depends on how large your group is.  Defenitely not your typical restaurant experience.


If you have transportation, we just did my friends bday party at Barrel Oak Winery and it was awesome. Packed a picnic and drank lots of wine. It was really lovely. Also dog friendly so everyone brought their pups. 
Food and alcohol loving friends you say?  It's tough to give a recommendation with needs that specific, but have you considered going to a restaurant that serves drinks, or maybe even a bar that serves food? I hear those cater really well to people who enjoy food and alcohol.

Oh, and in case you and your guests also enjoy breathing, make sure to make your reservation at an above-water location.
https://www.washingtoneye.com/

I went to A Brighter Image in Dupont and enjoyed it.
I go to A Visual Affair on Connecticut Ave (extremely close to Farragut North metro stop) and I really like Dr. Bindal.
Go to For Eyes On G Street. Its like two blocks away from the Metro Center station and the doctor is great.
I see Dr. Song at Washington Eye Physicians and Surgeons and love her. I've been there 6 or 8 times in the last six months because of various eye problems and she's been great; I've been a patient there for about 5 years. Their office is about a block from the Friendship Heights Metro station.
Went to My Eye Dr at the Friendship Heights stop -- right across the street from Whole Foods. They were perfectly nice.
I can tell you to AVOID Classic Optical Center on 19th/L.  They're terrible.  
Dr. Stephen Glasser. He's right around Farragut. Best eye doctor I've been to in years, and I have a lot of complex eye issues. 
GW Medical Faculty Associates
Nations, stop by Commander Salamander for your 90's dayglo and punk gear.
One time I heard above and beyond at IKEA but that doesn't count. I usually play trance on my commute to work and sometimes at work; ah.fm :)
Echostage generally covers big room trance aka popDM/ broDM.  Soundcheck is owned by the same group (Glow) will have smaller crowds and generally do trance on thursdays (Cosmic Gate is next wk!). Element/ Synthesis DC has been throwing some great trance shows with artists at various locations, most recently at U St Music Hall (Menno de Jong is the next show in Dec!). Fo Sho has been booking some trance artists as well but they have been booking other styles of (more bass heavy) EDM as well  (Andy Moor is coming mid November!) , mainly playing at Eden. Double check Badass raves, Jimmy Valentines and TranceFamilyDC (meetup or fb) for additional trance shows... Hope this helps!! :)
You're my people. Trust me there's none here. Once and a while element brings in someone from mid 2ks to come close to appeasing us, but no one is bringing who we want. LST night this frustrated me to the point of finally getting serious about throwing a weekly. Your post is encouraging. I'll try to report back asap
Echostage gets guys like Armin and Cosmic Gate, and Soundcheck occasionally gets a trance act such as Aly & Fila. Sounds like you're looking for more old school trance and not necessarily by someone well known, but these are the only places I know of where you might be able to catch some trance at all.
Commenting to come back 
All your trance classic sets:
https://soundcloud.com/rave_on
Join TFDC and follow Synthesis on Facebook for trance events. We typically have monthly trance events at U Street Music Hall. Occasionally we'll have happy hours where a bunch of us local DJs play trance. But, there hasn't been any artists playing solely classic trance. A few artists (Ferry Tayle, Neptune Project) played some classic trance when they were here last year, but no artists within the past few months really have. There has, however, been some specific expressed interest in booking a classic trance DJ.
More of a Deep House guy myself.  Flash sometimes or check https://www.residentadvisor.net/events.aspx?ai=22
Isn't what they play at Jimmy Valentino considered trance? 
After seeing her photos from past couples' shoots and an event I was at, my fiance and I did our engagement photos with Alicia Griffin: [http://www.aliciagriffin.com/](http://www.aliciagriffin.com/). Reasonably priced and we loved working with her and the resulting photos.

Her website's a bit out of date, but you can see more photos on her  [Facebook](http://www.aliciagriffin.com/) and [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/aliciagriffin/) pages.

On a related note, if you're planning on taking photos around any of the landmarks in DC (e.g. US Capitol, the Monuments, etc.), make sure you get the proper permitting! I'm not sure about NPS, but the US Capitol Police require 10 business days to process.
Hi there- 

I just wanted to throw my name in for consideration. Feel free to PM me for more details/price quote or if you have any other questions... even if it ends up not being related to photography (food recommendations, etc). 

The site is best viewed on a desktop (working on it, though): http://www.majrphotography.com/
You can check out my website at
http://www.jaysfineartphotography.com/
I have affordable rates. 
http://robertchicoine.com/

Hands down. 

I'm a photographer in NH and admire his work, style and ethic deeply. 
I'm interested! I offer sessions at a reasonable rate.

www.belloimage.com 
check out http://amyandhyattstudio.com/. let them know hungervoice sent you.
Devon is amazing. I highly recommend. 

http://devonrowlandphotography.com/
Another very highly recommended photographer:

http://kir2ben.com/

Very professional and for a great price. She's shot a couple of my friends and they all really liked her work.
Air bnb for a cheap room?
You should try Couchsurfing and see if someone will let you crash at their place for free. It's not super popular here so it's no guarantee. 
You can also look at hostels
If all else fails PM me and you can crash on my couch for free. 

I will warn you that I have a large dog who hates strangers so it's definitely not an ideal situation, but if you get desperate and need a last resort the offer's on the table.  
They didn't examine it in the article, but I'd be interested to know how much of the depression in wages for the MSA is due to actual wage depression of existing jobs vs an influx of lower-income residents.

I.E. Is anyone's paycheck actually going down in real terms, or is the average just being pulled?
It's strange that the conclusion they reached wasn't "the rest of the nation is catching up to DC in terms of recovery because the recession didn't hit as hard there," but "things are getting soooooo bad there!" 
They have a good twitter account, but I'm not sure this feature is starting off with a bang...just a shrug.
[Hong Kong Pearl](https://www.washingtonpost.com/goingoutguide/hong-kong-pearl-seafood-dim-sum-for-the-hardcore-crowd/2014/08/21/0faf6aa6-2273-11e4-86ca-6f03cbd15c1a_story.html) is some of the most consistent I've had in the area. More options than Oriental East, better cart game than Mark's Duck House, and tastier than China Garden. 
Mark's duck house - most staff speak Cantonese and mandarin. not sure if it's truly HK style dimsum... or Hong Kong Pearl Seafood Restaurant both near seven corners
China Garden
Fortune, in Seven Corners. I don't know about during the week, but they do dim sum on the weekends. 
China Garden in Rosslyn. Got taken there by a Chinese girl, and as someone who lived in China for two years I can say it's legit. 
Well the impact was definitely felt this morning. I've never seen Van Ness station more crowded and trains were already completely full by the time they got there.
25 days is a long time to tell people to be patient, but what are you gonna do? 

Our office is allowing some telecommuting, but also allowing people to front load hours, so they can come in very early and leave very late M-Th to avoid the rush hours and take Friday off. 

Anything the companies can do to help folks out would be nice. 

And if DC could not be a dick about people parking in the same spot for more than 2 hours, as long as they're paying, that might help.
Makes me happy to be on the shady grove side of the red line
Forrest Glen rider here. Got to the station after 8am, good commute. Switched trains at Fort Totten without a problem. Gallery Place was a bit of a wait but still caught the first train there, although it was more full than usual. Debating 20 minute walk to/from Mt Vernon Square station instead of dealing with Metro Center or Farragut North.
I think the scariest part of this is that they are basically saying it's going to fucked up based just on surge activities. 

Now, how about the days when, during surge, the Red line is fucked up for the various other reasons it is always fucked up? The fuck ups will be 50x worse than usual. 
Rush Hour is going to be a beast

Ugh just got back to brookland. Took shuttle from Noma. It took the shuttle 45 minutes to go from Noma to Rhode Island to Brookland. Probably going to be ubering for the next 3 weeks
WMATA is a case study in institutional failure caused by a combination of neglect, complacency, lack of funding, political grandstanding, "not my problem"-ism and just plain bad luck.  

I honestly think solving it's issues should be the #1 priority for local politicians but oh man, is it going to be annoying to solve.  Even looking at things now, they're trying to stop killing people by investing more in maintenance but:

* a) the work culture is garbage so a lot of time work gets listed as done but it isn't

* b) management culture is garbage so they'll make unrealistic deadlines and expectations causing the workers to falsify stuff in a)

* c) the public is furious that service is going to hell because of this so they stop riding which causes

* d) less people ride so there is less revenue and thus less money to spend fixing stuff, so now they have to cue a new round of service cuts leading us back to c)

And this is just to stop killing people due to maintenance neglect.  It's not going to be easier when we're talking about issues that aren't in clear "don't do this" areas.

I'm hesitant to give the green-light for dedicated funding for WMATA given its institutional problems, but we need some solutions or it's going to destroy the city.  When you are so dependent on public transit and it fails, the city is going to have extreme problems.
bus arrival predictions have pretty much universally sucked since metro switched from nextbus to buseta this past spring
This happens a lot because not all buses are in the system when they're running.  So the bus that said it was 15 minutes away was probably still coming, but there was a bus before it that just wasn't in the system, so it wasn't registering on the next bus thing.  I know this always happens with those buses that run with the "NOT IN SERVICE" lit up, but then you see people riding it so they actually are in service.  Those buses often don't show up on the app or the bus stop arrival times. Many times I actually look at the schedule, and if a bus is SCHEDULED to arrive in a short time, I'll take the time and wait for it, even if it's not on the nextbus thing, and many times it does indeed arrive.
The first bus was a ghost bus.  It's GPS wasn't reporting in.

When you see a big gap on the S2, X2 or 80, it's likelay a ghost.
tl;dr version:  WMATA is the Murphy's law of public transit
So I got up early today to get into the city early and get some needed work done and the bus didn't come for an hour and a half so I ended up leaving when I usually go. I don't understand how this is even possible 
[It does appear to be NYC.](http://www.loc.gov/pictures/item/98518535/)
Are you sure this isn't for NYC? Central Park has a section called "the mall", and that is usually where all of the roller bladers/skaters hang out.
I'm sorry but that pumpkin head is way too hilarious. 
Nice. Was out having a cigar walking down Adams Mill Road when that front hit. Got soaked, but saved the cigar.
r/earthporn would like this
Love this!  Amazing shot of our local National Park!  So beautiful, /u/pancakeNate 
Great shot and feel to the pic!
Jaw droppingly beautiful. What camera did you use to take this image. 
I was ready to freak out when I got to Silver Spring and saw [this sign](https://imgur.com/gallery/HAX8A) but a train came within 3-4 minutes and I transferred at Fort Totten to get to L'Enfant.  Green line train was super crowded but I was only 5 minutes later than usual.  If this continues, I'll be fine.

For me, the highlight of the morning was this poor confused woman from South Africa who had never even seen a subway before and was completely thrown by safetrack.  So many people stepped up to give her directions and walk with her where she needed to go, it was lovely.
I planned excessively, pored over every detail to truly optimize my commuting experience. I factored in wait times, lacks of faith in certain stations, whether or not people would be taking the bus at 7am, etc. . My alarm was set early - I didn't even need coffee because I was so ready to tackle today and show the world that safetrack meant nothing. 

And then I took the wrong bus and rode the J4 for a full loop because metro had the wrong fucking bus station listed online. 
I'm not sure about the people saying that it was no big deal, but at Cleveland Park around rush hour it was so bad that multiple full trains went by with nobody getting on.
It took me 45 minutes to get to work today when it normally takes me 20-25. Trains were every 8 minutes or so but the trains were too packed to get on. Between Dupont and Farragut North the train stopped and the recording said "this train is now out of service. Please exit the train." followed by the conductor saying "please disregard that. Wrong message." lol 
The shuttle from fort Totten to noma took 52 minutes.
I figured I'd try it on day 1, but I think I'll just switch to my original plan of biking in everyday...
Why doesn't WMATA exclusively run 8 car trains on the SafeTrack lines?

Are they giving up on us complete during the next month?
I'm at Cleveland park and trains are every 12 minutes during rush hour and they are full when they get here, so pretty bad. 
[This is what it looked like 30 min. ago](http://imgur.com/a/eY8qc)

Gallery Place going towards Shady Grove.
It's bad right now at Gallery place. No schedule on the board and about 6 trains have dropped people who need to transfer. Looking forward to the next month!!!!
No problem at all. Waited about 4 mins for a train and jumped on. Tho to be fair, my red line experience is metro center to judiciary sq.
GR/YL platform at Fort Totten was packed when I tried to get on around 7:30 this morning. There were trains coming every 6 minutes, but all 6 car trains on the display. I wound up abandoning that plan and taking my backup-backup route on the 80 (I usually got Fort Totten>Metro Center>Rosslyn). In the end my typically 50 minute commute took about 2 hours. If I had gotten on the 80 near my house I could've shaved maybe 15 minutes off that. Not sure what to do tomorrow - a co-worker who lives in Takoma said traffic was worse than usual. Might try shifting my schedule earlier to see if that helps with the GR/YL option.
Really bad. And they don't even run extra buses. Its going to be a disaster all month.
Looks like a lot more people are [using the shuttles than other surges](https://twitter.com/MartinDiCaro/status/793042962989084672). Seeing on Twitter than NoMa is pretty crowded.
well, that deteriorated quickly. :-\

Traffic to Twinbrook was lighter than usual; had to wait about 3 mins for an 8 car train that was already SRO but not crush; got worse down the line, with a lot of ppl being left on the platform at Grosvenor and every subsequent stop.  Couldn't get his doors closed at Dupont so that took about 6 mins; if he had gone out of service i would have just walked down to Metro Ctr.  But he finally got his doors closed and i got off at MC. Platforms jammed,  25 mins late for work.

i'm thinking of maybe going to Glenmont tomorrow and trying the transfer-at-Totten thing.
I'm not sure if what happened to me was because of SafeTrack or an entirely different issue but I was at Shady Grove at 8:00 a.m. and I didn't get on a train until 8:30. There were two trains that came into the platform that went out of service. So.. very crowded going into the city and we sat at DuPont for about 6 minutes because they couldn't get the doors shut. 
Took the shuttle from NOMA to Fort Totten like WAMATA recommended. The shuttle was originally only going to add 30 minutes to my commute, which is originally only 30 minutes. My trip took me an hour and half to get to work this morning from Woodley Park to Silver Spring. I was panicking inside when I realized the safetrack is really adding an hour to my commute.

Tomorrow I'm going to catch the Circulator McPherson Square bus to 16th, then transfer there to the S line towards Silver Spring. That would only be an hour commute. 
At Bethesda trying to go to DuPont and trains are slow and packed. It's terrible 
Waited 6 min at Cleveland Park around 7:40 am and fit on the first train. It was crowded, but I've seen worse on regular mornings. Not confident, however, that tomorrow-Thursday will be as easy.
I need to go from union station to Dupont. My metro and bus app is only showing times for trains headed to Noma but none for the shady grove direction. Are there no trains going that way or do you think the app is not reliable?
I'm a reverse commuter (Woodley-> Twinbrook) and everything seemed normal. Trains at about the same spacing they normally are. Trains the other direction were packed and it seemed like people were left on the station unable to get in. This isn't completely uncommon however.
I hope the afternoon rush hour will be a walk in the park from DuPont to twin Brook
Got to Dupont as train was arriving. Got in, had 2 seats to myself. Got to Rockville in about 25min. Flawless. Probably jinxing myself for the rest of this week though.
I go from Union Station to Bethesda and it was fine, if not better than usual because it was easy to get a seat.
I commute from Columbia Heights to Gallery Place, and was expecting WAY over-crowded trains.

Just missed a train around 8:40am, but the next one came in about 2 minutes, and was **only half full** (pretty much like usual).

Maybe everyone left early in case there were problems? -- but I was pretty shocked at how UN-crowded the Green/Yellow Line was this morning.

It looked like the Red Line at Gallery Place was pretty swamped at 9am on the Shady Grove side, but no more than is often the case around that time.  (Bad, sure, but it's like that half the time then anyway.)

My wife was prepared to walk from Gallery Place to Union Station, but she said she got right on a Red Line train around 8am, with no problems.
For me it's been pretty slow between Medical Center and Bethesda, but otherwise it's fine. 
Way home was no problem; got on at gallery in hopes of getting a seat; only had to wait about two mins for a half full train to pull in.  SRO after metro ctr, crush load after dupont.  A few holds for headways, but almost a normal ride.
My Cleveland Park to Farragut North commute at 8:45 am involved 5 trains passing by with no room to get on, before I gave up and took Uberpool. Evening commute was no problem.

What was people's experience on the L2 bus this morning? I drove past one in the Uber, and it looked full, but certainly not butt to gut full like the metro was. 
Not too bad.  I took the Red Line to Fort Totten, rode the YL/GL down to Gallery Place, then got out and walked to Farragut Square.  I attempted to get back on the red line but the Shady Grove platform at Gallery Place was packed.  Glad I decided to walk. 
I couldn't begin to guess what street this is.

Didn't Georgetown have a streetcar or trolley at one point?
Yesterdayl in the evening felt very Halloweeny with the wind and the darkness from the clouds
I didn't know Senator Paul Ryan was already back in town after recess...
Do their projections factor in the decrease in ridership due to the shitty service? 

I think it should be required that every executive at WMATA be forced to actually ride the metro to work every day.  Only then will the issues maybe begin to be resolved. 
At this point, they need to go the Chicago/CTA Route

West Falls Church to Ballston: 4 months
Silver Spring to NoMa: 6 months
New Carrollton to Minnesota Ave: 4 months
King St to Pentagon City: 6 months
Branch Ave to Anacostia: 6 months

And whereever else they need work. Done right, and barring the unforeseeable, the work should last decades and they can focus on important things
I wish these pieces of shit (as far as Metro is concerned) Larry Hogan and Terry McAullife would stop posturing as if they care, and actually help Metro out. [A little over two weeks ago, this happened.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/trafficandcommuting/a-1-cent-regional-sales-tax-for-metro-top-leaders-are-told-it-would-cover-the-need/2016/10/12/134e79a8-8f23-11e6-a6a3-d50061aa9fae_story.html) Larry and Terry dragged their feet on a one-penny-per-sale tax that would generate **FIVE HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS PER YEAR.**

Yes that is a substantial investment, however it is absolutely worth it. It is also easier for everyone to swallow than *1,000 layoffs, fare hikes, and worsened wait times. The economic value of Metro simply cannot be understated, and if all it takes is a penny per sale, I'll flick pennies at Metro all day. It's just not breaking any one's back to do this.

Instead, we have idiots posturing to curry favor and toe the party line, while negligently harming the economic interests of individuals and their own states. Do they not understand that Metro is a critical cog in the infrastructure of this entire area?

Muriel Bowser seems to be the only serious person in the room. She seems to understand that Metro has persistently faced a (worsening) funding gap and that in order to avoid death-spiral symptoms, and it needs to be addressed head-on. The benefits are too valuable to lose to attrition.

I think the current GM is serious about fixing Metro, and if anything he tries is going to work -- and work well -- he needs our leaders buying-in 100%. Foot-dragging fulfills doomsday predictions by making the worst inevitable.

**Edit:** Holy fuckfarts, Batman -- does anyone read the article?

The first sentence of the first paragraph:
>A new, 1-cent regionwide sales tax would cover Metro’s long-term funding needs, according to a private presentation Wednesday to the Washington region’s top three elected officials.
I suspect Wiedefeld wants to replace a lot of the union workers with private contractors, and it is easier to lay people off due to a budget crisis than due to you simply wanting to replace them. It makes sense that he would want to replace them considering the cost savings and the fact that he already has to have private contractors check and redo the work of union track inspectors.
1,000 is nowhere near enough. We need to fire nearly everyone in the entire system. The whole place is corrupt to the core.
Metro needs more money, and we will have to pay up. Service cuts are going to make things worse.
What the fuck. Why do bus riders get stuck with the biggest increase? everything else is .10 while the bus gets .25? This is straight bullshit. 

The other scandal is that none of this "Safe Track" work is actually fixing the biggest and most expensive Metrorail problem -- the poorly-designed and inadequate electrical system. This will cost BILLIONS more to fix, and until it's fixed, Metro will never be able to run all eight-car trains or have reliable service without the constant risk of fires from "arc-ing."
Virginia State Legislators - bunch of goddamn Foghorn Leghorn-sounding motherfuckers who come from useless little pissant villages where there's nothing to do at night except shoot rats at the fucking dump!

Northern VA (and Montgomery and PG) should have been made part of DC in 1940; had that happened we'd have a decent subway system by now, you betcha.
 #shutitdown #fireeveryone #startover
Sooner or later Wiedefeld is going to get to a point where he goes full Madagascar on Metro and shuts down everything in the system to get shit done.
Just so long as they fire the right people I'll be ok. Fire the guys who run the red stop lights. Fire the station managers who sleep on the job. Fire the station managers who watch tracks explode at L'Enfant and then carry on like nothing happened. Fire the employees that didn't know how to run the ventilation system when a train caught on fire, leading to a woman dying of smoke inhalation. Fire the people at the main control center who don't write down any of their knowledge into SOP manuals, because not doing so makes them indispensable, thus protecting their jobs. Fire the people who "inspect" the track lines in falls church but forge their documents to make it look like things aren't fucked up. 

If those people are in the 1,000 laid off, I'll be happy. And break up the metro union while you're at it; it just protects the worst apples. 
Back in 2000-ish, you felt like DC was a city where you could get by without a car, but you really need a car. Then things changed with the Circulator and Silver Line and bikeshare. Now, once again, you feel like you really need a car in DC, if you want to be fully engaged in the life of the entire region. 

It's all pretty tragic. 
Wiedefeld has an impossible job, so its not a surprise that he is fucking up.  In my view his core mistake has been broadcasting the message that "Safety Trumps Service".  Treating customers and taxpayers like shit has consequences.  They don't want to pay new taxes to an institution that is so indifferent to reliability that it borders on open hostility towards its customers.  I'd be happy to pay more taxes to support better service, but I can understand why there are a lot of people who don't agree.
BUT WE CAN PUT A DRIVER ON THE RAILBUS.... STREET CAR
It's time to privatize Metro. Let it be run as a business. 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ogBCObZS514
Beta is very good for learning BJJ or Muay Thai. They have good instructors and have lots of classes at different levels and at different times. It is pricey (I think like 200 a month for unlimited classes) and I don't remember any signup fee. 

I'm in the same boat for being stuck in the city. It sucks because there are some really good gyms in Virginia that are inaccessible without a car.
Please let me know what you end up doing - i came to /r/washingtondc today SPECIFICALLY to see what options I have for a decent fighting gym in/near columbia heights.
Beta Academy is a legit combat sports gym. It might be more expensive but I'd say you're paying for quality.  Beta Academy will be more to your liking if you're serious about learning fighting skills and can take getting a bit bruised up in the process.  The Krav Maga gym may be more to your liking if you're more interested in general fitness with less physical contact.  You'll find more women and wider age ranges at a Krav Maga gym because of that.
I've sparred with guys from Beta and they are very good.  I'd encourage you to try BJJ and see if you like it... I'm completely addicted. 
I have friends that train at Beta Academy and briefly tried it out myself.  BJJ wasn't for me, but my friends have nothing but positive things to say about it, and maybe in another life, I could see myself going forward with it.

On a side note, it kind of sucks that the DC area doesn't have any Gracie Barra or 10th Planet locations.
Try BJJ, it's worth it. I would recommend Lineage but it's a little far up North (Rockville). If you're going that far might as well try 50/50 (Falls Church VA). There's the Rock as well in that area. All are pretty good. 
If it's actually just Krav Maga...just do cardio ffs (Krav Maga boils down to keep moving, keep fighting, and react quickly...it's not exactly rocket science - /Online Ninja). 
I can't believe this is even a question. 

Win, lose or draw, the only place worth going to watch election returns in DC will be the Trump Hotel. Seriously. Get a John Willett and a porterhouse, kick back and watch the fun unfold.
I'm going to see Henry Rollins do a spoken word show at the Lincoln on election night. There's nowhere else I'd rather be.
Turtles aren't expensive. It's the tank, heating lamp, etc. that will be expensive. 
Great Wall in Merrifield.
The Humane Rescue Alliance (formerly Washington Humane Society) has a lot of turtles up for adoption at their NY Ave location!  Give them a call: (202) 727 – 7369 or (202) 727 – 5494
I found a turtle when I was little and after a few days my parents made me put him back in the wild. I decided to spray paint him first so I would know it was him if he came back. He came back a few months later with some huge lump on his head. Pretty sure I gave him cancer or something. 

Do not spray paint your turtle. 
The reason humane society has a lot of turtles is because they require a lot of specialized care and have very long life expectancies. Most turtles end up dying from poor care, or being "released" into the wild but witless owners where they are unprepared to survive.

If you actually like turtles I would refrain from getting one and appreciate them in nature. You could donate your 10$ to the Nature Conservancy or something.

If you have a sadistic desire to torture animals by keeping them in small cages, I guess get a turtle, but that's fucked up.
They usually have some turtles:

http://www.montgomerycountymd.gov/animalservices/adoption/small.html

Apparently a lot of people like turtles but a major reason for there being a lot less of them was people who didn't know anything about them taking them home.

I don't know of a single person who kept one if those turtles for the long term
What do you know about how to faks care of them? Also what specific turtle are you looking for and how much money can you budget each month for its care?
Try posting on r/aquaswap too
Have you raised a turtle before? The equipment can get expensive. My girlfriend has a red-eared slider, a type of acquatic turtle that's a popular pet. You have to get a filter for the water or it will stink to high heaven after a couple days. Not just any filter will do either. You need a hardcore one built specifically for reptiles. Even the cheaper reptile specific ones will clog and break pretty quick. My girlfriend went through like six filters until finding Fluval's, which has been going strong for two years, but also cost a fortune. You also have to change its filter cartridges all the time, which gets expensive. And you also have to change the turtle's water about one every three weeks, which is a huge pain and gross as hell. Turtles are dirty creatures so you have to be very careful not to touch anything if you have turtle water on your hands or there's a good chance you'll get sick. Other than that though he's pretty easy to take care of. Basically just turn on his heat lamp in the morning and give him a pinch of food. Mostly the price that would keep me away. 
Here are the details! Everyone is welcome.
It's at Bossa Bistro at 7pm.
Ryan Harvey is the opening act.

https://www.facebook.com/events/https://www.facebook.com/events/1103299483098985/??ti=ia
So how exactly is this "for Syria"? Genuine question. I see "the band’s earnings contribute aid to Syrian refugees" but that's a bit nebulous. 
Stuff near the hill can be interesting -- for most folks election night is a big deal, for a lot of those folks election night is a bit more important, especially on the house side when everyone's job is on the line. 

When obama won the last two there were massive street parties up at 14th and U but I would not expect that this go round, except perhaps as a "omg we survived trump" sort of thing.
It's a normal day. Bars might be a bit more crowded than a normal Tuesday night. 
The bar at the new Trump Hotel could be an interesting place to watch the election results.
Harris Teeter in the refrigerated produce section (where they keep cut watermelon and cut pineapple)
Well, if they catch one and get them to Rat the other out, they may just Splinter...
When they catch the skeleton and ask about his involvement, he'll say he was "part of it!"
Well, once they catch the turtle, he'll just get put into the slap-on-the-wrist juvie system.
Mr. Skeltal? 2spooky? 
arlington, alexandria, friendship heights, bethesda, silver spring are all close enough and safe.
>they have no reasonably priced rooms left due to the elections coming up

They may be booked up but the election is not the reason. More likely they are short on rooms due to... a big conference at the hotel. 
What is "reasonably priced" to you?

The [Omni Shoreham](https://www.omnihotels.com/hotels/washington-dc-shoreham) is across the street from the Wardman Park and has rooms available from $160/night.
> Hello, my wife and her co worker have to attend a business conference in the Marriott at Wardman Park but they have no reasonably priced rooms left due to the elections coming up.

So people are coming in from out of town to....vote?
Also try an airbnb nearby.  Cleveland Park, dupont circle, woodley park, adams morgan, and van ness are all close and very safe.  
The Mall of America is in Minnesota. The National Mall is in DC. 

Yes, everything will be open on its usual schedule. 
Of note, to the White House point, I would probably recommend going to the area of the White House on the evening of the 8th.  Assuming that the person whom most of DC hopes will win does indeed win, if it's anything like 2012, there will be a HUGE party in the streets.


"mall of america" 😂

also, standard "The Smithsonian is a group of multiple different museums" response. You're not going to see them all, especially not in two days. 
As far as i know they are open as normal
You can observe the white House from a distance. It's a little harder to get a tour, if that's what you have in mind.
Everything will be open and election day is not a huge event here. The candidates vote in their home precinct which is around NYC and that's where both candidates will be on Election night as well. 

People may gather on the streets late if the results come out but that's hard to predict. 
Everything should be open as normal -- enjoy. Be aware that some of the museums now have extra security and the queues can be quite long.
Just stay in a hotel with a gym. Tons of hotels have gyms with free access for guests. 
I have guest passes for Washington Sports Club. They have locations all over the city. Hit me up if you're interested.  


You can get a one month subscription to a Washington Sports Club for $39.99 or so. Looks like they prorate it based on the number of days left in the month, too. So if you join on November 15th and get a one month month-to-month membership, you would pay half of the normal amount.

Maybe you could email a gym and explain your situation and see if they could offer you a deal.
I think the Washington Sports Clubs let you pay per visit too. I think the one in Columbia Heights (which is nice, has a pool and stuff) is $16 for a visit, maybe other locations it's less.
Anyone else read that as date rape ?
And that is why people hate halloween bar crawls. The human garbage that show up treat the neighborhood like their personal trassh can. 
>I get that trash cans overflowed pretty quickly and there should have been contingency waste management last night

This really compounds it. I never litter but if I'm at a place where I can't get to a trashcan and I see that it's piled up, the best I can really do is smash it down a little, re-organize the bag if I can and set it on top and hope someone with a trashbag comes along to clean it up. But if there isn't trash removal and the cans are overflowing, I really can't blame drunk idiots for making it worse in their inebriated and careless states. 
I walked by the brewer'a castle today and observed a drunken decision: an open box of what had been a dozen Krispy Kreme's, now about four or five untouched just sitting on top of the garbage can. 

Might tempting, mighty tempting. I kept waking. 
People suck. It's bad enough on a typical Sunday morning in places like U Street or Adams Morgan. 
Anyone have any pics?
Newsflash, people are selfish and litter. Drunks can be even worse. 
Think how pleased it made all the rats though!
Sounds like it was quite the party.
Thank God we have Golden Triangle from keeping us from looking like post-New Years celebration in Times Square
Surprisingly H Street wasn't bad at all this morning. 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=tUjonmBkKDs
I don't even think of that as a major party block
You think this is bad you should wait till summer and view all the trash from the events an protest on the lawn. My favorite was the Earth day rally that left tons of litter and garbage all over the Smithsonian grounds.
Videos in this thread:

[Watch Playlist &#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r5a64nh?feature=playlist&nline=1)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[Seinfeld - That's Garbage](https://youtube.com/watch?v=KKC5jjFkfgo)|[5](https://reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/5a64nh/_/d9e5ynt?context=10#d9e5ynt) -  
[NYC Sanitation Times Square Cleanup](https://youtube.com/watch?v=vw27iwZr-f4)|[3](https://reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/5a64nh/_/d9ebk3y?context=10#d9ebk3y) - If this was Times Sq on New Years it would've been completely cleaned up by 8 am this morning.  
[Louis Jordan - 65 Bars](https://youtube.com/watch?v=tUjonmBkKDs)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/5a64nh/_/d9ek7fv?context=10#d9ek7fv) -  
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Play All](http://subtletv.com/_r5a64nh?feature=playlist&ftrlnk=1) | [Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | Get it on [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf) / [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/mentioned-videos-for-reddit)
I might. Just not sure where I'm going to go or if my friends are going to want to since it's a Monday. 
If any one knows of anything I'm also considering going out
Do people go out on Monday Halloweens? Or did they just go out Friday/Sat?
I was trying to see if this thread would figure that out, but no dice 
Not me
I say I'm interested every tine...but nothing happens.../interested
I've been wanting to try playing D&D for sometime, but have never had a group of people to actually play with! I live in NW and would love to join in.

Sounds fun. Sign me up.
Tuesdays, you say? I could be persuaded...
i'm interested!
I have only played a couple of sessions but I'm very interested :D, are you guys playing this Tuesday?
Tuesdays are hard! (Well, especially at that time). If you end up with non Tuesdays, I'd be down (or if enough people comment here and want to branch out...)
I would like to join! I'm new here ~~and I need friends~~ and I recently set up my place in Columbia Heights. 
I'm so down, never played before. I live in Columbia heights, mark me as interested.
Hey, I know this is 20 days late, but my husband and I just lost our Tuesday night game and are looking for a new group. We can't DM, but are enthusiastic players. PM me if there's any room.
8 minute headways during peak hours is a terrible idea. Many trains are already packed to capacity during peak hours, especially on the Red Line.



>Forecasting ridership that is down more than 20 percent from 2009 levels, rail service would be reduced, making trains less frequent during peak and off-peak travel times


Ridership is down because of poor service. Less frequent trains will make the problem worse.
Sounds like the Metro death spiral people feared is coming true. They need to raise fares and cut service because ridership is drastically down. This in turn is going to cause more riders to use other means of transit. This will cause a need for higher fares and more service cuts. Repeat.
Well. I knew this was coming. I'd like to see what "inefficient" bus routes get selected for cancellation, that could prove to be as big a debacle as the late night service cuts.
>For bus riders, one-way local bus fares would increase from $1.75 -- among the lowest nationally -- to $2.00.

for anyone who doesn't want to RTFA

[Here's the official press release from WMATA.](http://www.wmata.com/about_metro/news/PressReleaseDetail.cfm?ReleaseID=6182)
A Sunday morning press release? Really?

We can certainly stand to shed many more management positions. In the very small department I work for, I have a manager, a director, a managing director, and chief over me. Many of the front line departments have excessive assistant superintendent positions that didn't exist a few years ago. IMO, this top heavy management is not only incredibly wasteful but also serves as an effective mechanism to reduce accountability.  

All of the service cuts are very concerning, but what has not been pointed out so far in this thread is the impact of the off-peak cuts. The public might *almost* be able to stomach the reductions *if* the reliability of the rail cars and signal system were such that train arrivals could actually be counted on. If a train were to be taken out of service with 15 minute headways, that service gap jumps to a minimum of 30 minutes. That's huge. 

The only thing I partially agree with is raising bus fares. I believe there's plenty of revenue to be generated here, particularly as riders will shift to buses should rail service actually wind up getting cut. But I'll continue to beat my drum demanding free rides for individuals and families currently receiving any entitlement (food stamps, unemployment, WIC, etc).  Any fare increase must shield low income riders from having to pay more.
Im a lot more concerned about 8 minute headways during rush hour

While there are ways to contain costs at thid point so much maintenance beck log makes need for$ inevitable. Im OK if some Comes out of my pocket instead of just increased jurisdiction funding (which is not fast coming anyway)

Bigger issue: proposal sense to be about treading water, all of these changes without clear plan for improvement is s rough  sell
Get rid of the "peak fares" concept entirely. It is absurd for a rail system to have such a thing. Basically raise the current off-peak fares to the current peak, and keep the current peak fares as is. Then just eliminate the concept entirely in the metro-rail system. It would not resolve things entirely, but it would get rid of a layer of confusion in the system. Anything outside of this for this year is kind of absurd, and don't even discuss cutting service right now, especially headways. This particular approach would upset the least amount of people with regards to metro rail, especially if the elimination of peak/off peak fare system is gone for good. People will be more likely to accept the change because there was always something fundamentally broken about the entire peak/off peak thing. Surge pricing is good for automobile tollways, but wrong for public transit. Raising the bus fares may be okay to make it an even two dollars. 
After reading this again, I'm convincing this is the finality of designing a metro system that wasn't just for DC. 

Still, having lived elsewhere, this will put bus fares on par or lower with other major transit systems. It'll be slightly more expensive than Baltimore, cheaper than Seattle, Chicago and NYC (and maybe Boston).

Maybe now that fares are $2 they can finally ease up on the ridiculous pricing for the B30/5A. Seriously, it should not be cheaper for me to get from Union to BWI on MARC than on Metro or even come within striking distance of the cost for an Amtrak ticket between the same points
Privatize. It's clear the government has failed. When will we finally admit this instead of posting 5 articles a day about solutions? 
But will the charge for on fire passes remain the same?  That's the important question
You people are doing gods work.
Good stuff 
Ha ha! :-)
The Board of Elections has a somewhat hidden list here: https://www.dcboee.org/popup.asp?url=/pdf_files/nr_1886.pdf

You can only vote for your own Single Member District commissioner. Greater Greater Washington has endorsements in most contested races as well as questionnaires for many of the commissioners here: http://greatergreaterwashington.org/doc/anc2016

Thanks for voting for ANC! These races really are often decided by one vote.
Did they check the sewers?
No clown? I'm disappointed.
It's not the Silver Line's fault. It goes back much further than that with issues really coming out in the open during the 2009 Red Line crash. 
I mean, the silver line ain't that old, man.... metro has been sucking for a while now
I moved here 10 years ago. I definitely remember in my first couple years here there being issues with fires on the metro. I remember being unable to get a train from Foggy Bottom to McPherson Square because a fire at Metro Center meant the trains would only run outbound.
I 'member!
I' member.  Metro should not have expanded to the silver line if it wasn't able to solve the problems it already had. 

Those folks out there were already commuting via car and they could continue to so as needed.

I wonder if he started the practice of factories in all 13 colonies making parts for an obsolete ship or wagon. 
proof that jefferson knew foxall
My dad is also with the federal government and he loves Kaiser, I'm on his plan until April 2018 when I turn 26 and then I'll switch to Aetna at my current job, still not sure whether I'll go with the HMO or PPO yet.

I actually love how easy it is to make appointments at Kaiser, you just show up and pay your $20 and wait a few minutes and then see whoever you came there to see, and they can very easily link you to another specialist doctor at the end up the checkup if you need a consultation from them.  And I love how straightforward it is that you can literally walk out of the room where you got your checkup into another hallway which brings you directly to the pharmacy, a true one-stop shop.

Now here are two things I don't like:

1. Emergency care: You're not covered if you go to a regular ER, you can only go to a Kaiser emergency center.  If you urgently life-or-death have to go to any other ER, you may be able to file a claim with Kaiser to pay for it but they might not do it or won't cover a significant portion or something like that, that's what they told me when I was scheduling an ER visit(I was bleeding significantly from my foot after I opened up a wart, but I wasn't light-headed from the blood loss so I opted to just take my time and use the Kaiser ER).  Assuming you live in the actual District, you're probably not facing a terrible drive to a Kaiser ER if you need to get to one.  However, I actually live in Riva, MD which is just south of Annapolis.  My local Kaiser branch in Annapolis doesn't have an ER suite so my options at the time were to either drive 45 minutes West to Largo in PG County with an hour and thirty minute wait or drive 45 minutes North to Baltimore with a thirty minute wait(although they bumped me up for bleeding).

2. Mental health: You're stuck with whoever Kaiser has and however long of a drive you're willing to make to get to the particular Kaiser therapist you like if you don't like your local one.  My local Annapolis branch has only one therapist(an LCSW like somebody else said) and after about 10 months of seeing her, she was getting a little forceful about making a particular change that I was not under any circumstances going to make, so I felt as though we were no longer a good fit.  I had good results up to that point though.  But that now left me with the choices of either having to drive to the next closest Kaiser center and try another therapist, pay somebody else out of pocket, or go without so I've just gone without.  As per usual with Kaiser, they don't cover non-Kaiser therapists either so you're stuck with Kaiser's options.

TL;DR version:

Good: Their integrated network means incredibly easy appointment scheduling, referrals and check-ins.  You can also visit the pharmacy down the hall immediately after your check-up and it only takes them about 10 minutes to fill your prescription depending on how many people are in front of you.

Bad: You're not covered by insurance at any ER that Kaiser doesn't run.  Few choices of therapists for mental health so you better hope you get a good fit locally and that it stays that way.
I've got Kaiser. I've kept my out of network therapist for talk therapy because she knows my history, plus I'm at a point where I only go for 'tune-ups' now and again, vs. regular weekly sessions, so I can't speak to that.

I've had one appointment with a psychiatrist I picked pretty much at random and it was AMAZING. We talked through side effects with a depth that none of my previous providers had. He took my comments about the internet research I did seriously, as opposed to rolling his eyes and being dismissive. The rx he wrote gave me the flexibility to increase my dosage on my own schedule, and that med has been a HUGE help for me. (Possibly just luck of the draw...)

Since one of my things is a BFRB, he suggested Kaiser's group CBT sessions, but I don't think I will ever go to those (whether or not they would be helpful to me.) My PCP, however, has worked with me on mitigating the physical triggers that exacerbate my BFRB disorder, and i have seen real improvement there.

Everyone at KP has access to your records and history (I think you control access to mental health info) so your PCP can check in with your psychiatrist, etc. You can also send messages to your providers without having to make an appointment. IF you get the right docs, it works out really well. 

I also like the 24-hr pharmacy at union station and pharmacy-by-mail.

Someone mentioned to me that on the whole (in their experience) Kaiser's PCPs aren't that great but their specialists are. I only have limited data / doctors, but that hasn't been out of line with my experience of it.
I had Kaiser for almost 3 years and it was a bad experience for me. I was seeking therapy but it went so poorly. I had several mental health appointments cancelled last minute by them, two of which I actually showed up to because they "forgot" to call me to cancel. This happened across 3 different Kaiser therapists. 

I also had a hard time getting into a dermatologist under Kaiser. The one urgent care experience I had was bad too. My coworkers have had mixed experiences. Some love Kaiser, but several have switched out. It seems that those that don't need any specialist care do well under Kaiser (so just access to a PCP). But YMMV. 
They have psychiatrists in the facilities in DC but what I can tell the only psychotherapy options (talk therapy) are available through LCSWs not psychologists. I don't know how well the psychiatry and psychotherapy teams work together. You can look up the provider's specialization and sex on their website.

I haven't used their mental health services (for the above reasons) so I can't comment on their quality. However, the physical therapy is atrocious.

I like my primary doctor and getting an appointment with her has never been an issue.
I can tell you from a friend's perspective. 

My friend has Kaiser and for the last year has dropped 50lbs.  They have done test after test after test after scan and surgeries and Kaiser is making her prove the necessity for a few radiology scan that were suggested by her primary care physician.  So her and I are navigating a member appeal b/c she is getting really expensive bills. Her dr is very hard to communicate with and I've been with her to 2 appointments and her dr is VERY condescending.  Currently, we are also fighting a prescription that won't get approved that her physician said she should be taking.  

I work in private dr's office and federal BCBS is good *IF* you stay in-network.  My friend is a female but her internist is a male.  I think that Kaiser touts that they have all these drs and specialist that are connected and that they work together for your healthcare, but I have found that not be to true.  Others may have a totally opposite opinion, but this is just mine in dealing with my girl friend.  

good luck and I Hope you are able to find a healthcare provider that works for you and your family.  
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=RYBiPS8HWg0
I have largely had good luck with kaiser.  Urgent care was somewhat slow the second time I used it.  My doctor was fairly good, and when she left I ended up with an even better doctor.  My wife liked her doctor as well.  I've had a specialists that I wasn't fond of, but they didn't seem terrible or anything.  I am glad I don't have to navigate finding doctors anymore, reminds me a lot of the ease I had when I lived in England.  My wife is now on a BCBS plan, and she is not thrilled about it - even if the coverage is better she's having trouble finding a doctor.  I had the same problem when I was on a different BCBS plan when I first got here.
They're pretty decent. Appointments are pretty easy to get (I've never had an appointment less than a week from when I asked for it, and the largest delays have been due to my schedule, not theirs), and if you get an Rx the doctor sends it down to the pharmacy and you pick it up on your way out. You may have to wait a few minutes for the pharmacist, but you don't have to make another stop.

Also, they have many doctors on staff at each location, and if you don't click with one, you can drop him and switch to another online, no questions asked. 
I've had bad luck with both United and BCBS finding psychiatrists/therapists in the area who take insurance at all. Most them had a system where you pre-paid and then got reimbursed by your insurance. I got lucky finally and my old therapist sees me over Skype now and I got off a wait list for a psychiatrist. He's not the best, but not the worst I've seen either. 

Sorry I don't have any specific information about Kaiser, but I suggest getting a list of covered mental health providers and see if they are taking new patients. 
I have KP and have used their mental health services over at the M St clinic.  I will say that it's fairly easy to get an appointment and at an accessible time.  However, some of the doctors INSIST that you go to the group therapy sessions if you wish to continue seeing them/being prescribed your medication.  I'm sure group therapy is great for some, but I found it insufferable and a waste of a co-pay.  The four times I went, it ended up turning into one or two attendees taking the time to just vent and argue with the therapist.  Which is fine in a private session or if the therapist keeps the session on track.  Additionally, the therapist's only responses to other patients would essentially be "you're creating your anxiety problems for attention."  Not cool.

I got so frustrated that I just stopped going and haven't been back to their therapy services since / have dealt with my anxiety issues on my own. (not medically recommended, I know.)
I had Kaiser HMO probably 5 years ago.  While you neede a Primary Care Doc and need a referall for everything, it was the best coordinated care I ever had and if I get the chance, I'll go back without a second thought.  Appointments were easy and there was never a question about how much I pay.  It was perfect.

As for mental health, there was no referral however prior authorization was needed for the initial visit.  Essentially you would call a special number, explain what type of doctor or specialist you needed(if you knew), explain a little of your background and then they make the appointment for you.  It was a little weird but after that I saw my doctor a handful of times.  he had an office seperate from the actual Kasier centers.  Prescriptions were handled like anything else, picked up from the Kaiser pharmacy, or mail order.

I'm not sure if this is standard for Kaiser, but double check pre-authorization process if this is a concern for you.
Kaiser is pretty terrible for mental health. It will be hard to see someone in a timely manner and you will be stuck in-network even if therapists and psychiatrists are not readily available. If you have other medical conditions at the same time, it's even worse. Your coworkers probably have minor health problems or no problems at all. You need to talk to someone who is in similar health who has used Kaiser. I know you are tired of navigating doctors, but that's like going to McDonalds for convenience even though you have really bad heart disease. Opinions from Kaiser folks who are in good health are quite frankly worthless in your situation.
Thank you for everyone that responded and PM'ed me on this. The diversity of opinions and experiences has been really helpful. In the end I'm gonna leave the decision up to my husband but I feel marginally more comfortable now. 
I usually write-in people from the neighborhood for all of those fake political positions.
I wrote myself in.
JK looked at the non profit Ashley Carter works for. Kelly Anne Conway is on the board and it has a position entitled "Senior Fellow and Culture of Alarmism Director" [Independent Women's Forum](http://www.iwf.org/about)

Mary Lord it is.



Mary Lord seems to have a ton of experience on education issues and is very passionate. Ashley Carter seems like a slick politician type with no particularly strong ties to education. 
The Northwest Current put out their voters guide recently, here's a pdf link: http://currentnewspapers.com/admin/uploadfiles/NW%2010-19-2016.pdf  Starts on page 17 of pdf. 
Figure out who bowser is supporting. Vote against them. That's your best bet. 
Glad to see Mary's band of minions have tried to come out in full force...

Ashley Carter is the real deal.  Mary Lord has done nothing in 10 years. I'm so glad for real change.
Mary Lord got the schools to start teaching SJW nonsense like transgenderism. Is that really someone we want to keep in office?
Anyone know when the MD ballots are available to download?
Based on your detailed description of your interests, I'd recommend swimming in the Potomac.
Sticky to the right of the page.
In three days all the must sees are the ones you probably know about from the usual tourist literature or tv/movies. If you have a particular interest in something then let us know and maybe there is something here for you. 
East Cap is great at Halloweening
Arrrr!
That's awesome! We'll have our [giant octopus](http://imgur.com/gallery/CRh7T) out at the triangle park up the street at North Carolina and A NE.
I walked by and saw it this morning. Fabulous! [Our octopus](http://imgur.com/aLqSrpr) looked pretty good all lit up, too.
Sure! I'll post a blog entry and link asap.
Someone has too much $$$.
I'm sure the hawk & dove will be lively. but any bar near a usual acceptance or cede location will be especially energetic (Mayflower, convention center, etc)
Definitely hill bars will be packed with hill staff:
Cap Lounge
Union Pub

But mostly every bar in DC will be somewhat packed. Here are my suggestions:
BlackFin (Downtown)
The Hamilton (Downtown)
Little Miss Whiskey (H Street)
Dukes Grocery (Dupont)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ao9Wxov9lQM
Does anyone know what the grand jury numbers refer to? 

Grand #1 in particular? 

Just curious as to what I might be able to expect or if numbers don't have to do with the type of case/crime. 



Also anyone ever done DC Grand Jury? How'd it affect your work? I'm really nervous about the time commitment since I have a kind of niche job at work :/
I'm 20 and I have the world's worst fake ID passed down to me by a friend. I'm not much of a drinker, but there are some 21+ comedy shows and concerts I'd really like to attend. Are there any venues that aren't strict about ID-ing? (For context: My ID has worked at restaurants and 2 bars in AdMo before they starting blacklighting it. The main shows I want to attend are at Black Cat and 9:30 club)
I've applied to 58 jobs since August 1, gotten 4 interviews, and 0 offers. What am I doing wrong?

This is for master's-level research/policy positions at associations or policy shops in labor, workforce development, higher education, or career/tech education.
What are the best areas to get specific ethnic food in the DC-Maryland-Virginia area? (e.g. Falls Church for Vietnamese, Annandale for Korean) Specifically, I'm looking for the Indian and Ethiopian communities
Where can I get legit pierogies or halushky in the area? Willing to go to VA  for it.
[deleted]
Is it okay to park at a metro station for more than one day? I found information about multi-day parking spaces (I'll be parking at Franconia-Springfield), but I'm wondering if I could just leave my car in any space for the two days I'm there. Do they really crack down on cars left overnight?
Hi everyone, looking long term to move either here or San Francisco cause I heard both public transit systems were good. Any comments on that? True or false? (esp compared to, say, Philadelphia or NYC's systems)

Also whats the temperature range high to low year round? I'm not good with cold.
Just moved here a month ago and my birthday is next week, and I'm pretty bummed I don't have anything big planned (I usually travel for my bday but since I just moved, that was out of the question). Anyway, my dad will be in town for work. We have a horribly strained relationship so I think we're gonna do dinner the night before my bday because the last thing I want to do is spend my bday with someone whose relationship is less than stellar.

Anyway, he's pretty impossible about literally everything even though it's my bday but I digress. He'll be staying in Tysons and refuses to come all the way into the city, and also refuses to take Metro but is complaining that an Uber will take him forever. Yeah. 

Restaurant suggestions somewhere between McPherson and East Falls Church? I'll be Metroing so prefer someplace off Orange/Blue/Silver. He also is super duper picky so I'd say the choices are American or Mexican. Sit down place WITH BOOZE REQUIRED bc I will need that. Pls help me pick a place so this dinner doesn't suck and I can also half enjoy it as a pre-bday dinner. Thanks!
I'm moving to DC in a few weeks! I'll be staying with family out in the burbs while I get housing sorted, and then hopefully will move into DC-proper. Here's my question: how do y'all handle the commute + work + gym on a daily basis? It's looking like I'll have to leave around 7a to reach work by 8ish, and then have a full day at the office (til 6). Let's say I want to go to the gym for an hour - that means that best case scenario, I get back home around 8ish in the evening. This seems like a super long day! Any ideas for how to make this more efficient? Do I just have to suck it up for the time I'm in the burbs? Is this what everyone around here does? 

I need some advice on getting to DC tonight! I've taken the MARC to BWI before, but never to DC so I'm not sure if I have enough time. I land at BWI at 8:50 and I think the last MARC runs at 9:30. Will I be able to make it? And if I miss it, is my best option to take the shuttle back to the airport to catch the B30 to Greenbelt Metro? Or will it be a nightmare to get from Greenbelt to Union with safetrack and I should just wait for the 10:30 Amtrack? Thanks for any advice! I really don't want to pay for an uber or taxi.
I'm moving and have a parking permit question. In front my current building there is a large no parking zone, so I will need to reserve the spaces in front of the building next door for my moving truck.  Do I put my address on the application or the address or the address of the building next door? 
i'm new to trying to find a shared place without knowing the current occupants, any advice on this process?
Where are the best chicken wings 
I'm new to DC. Where's a good neighborhood to go to on Halloween night that has a lot of people dressed up hanging around? 
All he had to say was, "you're too drunk for me to serve you.  Please leave."
So...wait.  They were calling him racist?  Er...how to did they come to that conclusion?  At least all the hands holding phones that I saw were white.  It's almost like they don't know what words mean.
This election is making everybody crazy.  
I'm pretty sure I can't stand anyone in this video. 
"it's against federal law to refuse service for political affiliation"^^[citation ^^needed]
Maddy's has terrible service, and I'm not surprised that the bartender did something petty like this.
Sounds like a fun group of people /s
I'm pretty liberal, but DC is such an echo chamber. So many liberals here cannot fathom that there are people who think differently than them. 
>Army Vet. Infowars Reporter 

Why are you out drinking and not trying to figure out what they are putting in the water that's turning the [FRIGGIN' FROGS GAY!?!?](https://i.makeagif.com/media/6-22-2014/mAGMVW.gif)
Annnd he was fired. 
> "Call the cops!"

Uh... for what? The bartender is refusing to service you... so your next thought is that you should call the police?

I'm legitimately confused.
Yet they have Yuengling on their tap list. 
Looks like I got a new bar to go to.
Do they still have those weird, oblong hamburgers?
Good to know....they will never get a dollar from me.
And I tend to be a spendy drunk.
[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6495 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/85508)
Don't all establishments have the right to refuse service to anyone for whatever capricious reason they want?  Obviously they can't say because someone is black or female or something, but all the bartender has to say is that he doesn't like the color red (assuming they are wearing MAGA hats) or that they are too loud and to please leave.

Also LOL it turns out the tweeter is with infowars.  I understand how there are people in the hinterlands who believe that shit but Washington DC?  Nigga please.  GTFO.
Boom headed to maddys
GOOD!!!! Now I know I need to go and take my friends to Maddy's! 

Young Trump voters are some of the most juvenile self-entitled dude-bro pricks. I'm sure they are using dad's Amex for a night out in the city. 

This bartender is an old drunk who has worked at a lot of DC bars. I've seen him around for years. 
I like how they are offended when they are refused service, when it is people exactly like them who have discriminated against minorities in the United States for centuries.
This bar will refuse service to any damn one it wants . You chauvinist Trump lovers. Get your own bar and make your own rules . But until then learn to follow the rules . 

Now I understand why bars put up this , [common sign](http://www.mydoorsign.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/Right-Refuse-Services-Sign-S-7385.gif)

If I had a bar I would ban people like you first , all of you . 	
[removed]
[deleted]
Yea I almost hit one at like 5am standing in the middle of a 295 off ramp last winter. 
I live immediately adjacent to Rock Creek Park in Bethesda.  There's deer everywhere constantly.  Twice in the last 5 years I have found freshly born fawns laying on the lawns nearby.  They're nice and all but they are eating the park to death in that they eat all of the fresh undergrowth constantly.  

Anyway, here's a deer that jumped into the lion's den at the National Zoo a few years back.  It does not go well for the deer.  

Part 1:  

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9CavVwhX7Fs

Part 2:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CbPzjhFY8Q

Part 3:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CbPzjhFY8Q

It survives the attack but is later euthanized due to the extent of its injuries.  
It was about seven years ago, but I saw what was at least an eight point buck in that park on the other side of the Georgetown campus on Canal Road in late February. Thought I was hallucinating for a minute.
They are everywhere on the canal. It's more surprising when I don't see them.
I see them regularly around the Naval Observatory. 
My 2 deer highlights, I saw a pack (pack of deer? group of deer?) easily no less than 25 running across the triangle stretch of grass by AU (Nebraska is one side, Van Ness another, I don't know the third street.) and these dogs LOSE THEIR SHIT. every dog in sight was on their back legs trying to get to the deer.  

The other was I had a buck casually walking on the sidewalk by the Taiwanese embassy off cathedral ave. 
In Crestwood, I see them nearly every week in my backyard. Friends who live half a mile away in Petworth can't believe it.
>Should i be concerned with walking to and from the hotel to the show with just me and my fiance?

You're going to walk 6 miles round trip down NY Ave? Whether or not you get mugged, that walk is going to absolutely suck. 
Going from the Hyatt to Echostage is easiest by taking the metro then taking echistage's shuttle. When there's a show, the area around the venue  has a ton of people, but not the best place to be walking around at 4 am. Take an uber back 

For Parking I'd find a street around union station that is zone 6 residential parking, and you can park it there all weekend for free. On weekdays you have a 99% chance of being ticketed if your car is in around for +2 hours. 
Usually if it's on the weekends, most of DC is "free" parking so you can park in the streets near the hotel. It's insane how much hotels charge for parking EVERYWHERE. 
Like everyone suggested, Uber/Lyft would be the way to go. Echostage is sorta by itself where it's sitting so not much to do around there pre/post-show.  

Check their site on the day of the show, they usually post the set times though with it being NYE's, you'll wanna get there early to get a good spot. It's not that big of a venue so you can see the stagelights practically anywhere inside. 
The doors open at 8? In my experience the main act doesn't go on until around 1-1:30. Echostage shows for DJ's are late. If it's sold out show then I would say get there around 10:30-11 so you can get a decent spot. You'll be packed in like sardines as echostage tends to oversell
I'm 5'11" and unless I'm front row or upstairs (ages 21+) you can't really see the DJs. It'll be insanely packed and probably close to full capacity at 10pm I'd say. Main acts usually come on at 12 or 1230. I'd take an Uber from your hotel to Echostage. It's usually easier for both you and the driver to get dropped off/picked up in the Exxon Mobile parking lot (<5min walk). Traffic on the road right by Echostage is a mess.
there is parking at echostage, but unless you're going to remain sober for Skrillex and Hardwell, I'd recommend not using it. Echostage is the middle of nowhere, so you'll have a crazy high Uber bill coming home (probably like 4-5x). it's still cheaper than a DUI.
Speaking as a short person myself, the Echostage balcony has a pretty good view. It's kind of far back from the stage, so you won't be right there with the artist, but it's a good spot to see the full light show if you're not one of the first people to get to the show.
I have no clue at all what the layout of downtown DC is or anything of the sorts which is why i was hoping someone would chime in. Assuming walking is out of the question does Echo offer their own parking or is there a garage nearby?
it's DJs at a club, not a band.  there's not much to see.  wouldnt worry about her height.
All rental units in the District are subject to the part of the Rental Housing Act that says leases go month to month when their original term expires.

The part of the Act that limits rent increases (Rent Stabilization) has several categorical exemptions, one of which is for landlords who are individuals (as opposed to corporations) who own four or fewer rental units in DC. Most people renting out their condos qualify for that exemption.
See also

http://www.wrap.org/soberride/index.htm

But it seems to be only for tonight...?
They need this on election night too.
Sunday date- Dupont circle farmer's market! (Before it gets too cold)
Just had a great date in DC yesterday. Walked around two museums, walked up to Chinatown for dinner, then walked around the monuments for the pretty night time views
Dinner and then Board Room for drinks and board games.
Grab some coffee in the Portrait Gallery atrium.
Walking around the monuments good visibility and a lot of things to talk about/do and food etc is nearby it can pretty much adapt to anything. 
Cocktail bar, walking. In that order. 
Chinatown Coffee Co. - casual coffee spot, get some (Fake?) absinthe to spice it up.

Sculpture Garden - make fun of weird shit people make together.
Dan's Cafe, for it's unique atmosphere and reasonable prices. 
Grab some coffee and walk through the zoo
Wonderland ballroom 
Ghibellina for pizza and wine.  This place somehow straddles the line of casual and trendy, and their 7 day-a-week happy hour is unbeatable.  Get there when they open at 4pm to maximize seat selection and low prices.  http://ghibellina.com/site/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/Ghib_HH_NEW-10.4.16.pdf   
Takoda.
Bluejacket.
ChurchKey.

Do not underestimate the power of a good beer selection.
there is literally no precedent for this since metro has always been running in past years. good luck
You might have to pay out the nose for an Uber Black or something. That happened to me for the Navy Half which was like 10,000 runners - no uberx in sight, but I did get a nice comfy ride in an Escalade to the start line. 

Get some rest and good luck tomorrow!
Why are you leaving at 5:00 AM when the race doesn't start until 7:55? I am running too and was planning around leaving at 6:30... is security that bad? Now I'm worried!
From where....
Why not call a cab now so they'll be ready in the morning?
Depends on how many other runners are depending on it too, and if Uber has made drivers aware. 
[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6523 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/44707)
You shouldn't have a problem getting one but they close A TON of roads. Leave early just in case. 
I used Lyft when I was in DC last month, I was able to set a pickup time at 4am for a ride to the airport. Worked out flawlessly.
Have done this a few times from Shaw to catch a 5:30am train at Union Station (most recently last Friday).  Tried Uber twice on Friday,  each time it was 10 minutes away, so I canceled.  Lyft was much faster (a 2 minute wait)  but 25% prime time.  
No one says, "oh look a brick, maybe I'll bash someone's head in."

The only people that would use a brick to bash someone's head in were going to commit a crime anyways before they saw the brick, and thus are likely better prepared than just looking around for the first dense object around them.
You just have strange fears.
The thought has weirdly enough crossed my mind but it's one of those intrusive thoughts - or as the French call it, the call of the void.
I feel like this happened a lot more several years back (bricks being used to attack/rob people and it has been slowing down?  Heres hoping that trend continues.
I'm not saying that's literally impossible, but it's going to be extremely difficult to find anything in a non-terrible neighborhood. The budget is not realistic unless you get lucky. At best, you will be able to afford a room in a group house, but they're not likely to want that short-term a lease.
Get on Craigslist and look at group houses.  Don't expect anything nice at your price point. Also, your friend thinks you have overstayed your welcome and wants you to leave. She's right.
The word "professional" has absolutely no meaning anymore.
The only thing that will fit within your budget is a room in a group house.  Ask at work, check craigslist, and the like.
Any possibility you can be added to your friend's lease temporarily?  This seems like the easiest solution, but assumes they're not just using the building as the bad guy to make you leave.  
600-800, furnished, and short term lease?

Cross your fingers and take anything you find. Be careful because anything in that price range is likely to be a scam.
https://tmhdc.org
Depends on where you work, but you should expect to have 3-5 roommates and live in not great conditions. 

Oh and month to month? Yeah not gonna happen in DC proper. 
Best of luck with this. I doubt you find anything meeting those requirement's unless it's a group house
Paying 850 a month for rent, but I live in a group house in Shaw. Will be paying 980 a month soon but that's me moving in with my boyfriend near King St Metro. tl;dr pick 2: safe,cheap,distance,lease term. But again, nothing is impossible.
...good luck. /Group houses 
group house in maybe Petworth???
Ok, this is a more serious answer. You *can* find landlords amenable to short-term leases on pre-furnished rooms in your price range. The catch is that they generally exist outside of the Beltway. I recommend tuning your CL search to "Northern Virginia" instead of the entire DC area. Reston, Herndon, Vienna, and Fairfax City have plenty of available rooms in your price range. I would edit your  post to include the location of your office. Living beyond the Beltway means that you will need to either drive to a Metro station or all the way into DC
Group house. 

You might be able to pull off mt pleasant which is nice in a group.
What bothers me about this is the fact that you came here without having done your research already.  That should be something done before arrival and not after.  

Can family help you out for a while until your bf gets here?


When I was looking a few months back I saw room on Craigslist for $800 in Crystal City. I live in CC now and it's extremely safe both in the way it feels and statistically in the number of crimes reported. The main drawback is it's boring and not in the District. I don't mind either though. Boring also means quiet on weekends. There are enough restaurants and bars to satisfy me on a weekday and it's super quick to get to the District on weekends. Geographically it's actually closer to downtown DC than many parts of DC itself. It's only five stops to Chinatown on the yellow from CC station and an uber to Logan circle is usually only $9. $7 to Navy yard. Also the mount Vernon bike trail runs through CC and can get you to the national mall in about 15 minutes. I actually go on runs to the national mall all the time. The closest chunk is the Jefferson memorial, which is only about two miles from the trail entrance by my place.
Hey! So I was offered a job and I'm new to the area and my friend told me to stay with her up until January, so this was all things I couldn't predict. My family is not in the place to help my financially. 
Thank you so much! I will have to go look in that area! 
Hey everyone! I really appreciate those of you who were nice and gave serious answers. I was referring to group housing, just didn't know which neighborhood to start looking into. 
This is absolutely horrifying, poor woman.

I have to ask, though - who puts a passed-out drunk person in an uber by themselves?  How do you expect them to get out and into their home?  What if they get sick on the way?  When I'm out with a group and someone gets to that point, someone else rides with them to make sure they get home.
Out of curiosity, what's the protocol for Uber drivers when the passenger is blacked out drunk and can't get out of the car? This is assuming they were able to get in the car on their own and passed out on the way to their destination. My inclination is to call EMS when arriving to passenger's destination, or at the point during the ride when he/she becomes unresponsive, and have EMS assess the passenger and decide to take them to the ER if needed. 
The most obvious question - what did he buy at 7-11 for $14 (on the victim's cc) and why?
A couple things. Was her home address entered into the app as her destination? Did he sexually assault her in the hotel? Or did he put her in a cheap motel for the night and go on his way?

This could either be a situation where an Uber driver kidnapped a drunk woman, took her to a hotel, raped her, and used her stolen credit card.

OR it could be a situation where an Uber driver picked up a woman who was too incapacitated to tell him where she lived, put her in a hotel that was affordable on an Uber driver's salary, used her credit card to buy her Gatorade and aspirin, and went on his way.

Remember, touching someone against their will/without their permission can lead to assault charges.
I saw a more detailed story of this event elsewhere.  Friend of blackout drunk woman gets Uber and puts blackout drunk
in the car and inputs address in driver's GPS.  Driver goes to woman's house in Fairfax but then decides to take her to hotel in MD.  

Did friend of drunk woman expect the driver to carry her from the car to her house when they got there?  And what kind of friend puts her blackout drunk friend in an Uber (or taxi) alone?   With a friend like that who needs enemies?

My entire life: don't get in cars with strangers. Especially from the Internet. 

2016: dear Internet send me a stranger take me home. 

Uber fucking sucks. 
oh man i wish i wasn't a gimp at the moment
Gonna be dope. He killed it at Shambhala. Lisa Frank opening too!
yeah
Shit, I might be now. Thanks! 
Are there still tickets? I love loud robot noises.
The Black Squirrel in AdMo has a back room with bar that can be rented for free with no minimum for ordering. 
We did Cafe Citron's executive lounge in Dupont for our low key wedding reception, it was super awesome and the management is super helpful. Not to mention legit drinks and food.
city tap house on 9th has a cool private area my friend used recently. Good food there too. 
New distillery in union market, [cotton and reed](www.cottonandreed.com) has a cool party room / dedicated event space. Awesome drinks. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/search?q=bar+private+room&restrict_sr=on
Honestly, this is the best post on this subreddit in ages
Nice try, officer.
Seriously?
There's a great one at 935 Pennsylvania Ave NW.
[Check this one out](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kv1lSH4hK-w).
Dan's cafe

Learn to use makeup well enough to look super old. Then you'll have a skill and liquor. Note; liquor sucks, just talk to people ...or one of the good drugs.
S&I Liquor on I St didn't card me. But that was 10 years ago.
Try one in a bad neighborhood?
They all ID. 
Check out Blind Whino in SW. It's a few blocks south of the mall. Not sure if they just let you inside or you need to call ahead and ask, but it's a beautiful old church completely painted on the outside by a street artist and wall-to-wall murals on the inside. 


second for blind whino. there is also an affiliated gallery in the national harbor called art whino. if youre looking for open studios, 52 o street has open studios fairly regularly
[deleted]
A good place to find street art is in the streets! Check out this shared Google map of outdoor art and graffiti around DC.

[DC Outdoor Art](https://www.google.com/maps/d/viewer?mid=1P0C-uAI1P4Cnaurq0LAU_A2cMS8)

Here are a few other spaces/artists as well:

[Hole in the Sky](http://holeintheskydc.com/)

[No Kings Collective](http://www.nokingscollective.com/)

Check out [The Fridge](http://www.thefridgedc.com/), its the only gallery specializing in 'street art' and graffiti. They put on a lot of good shows and the alley that its located in is covered in tags and artwork.

You can also see lots of public art and murals around DC. [Words Beats & Life](http://www.wblinc.org/) has organized mural jams throughout the city and the recent [Pow Wow DC](https://www.facebook.com/PowWowDC/?ref=page_internal) created a TON of murals in the NoMA neighborhood. 
Google says...

http://www.wmata.com/about_metro/faqs.cfm

>Service animals that assist people with disabilities are the only animals permitted to ride unconfined on Metrorail and Metrobus. However, a pet may be transported on Metrorail and Metrobus, provided it is carried aboard in a secure container from which it cannot escape.
Have taken our cat in a soft-carrier on both the Metro and busses here too, with no issues.

Kiti meows her head off, but otherwise, good times.
I know someone who took his two cats, in two separate carriers, on the Metro.
Get one of these and go anywhere - https://www.etsy.com/listing/38757739/service-cat-therapy-cat-vest-free
Muzette in Adams Morgan and sing sing on h street have private rooms
Elephant and Castle on I st used to have a great free karaoke every saturday night, but they stopped. Now, I'm not sure what places do it on Saturdays, if any
Waze/Google Maps will take into account the closures if you map a route. Just Give yourself a few extra minutes and use Waze when you're ready to leave.
I would highly advise against going anywhere near the downtown section of the city. It will be a traffic nightmare with people trying to drop off their friends and family. Have her meet you along your route or in VA.
Thanks all! 9am traffic through L'enfant then on to Annapolis was a peace of cake after all but traffic was waaaay worse in the afternoon. Goes to show. 
The easiest thing to do would be to take GW Parkway out to the Beltway but your Howard friend complicates this.  Maybe she could figure out a way to get to you?  

There's got to be at least one bridge open.  14th Street, I'd bet.  Navigate over to that and that'd set you up to get to Howard pretty well.  Once you get away from the Mall, things should be light traffic.  

edit: here's this:

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/dr-gridlock/wp/2016/10/27/metrorails-7-a-m-start-will-worsen-marine-corps-marathons-traffic-impact-sunday/

I can't tell if this means only the HOV lanes on 14th will be for runners, ie, cars allowed in the non-HOV lanes.  Also maybe Memorial Bridge is somehow open?  
Anything even slightly related to Trump is toxic now.  Up around York, PA, there's a locally famous donut shop that went all-in for Trump around the spring / summer timeframe.  They went from a family friendly local establishment to a political hotbed of controversy virtually overnight.  Half the community refuses to buy donuts from them at all now, while the other half goes out of the way to buy more donuts than they otherwise would. If you're a business owner, especially one shooting for a nationwide distribution for your product, jumping into the political fray is dumb.
Shouldn't be too hard to boycott a very average beer company. 
Why is this a big fucking deal?
I dont spend money at certain establishments or companies b/c of their values and the money that they fund towards things that I disagree with.  I won't knock you if you do, but I won't personally go there.  One of the stores is Chick-fil-A.  I won't protest you opening stores or you going there, but I won't. 
I don't understand why people are so surprised about a white guy from central Pennsylvania with no college degree voicing his support for Trump.  For business reasons, it would have been best for him to keep his mouth shut, but there's nothing unpredictable about his political views.

There's no question that I'm voting for Hillary, but a Yuengling boycott to me is almost as dumb as casting a vote for Trump.  Sure, Dick Yuengling might be, well, a dick, but what about his thousands of employees not just in central PA but across the country that work as distributors?  Not all of them might share the boss man's political views, so is it fair that they are also punished by this boycott?
I boycott Yuengling because it sucks.
Well, I never! Looks like I'm drinking ~~the water from a can of corn~~ Rolling Rock!
Jose Trader and Devils Backbone are far superior beers anyway.
Hey, this is just the free market working its magic. Sorry Libertarians and Tea Partiers - but that's how it works.
I don't understand people who Boycott something because it doesn't completely align with their own opinions. 

This guy wants to vote Trump? Good for him; we do live in a democracy after all. 

EDIT: Well this blew up.
I think it's pretty widely known in the beer world that Yuengling is vocally anti-union. This doesn't come as much of a shock.
People upset that a business founder took a political stance should be just as upset that business are boycotting places for taking political stances. (I don't support either candidate for the record.) The level of vitriol for our neighbors has reached a point where it's impossible to have productive dialog.
Pro tip, if you sell alcohol, don't piss off the gay community
Remember all those gay boycotts when Obama invited the President of Gambia (who brags about slitting the throats of gay people) to the White House? 

Me neither. 

Remember all those gay boycotts when Hillary took tens of millions from Saudi Arabia where gay men are beheaded? 

Me neither. 

Gay people are so fucking partisan when it comes to their gayness it's nauseating.  At least have some integrity and consistency in your standards. 

FYI I'm gay. Not that it should matter. 
I ain't voting for no one - but even if I was i wouldn't stop drinking my sweet sweet yuengling
This is somewhere between stupid and awful. Do you really want to live in a McCarthyist dystopia where no one can express (fairly mainstream at that) political views without fear of economic reprisal?  
[removed]
Who cares what the owners political views are? People are entitled to their opinions and I'm not going to stop buying my favorite cheap beer just because he is a Trump supporter. In fact, I'm going to drink more Yuengling than ever before because this is 'Murica! 
It's cool. I'll be buying ONLY Yuengling just to support democracy. The guy says he's for Trump. Who gives a shit. If we can just shit on peoples businesses because they lean a certain way politically, I say we get all the HRC supporters fired and throw them into the streets. 


You should totally be able to ruin someone if you don't agree with them.
I am buying more Yuengling because of it.  
I have to get this shipped into where I live...this reminds me ot look it up, thanks!

I wonder if we don't hear about Hillary's endorsements because nobody wants to touch her with a 10-foot pole, including her husband. Especially after BLM just admonished her yesterday (Garner) when they saw RIGHT smooth through her BS slimy move and today it's all about how that criminal hillary wants to send women to a war she wants to fabricate. 
DC has been pissing on Pennsylvania for 30 years with its shitty laws.   This is nothing new.
Goddamnit I had my frontpage perfectly curated so as to never see a reference to CTR or Russian hackers and then this shit happens. I'm in no position to boycott (or the best position, depending on how you see it) but I'm about to boycott reddit until the word Trump is nothing but a glorious distant memory. 
Lol.....John Deere clothing. I have no idea where in DC proper except maybe Gladhill Tractors in Gaithersburg or Tractor Supply in Pooolsville or Mt. Airy/Frederick.

Edit: You want a hat...hmmmm...maybe Dicks Sporting goods in Gaithersburg?
Amazon has a couple John Deere hats and shirts available for delivery by Monday afternoon.
Serious question, why?
target?
There are none in DC that I am aware of. [Daedalus Books](http://www.daedalusbooks.com/) in Columbia and [2nd and Charles](http://2ndandcharles.com/locations/) in Woodbrige are the closest remaindered book stores.
Politics and Prose has a decent remainder section downstairs. 
Carpe Librum had a bunch about a month ago. I don't know if they get those regularly though.
I went to Markoff's Haunted Forest a few years ago. Highly recommend it.

http://markoffshauntedforest.com/
Haven't read a good rage piece in a while. Thanks for this.
Yeah, the last week or so, Blue/Yellow between Reagan/Braddock has been awful (again).  No clue what happened as it was like this a month or so ago, then all returned to normal and now we're back at it again.  On the plus side, if you play Pokemon Go...that stretch is a great time to add some mileage to your eggs...haha
This felt genuinely cathartic to read.  Fuck the blue line. 
There's a ~1.25mi 15mph speed restriction between National Airport and Braddock Rd, which is apparently implemented due to the near-miss between a train and two FTA inspectors last Thursday. WMATA hasn't said when the restriction will be lifted, but there's nothing wrong with the tracks.
The stopping at the rail yard is the most annoying part about blue out here in the burbs. I know the employees need to get to/from, but damn, it's every fucking ride.
I dont understand why the fuck they cant time trains right at Pentagon.  HOW FUCKING HARD IS IT TO TIME IT RIGHT ON TWO FUCKING LINES.  
The blue line has always been a nightmare, but it became more of one for two reasons.
1. Metro deciding to run the Silver Line on the orange/blue line route instead of making a transfer station.
2. The entire Roslyn issue. 
3. The stupid stop at the cemetery which should not even exist.

Either way the blue/yellow line is what makes me very happy that I live in DC and take the red line exclusively. I was on the blue line at one point in my life, and getting out of that mess has made my life much less stressful. Even with the red lines issues, including its own surge, it is so much better than the blue line blues. 
It's actually worse after SafeTrack. I don't remember it being this slow the same time last year.
Blue Line is the new Red Line until 10/29
Same thing on the yellow line...sometimes the crawling starts before even crossing the river from DC
[deleted]
I think there is a speed restriction in that area. One was announced on September 12 to last10 days but I've noticed a slowdown in that area ever since. 
 The Blue Line tried very hard to make my life miserable.  

It worked.  I want to say thats a solid 25% why I moved away from The District.

Also, FUCK THE BLUE LINE!!!!!!!!!!
Have you considered moving off of the blue line? 
Not trying to be an ass or a downer, but that budget is ridiculously unrealistic for what you're looking for. You could potentially find a room in a group house further out at that price, but you're not within spitting distance of anything solo. 
Haha haha nope. Not going to happen. You need roommates
Contact the school and see if they have local deals on housing.  Otherwise, as has been mentioned, that is an extremely tall order.
I lived in a group house in near Stadium Armory for $675. Found it on Craigslist. Half hour to Foggy on the Metro. 
Look up the route for the 16Y bus, specifically stops on Columbia pike in arlington.  It's a commuter bus (goes into city 6-10 am, leaves dc 3-7 pm. I used that for a year and l*i*ved in a 2br for 1400 
Sadly you're gonna have a lot of trouble getting housing in that range, even in a shared unit. Since it's a short term lease (less than a year) people won't want to go through the hassle of adding you to their house and dealing with the gap time. Since it's not a summer sublet no one will be leaving and going at those times and looking for someone to fill in. It's long enough that AirBnb wouldn't work and short enough that most real apartment complexes will either turn you away or try and charge an absurd "corporate" rate. 


I'd expect minimum of $1200 budget, even for a shared situation. Your best bet is to hit people up on Craigslist, explain that you're willing to pay slightly more based on the short term hassle and hope one of them bites. If you want your own place you may end up paying more than $1800 for a reasonable public-transit only commute. 
I lived in a group house with three other girls in ballston so it is possible, but you have to be a ninja 
It's possible. I commute everyday to Farragut North from Glenmont. The rent is cheaper within silver spring area. I also have a room
November 2016 as in, 2 days from now?  You're going to have a lot of difficulty making this work - do you have friends who can put you up for a bit while you apartment search?

Most high-rise, corporate-owned type places, and a fair percentage of smaller landlords, are only going to be willing to entertain one-year leases. And a lot of places disallow or have ridiculous fees for subletting.

Your best bet for flexibility of the lease-term is a shared housing situation, but as others have mentioned, the competition for a spot in shared houses is insane. A friend of mine lives in one and the last time they had an open spot I think they got something like 50 or 60 people inquiring about it.

Given your timeline and lease term, I think you're probably going to need to either find a way to make a larger budget work or be very flexible about location. Metro-accessibility is probably a pipe dream, and the commute of less than an hour might not be feasible either.

Start hitting up Craigslist listings hard, and good luck!
You could always live in South East DC (I know god forbid you live around poor people) But yeah consider it as a last resort. 
I guess you could find something in PG, NE DC, Almost any place east of the Anacostia.  Anacostia itself...

https://hotpads.com/3030-wisconsin-ave-nw-washington-dc-20016-tgjdwh/pad-for-sublet?price=0-1000&beds=0-1&baths=0-1.5
Try making a post in /r/dcforrent but as everyone else has said, you're going to need roommates. 
As in you need to move by November 1? You have a lot of things working against you here - most places need about 30 days for old tenant to move out and new tenant to move in. In addition, most landlords aren't going to sign a lease that's under 1 yr, especially at that rate. And finally, your budget is really low, definitely ruling out anything that doesn't include roommates. For your situation, your best bet might be Craig's list, some situation that's not ideal but where a roommate has moved out suddenly and they need a body to pay rent for however long possible. Look in NE and upper NE D.C. (Brightwood, up to silver spring, ft totten). There's a lot of single family and row homes in that area, it's not too bad, and rent is sometimes cheaper. If you had more time to look, you might have been able to find something close to your budget, but you're really going to be pushing it with so little time. 

Contact the school and see if they have any options/suggestions. 
Buffalo Exchange (one in Georgetown, one in Logan Circle) has some costumes and wigs. It may be pretty picked over at this point, but worth a shot!
ADMO- across from the Blaguard
Party City in Rockville is a half mile walk from Twinbrook Metro, they've got a shit ton of stuff, including accessories, but it's a bit on the expensive side. I'd also look at Target and Walmart, but when I checked Target all they had left were a few masks and some kids costumes. 
There's a metro accessible party store in Crystal City
/U/cmw15 said but the costume store in crystal city shops is pretty good. Not sure overpriced and staff is really helpful. Which is good considering it was packed in there yesterday at 1:30 when I went and jam full of stuff. They've got costumes and props/accessories out the ass. 
I used to enjoy seeing conceptualizations like this, but now it's just depressing to see awesome things that'll never come to fruition. 
Image quality is so compressed I can't read the stops on the pink line
I wish there is a third and fourth line for express and emergencies instead keep on expanding with a system that can't handle the load
Source article here: http://greatergreaterwashington.org/post.cgi?id=33886
The stops along this Pink  line are the reason that Skyline area of falls church exists. It seems like weird out of place high density highrise buildings for no reason, but in the 70s, Metro and Arlington thought that would be the area they would build metro. They started building the housing and office space and Arlington decided, meh you know what, Clarendon/Wilson Blvd would be better.
Hey neat, I made this!  Check out the full article on the topic here:  
http://greatergreaterwashington.org/post/33886/why-is-there-no-metro-line-on-columbia-pike/
The realigned blue line may happen in decades, because of congestion in the tunnel by Rosslyn, but a pink line going down columbia pike just won't happen; Arl won't even allow a street car
What about Shirlington, pink line?
That line with West End and and Georgetown stops is so unnecessary. Yeah, a stop in georgetown would be grand if it was included on the orange line originally, but west end is an easy 8-10 min walk from foggy or dupont and why would the university need its own station? 
Would be great if this map included the planned purple line
What about U.S. 29 Columbia Pike?! Maryland Lives Matter.
I dropped my Gov't PIV once and someone was kind enough to drop it in the mail. I hope the same courtesy can be afforded to you. Best of luck.
Make sure you report it on the wmata website as well. They do find stuff.
ask the station managers as well and leave your contact.  Metro list and found takes up to a week to log in list assets.  i got my cellphone back due to a kind stranger who left it with a station mgr.  
Put a "lost item" ticket in on the wmata website. I once lost my gov PIV and to my surprise, they sent me an email saying they found it within a couple of days.
The wmata lost and found is in Hyattsville:

http://www.wmata.com/about_metro/lost_found/

Depending on who answers the phone they may search for your item. 
thanks for all the responses, I did what most asked and reported it. Gave them a call and they told me to wait until they call me lol
Hey, i know: Start by firing the guy who abandoned his train on the tracks. Then fire anyone who doesn't respond when you knock on the attendant kiosk. Then fire the techs who repair the trains that become smoking deathtraps. 
I think this move surprises no one. There's only two ways to cut a budget shortfall-- get more money, or cut costs.  

But I'm going to go out on a limb here. Maybe it's high time we stop holding onto the notion that public services like mass transit are supposed to make money at all. If we just accept that they're going to lose money for the sake of broader economic impact, maybe we can begin to accept a budget shortfall at places like WMATA. I mean, how does such a massive infrastructure project like a subway system even begin to turn a profit?  
Baby steps I guess. I hope they fire the train driver I had yesterday morning.
Its about time Metro started getting rid of people.
As someone who grew up here, I have literally never heard of anyone doing trick-or-treating on any day other than the 31st; I didn't realize there were places that would organize trick-or-treating on the weekend before. That's why you're getting sarcastic answers.
>Is it tonight or sunday?

Tonight is Oct 29 and Sunday is Oct 30.

Keep guessing. 
Where I grew up in New York, trick or treating was officially on the 30th and not the 31st due to and I quote "hooliganism". This is hilarious because I grew up in a tiny town. Don't feel bad, the folks giving you crap on here don't understand that some places actually schedule it a different night.
Halloween is Monday.
i dont understand this question.......
Taqueria Habanero in Columbia Heights. That's all you need to know.
El Chilango in Rosslyn. Also I love La Tingeria (they have a storefront in DC but I usually frequent the food truck when they come to near where I work!)
Taco Bamba in Fall's Church. First place I've had since moving from the Southwest that was on par with my favorite places back home. Still many more for me to try here though so not saying it's the only one. But certainly my most recommended.
I went to El Sol a few months ago and loved it! I'm always looking for good Mexican food (especially of the taco variety) so I'll be stalking this thread. There's this ghetto looking place around the corner from me that I've been meaning to try called La  Lomita.
La Loma is my spot for "Americanized" Mexican food.  There's something refreshing about sitting down at the table and they bring you chips and salsa without you asking.

For authentic without a trip to the burbs, I like Taqueria Distrito Federal in Columbia Heights.

EDIT: Oh geez, how could I forget: For Tex-Mex- Chuy's in Springfield. Austin based chain, get the chili rellenos.
Is District taco Mexican? I like them better than chipotle
Pica Taco has best breakfast burritos imo. El Sol is also my fav for pretty much everything else. Also El Rey has pretty solid tacos (probably the best pastor in the city) if you get there early and/or don't mind the big crowds.
Los Cuates on Wisc Ave is excellent. Very good Tex Mex at a decent price. Primo queso. 
Guajillo on Wilson Blvd in Arlington. Everything is good but the standout are the mole enchiladas, probably the best in the area. Also, their burritos are delicious and enormous. 

Also: Tortilla Cafe at Eastern Market (not to be confused with Tortilla Coast ::shudder::) has a great selection and they are very cheap. They have the best Cubana sandwich in DC and their fried plantains are awesome.
Anyone have a favorite spot for good mole?
El Paso in Springfield was recommended to me by a Mexican-American friend from Oakland. She said it was the closest that she had found to the places back home. She did not say it was as good as what she was accustomed to though. Another Mexican-American friend ate there and said that it was just "ok", but better than anywhere else she had tried. I, for what it is worth, like it a lot.

Taco Bamba is opening up in Springfield soon. I am definitely looking forward to that.


Taqueria Poblano in Del Ray is fantastic - I've been pretty burned by most Mexican in the area (coming from San Diego), but TP is easily some of the best I've had in the area.
You're going to have to hit the suburbs for authenticity a la El Chilango.  I also like Well-Dressed Burrito in the district if you're looking for something nearby.  

Source: eaten my fair share of tacos in my lifetime. 
No one has love for Cactus Cantina north of Glover Park? Damn.
I'm a fan of Don Juan in Mt. Pleasent. They have good food for fairly cheap. 
If you are looking for the best mexican food in the area you really should be looking to the suburbs. Langley Park, Hyattesville, Wheaton, etc. DC itself is actually disappointing on this front. But these areas can be pretty good. 
With that being said El Golfo is a favorite in the area, it is in Silver Spring. 
Taco storefront that used to be a taco truck: El Charitto Caminante in Arlington.  Chorizo or goat are great.  Steak and pork are very good.  Also solid horchata.
El Paso Cafe in Arlington is solid Tex-mex (approved my my wife, who is from Texas).  El Charrito Caminante is Mexican/Salvadoran, cheap, primarily takeout, and delicious (also in Arlington).
I would absolutely love to find breakfast tacos similar to those back home in South Texas. The tortillas are key. And I usually hear District Taco for those, and I have had them multiple times, but I'm always disappointed when I unwrap them and dejected once I finish.
Cyclone Anaya's in Merrifield.  Small chain, six locations in Houston and one in VA.  Mainly know it from the original Houston location, but I've been by the Merrifield location once and was very happy with it.
Chuy's (various locations). I don't think I've been into one in 10 years or so, and not since the big nationwide expansion, but they were always pretty reliable tex-mex. 
I don't suppose that Oyamel really counts since it is so upscale, but I love that place. 

As fancy as it is, one of the things I like most about it is that it is one of the few Mexican restaurants that I have found which has the toronja flavor of the Jarritos sodas. That is, by far, my favorite soda. I also love the *papitas con mole y queso fresco* which is probably the cheapest thing on the menu.

Edit: of course, it should be said that chapulines are about as authentic a Mexican food as it gets.
Not metro accessible, but [Villamaya Restaurant](http://www.villamayarestaurant.com/) in Rockville is really good. My friend from Texas says it's authentic.
I like the steak fajitas, green sauce and house margaritas at Guapo's (the restaurant, not the rotisserie). The Fairfax location is superior to the Bethesda location.
Ive never been to La Loma but its walking distance so I'll check it out soon.
I don't know if anyone else on here is from Norfolk-Virginia Beach but I've been looking for a good Plaza Azteca replacement for like 3 years. It's one of the few things I actually miss from there. I'm trying some of the places on this thread though.
There's used to be this amazing restaurant called Mixtec that closed a while ago.  

Definitely have to leave the city for the good stuff, but I've been a longtime fan of Super Taco on Columbia Road in Adams Morgan.  The Adams Morgan, Mt Pleasant, Columbia Heights triangle is your best bet for Hispanic food within DC proper.
can you review the Tex Mex place in north del Ray Alexandria va
I always liked Mixtec in AM.  I always thought it was legit Mexican but I guess last few times I went quality seemed to drop off.  Still sorry it closed 
If you want authentic Mexican food you're not going to find it in DC. The "Mexican" food here is very Americanized or Salvadoran food disguised as "Mexican." I did hear of a place in MD that has actual Mexican businesses since a lot of Mexicans live there. It's name escapes me though.
Shotgun a bottle of Pinot Grigio (or Merlot) and take your kid trick or treating.
Sleep
TLDR: ARWT will be officially connected to the South Cap St. Trail. This is an awesome achievement for the district, and will have a profound effect on many of the neighborhoods along the trails, both E and W OTR. 
The blog post doesn't say it, but does anyone know about how many miles it would upon entering DC at the 14th street bridge, crossing over at Benning Rd, coming all the way back to the Douglas Bridge and returning to Virginia?
Will biking over the Anacostia on Pennsylvania avenue be doable now?
We had this problem maybe two years ago.  I called 311 and was told to call another number and ask I think for a Mrs. Harris.  I spoke to her, she was astounded, and the next day, things got picked up.  

Somehow, a slip week managed to bypass all of Georgetown.  
Call 311 
Hey, neighbor. Was wondering what was going on, too. Did you call 311?
The week of the 10th was wonky -- monday was a holiday so the pickup slid a day later.

No idea what is up with this week though, you should call your ANC.
Didn't go but did consider it. What did he spend the time talking about? Was it a couple hours of him telling stories from his travels? What did the audience do to embarrass you?
I was there but arrived right about 7:30. People scanning tickets were incredibly slow and rude. I've never seen this anywhere else but the lady was ripping the scan code from the paper and keeping them? Had to use the rest room which had a 10 minute line. Finally made it to my seat and the fire alarm went off not 2 minutes later which interrupted the talk for the longest, most awkward 10-15 minutes. But yes, throughout the show and during the questions people were very much seeking attention. People yelling over each other to ask questions and generally being rude. It should have been an enjoyable evening but I left sort of disappointed, not by Bourdain  (he was great about everything), but everything else around me.
Venue made a disaster of it, where you the guy who didn't have a seat?
More details, please!
It was such a shitshow. A bunch of people thought that the guy who yelled at Bourdain was the one who pulled the fire alarm. 
I considered it, but decided not to. Was it really that bad? O_o
[deleted]
The article isn't actually condescending. Riding an unfamiliar bus or transit system can be a bit overwhelming at first. I wish they had included a graphic that explained how to read the signs.
Well, it enticed me to finally look at the bus schedules and I was shocked to realize that there are two basic routes (with 5 actual routes) that run from Silver Spring to DC (downtown, NW) and they essentially run 24/7 (7 days a week, first bus at 4 am and last bus at 2:30 am).  Also, outside of rush hour it's just as fast, or maybe faster on the weekends than metro.  Looks like I'll finally start using the bus more, especially with the redline safetrack starting Saturday.
Are you from Popville? 
Maybe this is what the Metro will look like in 2077.
By sheer coincidence, the part of the red line that isn't actually open right now.
Automatic fair collection?
Feel like Metro '77 was a Bad Brains B-side
You found this under your seat on the red line today, didn't you?
i sort of really want this on a t shirt
"Owner's Manual"??

And back when it was still National Airport.
Did it work reliably back then?
Metro 77 sounds like a bad movie where the trains inevitably crash. Oh wait, that was Airport 77.
Metro Owner's Manual 2017:

⭐️Everything is on fire 
This is the one I use at the front of the train. 
Interesting that Gallery Place and Fort Toten are denoted differently from the rest of the stations, being much larger circles. I wonder, I wonder. Even Metro Center transfer is not a big circle.Note the map is called Owner's Manual Metro '77, as if it was a new model of a car, which was exactly the marketing metro pursued to compete with car ownership. They won. Until now when communist style car share is the next wave of replacing privately owned cars in the city.
Was probably safer then too.
Am I having a senior moment? I remember riding the metro from DuPont to Rhode Island Ave on the opening day, during the Bicentennial... Or is that from a fevered dream of my youth??
I don't know why I'm actually surprised that these station almost all still have the same name. 
This could make a nice poster
Wow, I'm 23 and I had no idea Gallery Place was always called Gallery Place. I thought it just Chinatown or something and the name was changed in the early 2000s. I'm an idiot.
didnt remember Silver Spring opening till 1983ish..  Since this was published in 1977, it took them 6 yrs to open Silver Spring?  
Just FYI that Ruff & Ready is closing in about a month and will start having sales this weekend (starting with everything 25% off) if that makes it more budget-friendly.

If you're willing to go out to Rockville, I've had a good experience at Upscale Resale. It's very much a thrift store (clothing, trinkets, books, etc) but that is where I found my favorite end tables.  The people who work there have been very sweet in my experience and would probably be able to tell you over the phone if that have what you're looking for so you can skip the drive out.
Not sure of your budget, but I got a really nice one off Craigslist for $80.  Had to drive way out to Germantown to pick it up, though.
The Goodwill Restore in Alexandria is exactly what you are looking for.  Bit of a drive, but great furniture at thrift store prices.
Sometimes the Value Village in Adelphi gets good furniture, but it doesn't sit around very long. You have to check frequently to catch the good stuff.
LITTLE MISS PIXIES! http://www.misspixies.com/ 
I'm lost.
We celebrate Thanksgiving on Thanksgiving.
Like, mid-March I think.
We are doing it on the 26th. Don't want to miss work and you great a great deal on turkey. 
Thanksgiving is always the last Thursday in November.  Christmas is always December 25th.

Most businesses (aside from restaurants and retail) are closed on Thanksgiving the Friday after Thanksgiving, turning it into a four day weekend of gluttony and consumerism.
#BRINGKINGSLEYHOME

Kingsley is a scared rescue dog who was adopted by Anderson Wells and Jacob Ryer in April of this year. Kingsley was attacked by another dog on the street around 8:30pm on Oct. 25th. While trying to get away from the dog, Kingsley got out of his collar and ran off towards DuPont Circle. He left DuPont Circle and headed north on Connecticut Ave. NW and then west on R St. NW. We lost the chase after that. 

There were three reported sightings of a small black dog that same evening. The reports said he was seen near Adams Morgan on Calvert St. around Cliffbourne Pl. We have searched that area (Cliffbourne Pl, the Walter Pierce Dog Park, and Beach Drive) to no avail.

Around 8:15am on Oct. 27, a friend of Jacob's said they saw a dog that looks just like Kingsley near the E St. Expressway near the Kennedy Center. Then someone contacted Anderson around 8:00pm the same evening saying they saw a dog without a collar near the Tidal Basin. 

There are signs up all over DuPont Circle and Adams Morgan. We have been calling shelters, organizations, the police, friends, dog walkers, and park patrol. We've alerted vet offices and animal hospitals, rescue foundations, neighborhood listservs, and various Instagram and FaceBook accounts as well as websites like Prince of Petworth*. 

We are still looking. Jacob and Anderson love Kingsley intensely and want to bring him home. We are offering a $500 cash reward to anyone who can find him by Sunday, October 30th. Please help us find our little guy.

*If you see the post on P.o.P. of the found small black dog with the collar who has not been neutered, that is not Kingsley. We hope that dog finds its home too.
I saw a dog that looked a lot like him running along the roadside at the Ohio Drive entrance ramp to 66.  He looked happy, if not a little stressed. This was at approximately 8:00 am yesterday.
FOUND!
Suit Supply suits are can't miss, and the best suit you can get for $400. I second Charles Tyrwhitt for shirts. For pants that I pair with blazers etc. J. Crew or J. Crew factory are great options.
OP, once you've got a core wardrobe in place and aren't under time pressure or anything, I've found over the years you do *way* better online.     dappered.com is a good resource to watch for advice & sales, as is /r/frugalmalefashion.
Custom shirts are actually not that expensive. I like Nordstrom a lot for custom work, their price for shirts is like $120 depending on different options. There are also a few DC custom shops that seem to be in the same price range, $100-$150 for a shirt. There's Custom Shop Clothiers, Knot Standard, and Enzo. A shirt made to fit you blows off the rack out of the water. 
Get on CT's mailing list and they're always having sales. Even better if you can get them into your Facebook feed (not uncommon to see shirts for $29 deals via facebook). In general, if you should expect to pay about $45/shirt out the door at CT.  

Suit supply for suits. 

Saks has a black label at their off fifth stores that has good wool pants ($80/pair). 

Thetiebar.com for ties $19/tie and better than the toes at nordstrom rack.  

And nordstrom rack for shoes and accessories.
Isn't this dangerously close to a 'tailor' post? 
Hugh & Crye is a local DC company that makes pretty nice fitting dress shirts. They're in Navy Yard next to Bluejacket.

Also I've had a lot of success with Frank & Oak, who used to be online-only from Montreal but now have a physical store in Shaw. They have reasonably priced and modern fitting (ie slim/tailored look) suits, and I got an awesome peacoat from them that is definitely a winter upgrade over a North Face.
I love CT -- they are probably 85% of my business wardrobe. My only significant beef with them is that their suits only have one back pocket for some reason that I can't fathom.
I'd hit up J Crew on sale at that level - look for the bowery slims for pants and most any of their shirts rather than CT (which I've found to feel flimsy). You could also check out Club Monaco (Georgetown) and Bonobos, they have a guide shop in Shaw to try things on, and then you order online. Would definitely recommend Suitsupply for suits, best bang for your buck IMO.

If you want to take a step up (or several steps up for some of these), take a gander at Billy Reid, Steven Alan, Wolf vs Goat (no storefront, but makes some of the best shirting out there IMO), Sid Mashburn, and Brooks Brothers.
Avenue Jack on Connecticut just south of DuPont Circle. They have an excellently curated selection of men's clothing, jeans, accessories.
frank and oak, and basically all the shit around the shay.
Ledbury, in Georgetown for a B&M or online for free in home try on--and they're a Virginia business! They're headquartered in Richmond
Over the last few years, I've gone a little crazy with the made 2 measure stuff. I have shirts from Knot Standard, Ledbury, Black Lapel and Trumaker. I really like the KS ones but they're kinda pricey. Ledbury is a nice price point and I like the shirts a lot. Trumaker is OK but not as modern. Black Lapel, eeeeh.

I have a suit from Knot Standard, easily my best suit but most expensive. Also have one from Suit Supply which I like better because I paid less for it lol. I've recently bought a few Combatant Gentlemen suits on sale that are pretty decent modern suits for like $100 with another $75 of tailoring put into them.

Sad thing is this year I don't really wear any of it because I'm now a wrench monkey and didn't have any weddings to go to.
TJMaxx
Kohl's
If you want crowded anywhere on Dupont, U street, Adams Morgan. If you want something a bit more subdued then literally anywhere else.
[Mythology Restaurant](https://www.facebook.com/events/639929236166679/) on H Street is having a Halloween party. There will be DJ, costume party, prizes, etc. It's upscale and you won't have to deal with drunk college kids.
If Driving down K St NW last night at midnight was any indication, anything in the West End should probably end up in something fun or regrettable with the added flair of a costume. The Irish Whiskey Public house at M & 19th is low key considering the area, and is pretty cheap. 
Really just about any bar is going to be a shitshow. If you are looking for a pub crawl check out the Nightmare on M street.
Yes! Go to Jack Rose Dining Saloon. It's one of the best bars in D.C.
best suggestion, don't go.
They need Lucy: https://www.washingtonpost.com/express/wp/2015/04/20/meet-lucy-a-1582-ton-tunnel-boring-machine-that-tweets/

http://www.bizjournals.com/washington/breaking_ground/2015/12/d-c-water-completes-first-street-tunnel-with-flood.html

https://www.dcwater.com/cleanrivers
DC spews plenty of sewage itself. So does every city with a combined sewer system which is basically any city built before the 20th century. 

I'm not sure why they are singling out Alexandria. 
This plus the DC water treatment plant across the river means wonderful smells in Old Town! Yay!
And further up the Potomac farmers let their animals shit in the water. No fences along the water.
[deleted]
Virginia gives the District traffic, guns for crimes, and pollution. Such great neighbors. 
[deleted]
Parking's free with validation
Yeah, kinda sparse. The Brew Shop in Court House is better if you're looking for beer.
It's going to be pretty much the same as the other VA stores. If you like them, you'll dig it. If you don't, you'll hate it.
Yeah, the place is very nice just like any other Total Wine but it's not quite as large as the others I've been to.
I JUST WENT! I got $50 in gift certificates for judging food at an event for work so I decided to blow it on booze for a party this weekend. Free parking, kind of sparse selection, but I was able to buy 12 Flying dog beers, 36 PBRs (don't judge, it's for drinking games) and ginger beer for $54.33. 
Do you plan on having the manifold removed before welding or do you want it done in situ?
This was a long time ago, but Ivey Welding in Arlington welded a downpipe for me, half of which was cast iron.  Held up for several years at least - maybe they can weld the crack?  They aren't an auto shop so I imagine you would have to bring the part to them.  
Auto Tech Services on Ontario Road.
Man if my welder wasn't all the way out at my mother's place in Warrenton where my workshop and tools are I'd gladly offer to help you out.

How big is the crack?
Try Tachos machine shop on Rte 1 in Hyattsville
*Me reading about a cool pastor who wants to talk about spirituality* "Aw, that's nice. Too busy though."

*Me texting any hot chick on Tinder who will probably never sleep with me*
"Sure, let's grab dinner! I've got all the time in the world."
anyone else immediately think of those "Not a Sermon, Just a Thought" radio spots?

That's not a bad thing either tbh, those little ads are usually pretty interesting and thought provoking, even as someone with almost no spiritual depth beyond "why does everything suck"
Here's your chance folks. Convert this non-pagan! He's curious. 

Despite not being interested I do applaud this approach to have a conversation rather than usual.  Good luck. 
What church are you out of?
That's very kind of you, I hope people take you up on it.
Of course this sub would downvote a good guy trying to grab a drink and talk about religion. Come on people. 
Is this offer for a particular day or DM you and set up a play date in the future?
I might be interested. I'm an atheist fascinated by Jesus and am always puzzled at how the nation claims to be Christian but then doesn't strongly support say, taking in refugees. Also its interesting that your congregation is so young.
Only if we can have this conversation while high on psilocybin. Talk about a spiritual journey!
I love stuff like this, keep it up!! :D If I was around DC I'd totally take you up on this :P
I'd be all over this if it wasn't a 3 hour drive for me. You fly/I buy? ;-)
I'd love to hear about your experience in Chinatown.  So much has happened in 12 years.  I would imagine the community has really gone through a lot.
Love the idea of this. I lived in DC for 10 years, but now live in Texas. Hope you have great turnout. 
I'd love to help you see the error of your ways and convert to atheism, but that defeats the whole purpose of atheism for me.
How do you feel about lying to children for a living? 
Thanks! 
Thanks Shannon! 
Thank you!! This is so helpful! 
You are making less than I did doing similar things in DC with 1yr experience... in 2004.

I won't even begin to talk about critical services being run by less than 3 people in rotation: people take vacations and occasionally sleep.

So something doesn't jive here. Either the application isn't nearly as critical as you've been led to believe or you should be running far, far away from these managers. I'd probably ask for 150k with the knowledge that just walking away would be about 90% certain.
>5 years of loyalty,

This is where you went wrong, OP.    Don't feel bad, took me 8 years to learn the lesson.
I make ~$110k with the same experience as you. You can definitely ask for a raise but it's unlikely you're going to get it without jumping ship.
You are extremely underpaid.  A job like that is 90k - 130k.  I made more in my second year of IT as a 25 year old back in 2010.  5 years of loyalty backfired on you.  My suggestion is to begin looking for jobs - and if they ask for your previous salary, lie and say it was 100k
$200,000 a year
What you really need to ask yourself is this. How much could you make in Reston/Herndon doing the same job? Salaries in the DC region are not tied to the cost of living in a 3 mile radius from the office. That's why traffic is so bad -- the area is full of commuters who are not paid enough to live in the same zipcode as their office. 

That said, 5% was not an adequate cost-of-living boost for moving to DC, much less a cost of living increase AND a boost for increased responsibility. Unfortunately for you, you took the job at 5%. 

I think your best bet is to look for other jobs, get a better offer, and give them the opportunity to match that. However, it is not reasonable for you to expect them to pay you enough to live on Capitol Hill just because that is where the office is located... that is ridiculous.
One more-or-less objective way to compare salaries in different regions, strictly for COLA-type purposes, is through the federal government locality rates. These are percentages based on local costs-of-living that are added to base pay rates to give a federal employee's annual compensation.

The locality adjustment for Atlanta is 19.58%; for DC it is 24.75%. So if you had been a federal employee, your Atlanta salary would have been 1.1958 times some base salary, and your DC salary should be 1.2475 times this same base, which (unfortunately) means that your DC salary should be 4.35% larger than your Atlanta salary.

But I suppose the key here is that you aren't moving here for the same job; the job has been changed to include maintaining a "tier 1 critical" server.
System Admins can make up to twice as much in DC. You are underpaid. Start looking for a new job because you are in the right area for this. You likely can be making far more. If asking for a raise say that you know what people make in this area for this job. Tech workers do far better out here than what you are making. Also loyalty does not matter much when they are not paying you what they should, which is much more than what you are currently making. 
Not even considering what you should be making based on your experience and the job they are asking of you.  Just the cost of living change from Atlanta to Washington, DC area says you should get a far bigger raise than 5%.

Plugged it into this website: http://www.bankrate.com/calculators/savings/moving-cost-of-living-calculator.aspx

And it appears you need about 47% more money in order to have the SAME standard of living.
Take a look at the link, has an interesting cost comparison of different spending differences.
Is your goal just to live in DC? Because if so, you should be able to do that for $67k. I know plenty of people who do it for way less.
I just like to picture them riding around in trains from Wild Wild West
Super interesting read. Thanks for sharing!
The plan they ultimately went with is the one that didn't utilize Georgia avenue as part of the main commercial strip, right? I was always confused why they wouldn't better integrate it. But maybe my memory is failing me. Can anyone explain why they went in that direction?
oh my god I am so buying one tonight
I saw them before gates opened and they were pretty cool but I never did pull the trigger and buy one. Then when I came back for them near half time they were all sold out. 

The man said they'd have more on Sunday if United advanced. But they never did. 

They were 20 dollars each too. Really kicking myself over not buying one. 
Great idea. I'm a Red Bulls fan and I want one.
Thank god. Yet another reason to abolish the ancs. 
All this new architecture is going to age so badly.
The honor of a nation is its life. - Hamilton
Honestly, I see a lot of folks bitching about how boring DC architecture is, and they aren't wrong. However, I prefer the new design. The first attempt was exactly the same as every other new building going up around NW. At least the new proposal seems to look more "original" in that it could have been there for a long time. I think how they scaled back where the red portion of the building starts, makes it fit much nicer.
Honest answer?  If you're a Trump supporter.  Yea.  I would definitely go to Trump Hotel.  No way on earth they're not having a party, and I would imagine they'll pull out all the stops.  You should probably call ahead and make sure it's not invite only.  Maybe try to reserve a spot.

On a side note, nobody is going to fire you for your political views. Chill. 
What's so controversial? The fact that DC is blue and you're trying to lure them out to be speared and clubbed by Democratic masses?
[deleted]
waiting on the normal commenters who pop up whenever police brutality occurs claiming that the victims bring it on themselves for not knowing how to properly interact with the police
Knowing how the police union works, from this article, "our preliminary investigation" = what the PG county officer (the accused) told his boss. I do not remotely believe an off duty officer packing heat wouldn't identify both of these things during a stop. Come the fuck on.

>During a pat down, our officer discovered the man had a gun on his waistband. At that point, our officer took the man to the ground during a brief struggle. Our preliminary investigation reveals that it was only after the man was restrained by the original officer and backup officers did he identify himself as a police officer.<

That sounds pretty far fetched to me. I can't imagine a police officer not immediately telling another officer he's a cop if he's given a chance. 
Clearly the officer was in the wrong here.
>“Based on our preliminary investigation and preliminary review of an audio recording of the encounter in question, we believe our officer acted professionally and with restraint. 

Well, they should just release the audio recording, and that should clear everything up, right? If they guy didn't identify himself as a cop before being taken to the ground, then that's on him in my opinion.  If he did identify himself as being a cop, then it looks like the PG cop was in the wrong.  
Suspect Description: "Black male. Hoodie. Blue Jeans."

Well, [that narrows it down](http://artandeverythingafter.com/i-fit-the-description/) to only... half of P.G. county.
Good for cops to experience how fucked up they treat citizens every now and then I say.  
Exactly what is wrong with our society, it is always excuses. Just be upfront and tell the fucking truth. PG cop is an asshole.
Can we get the PG officer fired?  What the fuck is wrong with this guy?
Pay me $6k a year and I'll do it. 
We used Buildium for our 12 unit condo in dupont after firing a useless company who happened to just use a branded version of buildium and charge you up the wazoo for it.

Biggest issue we had was that while maintenece was minimal there was often a scramble to figure out who could telecommute to handle workmen. There was also the resident crazy woman who I heard has taken over the association now.
Our building uses Crescent property management. They do a good job and only charge I think $30/unit/month. 

I'd look into them if you want to save some money but still have a human to do stuff.
https://www.buildium.com/portfolios/association-management-software/
I'm into it.
I'm interested in this
Sounds great
Ooooh I'm in! 
What about just sharing Spotify playlists? 

Yeah sure! looks like we have similar taste
Wow yea awesome idea
I am very interested
Count me IN
I was looking for something just like this. Awesome idea. I want in!
fun, Fun, FUN
sooo excited......... -_-
Our agency is telling all red line riders to telework if they can. Word from WMATA (per our management) is that even on the other side of the red line, trains will be running at a significantly reduced capacity. 
Notice how the Capitol Dome is aligned with the station platform. The station was placed that way to frame the Dome under the [platform canopy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rhode_Island_Avenue%E2%80%93Brentwood_station#/media/File:Rhode_Island_Ave-Brentwood_Station.jpg).
Did someone watch Jurassic Park this week? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-W6as8oVcuM
Ugh. Time to start taking the Green Line downtown for the Caps games.
Fun fact - 

>"Starting Sunday, Metro riders will have direct trans-Potomac service between Virginia and National Harbor without having to travel through DC"

[That's not true.](https://www.google.com/maps/@38.7931124,-77.0316884,16.25z)  Unless the trip is via the Nice Bridge, or inner loop of the Beltway through Springfield/Tysons/Bethesda/Chevy Chase/College Park.  
Blue duck tavern!
How big is the group?  Matchbox does a nice brunch with lots of lunch options and is not super alcohol-centric, though you can have a bloody mary or a mimosa.  
Cava has a nice brunch. If you happen to be in or near downtown Bethesda Blacks Kitchen and Bar has a great seafood and champagne brunch.
There's no such thing as high-brow brunch. Everyone serves their cheapest ingredients and staffs with their worst chefs at brunch.

That said, one of the Jose Andres places is probably the best for a corporate group (Zatinaya, Oyamel, etc.).
Joe's Prime Steak and Seafood has a pretty badassed brunch service of the sort you'd want to put on your corporate card.

I would second Blue Duck as well.
The Fainting Goat is classy, casual, and has good food.
Yes!  Thank you for this.  I went one year, when it was in Crystal City and it was amazing.  I went solo, grabbed a beverage or three and walked around and was so inspired.  
I warned my boss months ago about how I basically couldn't make it to the office during this.  Working from home 3 days a week for the month
Plan accordingly guys!

Don't worry, I bought a bottle of tequila last night. 
How badly will the western side of the red line be fucked? I commute from Friendship Heights - Metro Center..should I just expect longer waits and busier trains?
Just told my boss...."we will see how it goes," says the guy with a dedicated parking spot. 
Are those of you on the west side of the RL even going to try metro during this, or also finding alternates?
driving over to twinbrook instead of to glenmont.  yay.  :|


Thank the maker that I am housesitting for a friend in Falls Church the next couple of weeks and get to drive to work until November 14th. Only one week of this shitshow for me!!
Bought a monthly line pass from lyft (20 rides for $30). I think it's gonna be fine.
Sucks for me cause I have to take the red line every Caps game down to Verizon. Guess I'll just park at Greenbelt. 

Could go to Fort Totten and change trains but I prefer to handle all my Metro in one ride instead of two. I remember Nats games waiting like 25 minutes for the next Red Line train at Gallery Place. 
Depends on what you're into. There are bar crawls (Pro Tip: Don't buy a ticket just go and most bartenders will give you the drink specials w/o even having a wristband. Or you can find someone with a wristband, give them money and have them buy the drinks for you (bring cash and a lot of singles if you choose this option). If not at this point tickets are like $20-$30 which means you'll have to buy 10-20 drinks to break even so it really isn't even worth it to buy one).

Here's a thread someone else made recently:

https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/590cte/21_halloween_weekend_in_dc/

There's trick or treating at embassy row. Another user said he'd be djing a silent disco at the embassy hotel.
Thanks for posting! I was wondering about Friday night Halloween events as well. We were going to go to Night of the Living Zoo but it's sold out.
25 or 43? There seems to be confusion here.
Is it just me or are metrobus drivers the fucking worst?  I had one honking and going absolutely apeshit because I wouldn't turn.... into a group of pedestrians.
Food Festival with no food? :| 
Go to one of the meetup.com events or the reddit happy hour!

It'll be a lot easier to score an invite to a house party in the flesh than as an  anonymous internet stranger. 

If you see a bunch of Hip Hop Nuns out with some beautiful Khaleesi's and Linda Belcher's on our arms, say hello! That'll be my group, and we'll be getting funky all weekend.

#WeThuggin&WeNunninBeeitchhh
So this is they same union that filed a lawsuit to reinstate a worker who continually filed false safety reports, right?

This smells like a charade. 
Other than the other comments about firing a union and bringing in new employees (which I dare you to ever try replacing a union if you ever run a business with one in place), I think there is big mess up by the general manager on a soft ball question.

Union Employees are accusing Management of forcing them to file false reports of everything being okay, and when asked about it the manager replies that communication is an issue in all of the transportation industry?

The correct answer is, "No, we ARE MOST CERTAINLY NOT telling Unions workers to falsify information."

WTF.
Stop the madness by firing the union leadership. They are screwing up Metro.
Inb4 ~~black people~~ unions are bad.
I like seeing areas being utilized instead of destroying natural areas that remain within the city. So this is great. Burnham Square is going to be pretty cool as well.
Not one mention of the massive homeless population that camps out 24/7 in that area, and the shelters right next to the project...
Nice story but obviously this project does not bridge Capitol Hill with downtown. It connects one part of downtown, near Capitol Hill, with another part of downtown. 
[Larriland Farm](http://www.pickyourown.com/) in Woodbine, MD has this. No admission fee at least for apple picking which I did. They had a maze and hayride and you could pick other fruits and vegetables too. There were also some farm animals; I remember seeing a goat. Looks like it's right about at your 1.5 hour limit.
[Rock Hill Orchard](http://www.rockhillorchard.com/) in Mt. Airy has apples, a corn maze, and a pumpkin cannon you can fire up through next weekend. It's not free but it's still a good time. They also have a creamery on site with ice cream made from their own cows.
[Cox Farms](http://www.coxfarms.com/) out in Centerville is a good one, with a petting zoo for goats, etc., a kind of silly but fun "haunted hayride" and lots of slides (some of which are fun even for adults).  Plus, there's live music, food, and free cider.  No apple picking, I don't think, but it's generally a fun day.
Temple Hall out in VA had a cornmaze, but what I liked most was blasting pumpkins out of cannons. That alone was well worth the drive. 
butlers orchard was where we would go when I was younger
I went apple picking at Hollins farm a few weeks back. Looks like maybe their apple season is done.

Try butlers orchard.
Giant and Safeway sell them if you look in the aisle where they keep Goya products and other Hispanic foods.
Trump Hotel has them in the gift shop
District taco at 13th and F has it
Pleasant Pops in Dupont/Adams Morgan has them frequently.
Wise Guy Pizza at 4th and H NW. 
I can't guarantee for DC, but I've bought them at Giants in MoCo. 
Wegmans 
NY Ave Safeway has them. Don't have to pay retail markup. 
Scheele's Market has them all of sudden.  I didn't see that coming.

I bought one last week and immediately had that 70's sensation of my teeth immediately rotting out.

10/10 will do again.  
I've seen it at CVS.
El Sol in Shaw. Also they have great tacos!

I typed up about a dozen responses to this, and in the end have to go with: "what the fuck, guys?"
This is ridiculous. I'm on the listserv for the Northern Ward 4 Dog Park and I know they are still working on finding a site, though. Hopefully a location will be approved eventually.
I'd like a map of the houses where the "Friends of the Takoma Recreation Center" live. Their front yards sound like the most appropriate place to drop off piping hot bags of dog crap.
From last year the tickets said "Gates open at 3 PM.
All attendees must pass through security screening and be in their seats no later than 4:30 PM." I'd check your tickets for more information.

Subreddit consensus seems to be "Pretty fun. Tree is underwhelming. Not worth it if standing or far in the back."
I went last year. We got there at 4 and there were plenty of seats. All the good seats are for like special people. There are lots of porta potties. So yea, stinky but available.


You cant see shit from the "normal seats" or from "standing room". I ended up just watching the big TVs (and playing "spot the sniper")

I mean I am glad I went, but I wouldn't go again.

Bring lots of warm clothes. Lots of them! 

You CAN NOT STAND in teh seating section. We ended up leaving early because of that. I had a young song (9 months) and he did not want to sit. We basically got kicked out.
DC is the only city I've been to that doesn't at least have a pop-up Halloween shop.  I suppose it would get taxed to hell plus the rent wouldn't make it worth it.  DC sucks sometimes.
I drive out to the Party City in the suburbs. Other than that, I'd check Target and Walmart.
there is a spirit halloween in Silver spring, there are various parties, targets, and walmarts that you can google and go to.
SILVER Spring Halloween spirit
Check out Chocolate Mousse around foggy bottom. I think it's 17th and L. 
The only good place on barracks row closed.
Buffalo exchange
There is a costume shop at The Crystal City shops. 
Wal-Mart
If you want to rent a good one this place in Alexandria Va rules, note the owner can come off as rude but is actually autistic 

http://www.americanbackstage.com/pages/costumes

 
Make one. White tshirt, red line down the middle, write delay on it. Boom, you're a delay on the red line
Amazon or online shopping.
https://www.bedbathandbeyond.com/store/product/3-piece-watermelon-keg-tapping-kit/1044228811
Can you be more specific? Is it an actual metal keg with beer already in it or are you creating your own "keg" out of a pumpkin?
Honestly, your traditional beer faucet is not the ideal solution for a pumpkin keg because it usually relies on pressure to help seal it (especially on cheaper versions, Perlick similar brands have a pretty good seal regardless of pressure). 

That being said, if you really want a metal beer faucet, the homebrew shop at 3 stars may be able to help you out, but myLHBS in Arlington is probably the best home brew store in the area, and I know for a fact I have purchased faucets there before (cheapo ones go for around 15-20, Perlick for like 50).

I would recommend however something like [this](http://www.homedepot.com/p/Homewerks-Worldwide-1-2-in-Brass-Sillcock-Valve-with-Push-Fit-Connections-P212-8-12/203518344) or [this](http://www.homedepot.com/p/SharkBite-1-2-in-Brass-PEX-Barb-x-Barb-Ball-Valve-22461LF/202270559) from home depot for sub 10 bucks. 
If you don't care that the tap has a watermelon on it...

https://www.amazon.com/Final-Touch-Black-Watermelon-Tapping/dp/B00KNXISEE/ref=sr_1_1?rps=1&ie=UTF8&qid=1477672275&sr=8-1&keywords=pumpkin+keg+tap&refinements=p_85%3A2470955011

Here you go officer
       
http://dcist.com/2016/09/weed_delivery_in_dc.php
You can't buy weed in DC. You have to be D.C. resident to get medical marijuana card. 
/r/HailCorporate 
What is this Uniqlo.
Doesn't seem like much of a mega thread.
They had a private release party last night. Some of the folks over at r/frugalmalefashion went and met up. 
There's now a uniqlo in Tyson's. What else is there to say?

No need to jizz your pants over a place where you can buy clothes an hour away. 
/r/nova
Is this for a store in Virginia?
If the future if you have the time, fight the ticket in person. While they don't allow video, it is a lot easier to make an argument in front of a real person. 

Perhaps store a tape measure in your car, and if you get the ticket again, take LOTS of photos with the tape measure on the ground measuring the distance between your bumper and the alley.
Frankly, parking enforcement should be taking a photo of every vehicle they ticket anyway for this very reason, and at appropriate angles for tickets like this.  A ticket is not prima facie evidence, but a ticket with photos is.  
I noticed this last night too! My fear that I will be stuck in that tunnel in the apocalypse, clueless and just sitting in traffic, is alleviated!
Really? This is exciting and no that is not sarcasm! 
The last time that I can distinctly remember going through that tunnel with my radio on is roughly 5 months ago, and it cut off then. So I'm guessing it must be pretty recent.
It's been installed for as long as I can remember. Back in the 1980s When I lived in the DC area one was able to get AM and FM broadcast reception in all three Mall tunnels. Must have broken and was recently repaired or replaced.
There are people who still listen to FM radio? Why?
There's a few options on this [wallpaper site](http://more-sky.com/group/washington-dc-desktop-wallpaper/) (though several of those aren't DC).  

[Metro](http://more-sky.com/WDF-276653.html), [Cherry Blossoms](http://more-sky.com/WDF-276658.html), [Georgetown Street](http://more-sky.com/WDF-276669.html)
Just because I'm curious, what says "DC" to you, without including monuments or government buildings? I'm sure there is something but I can't think of what.

Edit: Museums? 
It's easy to turn this photo of DC from the international space station into wallpaper.  

https://www.washingtonian.com/2016/01/29/heres-a-great-view-of-washington-from-space-international-space-station/
This is my favorite, posted a week ago. 

https://i.redd.it/9bwfh66sf2sx.jpg
Great question! I'm decorating a new bathroom and was thinking about doing a bunch of framed photos, drawings, and/or maps on one wall and I think I just going to steal all of the ideas in this thread!

My only suggestion is to look into either old maps or check out [Cherry Blossom's artsy neighborhood maps](http://www.cherryblossomworkshop.com/).
I know Flickr is pretty dead, however it's still a great source for beautifully shot photographs, many of which the uploaders allow to be downloaded at large or original file size. I would suggest searching there. Down side is that I'm pretty sure you have to have a Yahoo account to download anything now.
There are some good photographers on this sub who occasionally share wallpaper-sized versions of their pictures by request. I can't remember their usernames, so I'll let other people tag them.
Interesting. I'm not sure I've seen wallpaper of the monuments before but it's a cool idea. This is a cherry blossom walllaper. Maybe good for a bathroom or something?
https://www.grahambrown.com/us/cherry-blossom-soft-pink-wallpaper/20-811-master.html
Apparently they're trying to focus on pizza and burger places, as if the market has a complete absence of make your own pizza joints and overpriced burger places.

Also from the article "With much of the ShopHouse menu tasting more or less the same when blended together, the bowls required copious amounts of the hot sauce." wat
My main complaint with ShopHouse was that the ingredients didn't really lend themselves to customization - you could dump anything into a ShopHouse bowl and get pretty much the same inoffensive result. I don't think "the Chipotle of burgers" is going to fix that problem though.
Bummed about this. We don't need another "Build your own pizza" place with &pizza and mod pizzas across the city. 
Everything hurts and nothing is sacred
The original article cited by the Washington City Paper says Shophouse isn't dying but that Chipotle isn't putting more money into it.

There's still hope.

https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.businessinsider.com/chipotle-abandons-shophouse-2016-10


On the positive side, we will finally have a way to custom-order a burger with just the toppings we want.
oh crap. i liked that place. :(
Chipotle's first burger concept, Tasty Made, launches tomorrow in Ohio.

Their pizza concept, Pizzeria Locale, is open in Boulder, Denver, Cincinnati, and Kansas City.
I like Cava Mezza more than shop house. Sometimes the food is not very warm when I order from shop house
Honestly, I won't miss it. The food wasn't that bad, but it wasn't very good either. 
Huh. I had never heard of it until I wandered into the one next to the Verizon center. I was disappointed when I told the employee I wanted all of the vegetables and he replied "they're a dollar each."
Damn, I really liked that place when I was working in Chinatown. 
This news makes me sad. I ate Shophouse a lot. 
Oh, that's pretty sad to see.  Just went yesterday, since I started working near Union I go every now and then, I really liked it.  Was never a fan of copious amounts of Sriracha like mentioned in the article, it drowned out all the flavor, as it is apt to do.
You don't Satay. Unbowlievable.
FUCK. Love that place (and yes, I go and spend $$ there - so it's not one of those "I love the place... but I never go")
Oy! I *love* Shophouse!
Today is a very sad day. We need to start a grassroots movement to save it. 
Thanks for the free bowls shophouse, loved the promotions.  I guess that was the only way to get ppl into your restaurants.
I still haven't been. How long have I got to check it out before it closes for realsies?
Union station one seems to do well given the density of competition. I'd like to see the books for that location.
Yes there truly is an overabundance of pizza and burgers.  But the fact that those two things are so popular and easy to make also makes them more appealing to sell as well
I love Shophouse. I think Lime Fresh is absolutely disgusting.
This is sad to hear. 

ShopHouse was one of my favorites to eat at outside of Verizon Center before caps games. Great food although the portions were a bit small. But still very tasty regardless. 
Honestly, I hated the fact that ShopHouse was basically a carbon-copy of Chipotle on the inside, even down to the fixtures. It never had a feeling of being its own thing, it just seemed like a Chipotle with different ingredients. 

The food was definitely high-quality, but I think Chipotle never dedicated enough resources to make it viable.
damn
[deleted]
ShopHouse was hard for me because I for me because of my diet.  I wouldn't die if I ate something else, but I would feel ill after. 

It was okay the couple of times I got it for free, but not something I'd pay for regularly. 
When is it actually closing? I've never tried it so I might as well get it before it closes down for good. 

Any recommendations on what to order?
Am I the only one who thought it was slightly racially offensive that they just mixed every type of asian food together? 
To those who are pooh poohing Shophouse right now, I say, I hope you die in a metro fire. 
Ok, this post gave me a good laugh.

How about black clothes and a hat? https://www.amazon.com/Rittle-Animal-Realistic-Costume-Headwear/dp/B012XYN3UY/
Buy a cheap Left Shark costume and some black spray paint.  You can get through this.  
I seriously was considering this same costume, for no reason.

How desperate? This has next-day air.

http://www.costumekingdom.com/p-23576-killer-whale-orca-costume.aspx
Please tell me you're going to be a killer whale from Bojack
There's a year-round costume shop right off from the Van Dorn metro. Try calling and asking what they have.
Try Target, they have a random assortment of animal costumes. Maybe you'll get lucky.

I do have a too small tiger costume, though.
I've got a King Crab costume
http://images.buycostumes.com/mgen/merchandiser/king-crab-adult-costume-bc-32429.jpg?zm=1600,1600,1,0,0
Just use a steak knife and a rough approximation of a whale costume.
Buy a black hoodie, some white felt. I made one for my daughter, took me a couple of hours.
[eBay](http://www.ebay.com/itm/like/262477644100?lpid=82&chn=ps&var=561284234885&ul_ref=http%253A%252F%252Frover.ebay.com%252Frover%252F1%252F711-117182-37290-0%252F2%253Fmtid%253D1588%2526kwid%253D1%2526crlp%253D110544474129_324272%2526itemid%253D262477644100%2526targetid%253D197634917769%2526rpc%253D0.13%2526rpc_upld_id%253D86606%2526device%253Dm%2526mpre%253Dhttp%25253A%25252F%25252Fwww.ebay.com%25252Fulk%25252Fitm%25252Flike%25252F262477644100%25253Flpid%25253D82%252526chn%25253Dps%252526var%25253D561284234885%2526adtype%253Dpla%2526googleloc%253D9061285%2526poi%253D%2526campaignid%253D623606627%2526adgroupid%253D32762312649%2526rlsatarget%253Dpla-197634917769%2526gclid%253DCj0KEQjwqMHABRDVl6_hqKGDyNIBEiQAN-O9hOqdg7dX2pw85pu2pe4OQWGK6Pd0kMA9s-JYOM-ZP5IaAhMa8P8HAQ%2526srcrot%253D711-117182-37290-0%2526rvr_id%253D1115295027960&ul_noapp=true) has an option, you can ask the seller about rushing the shipping.

Or [Jet] (https://jet.com/product/detail/c32241673c5b4baab7ac849b4f219da8?jcmp=pla:ggl:b_nj_dur_gen_apparel_accessories_a2_b1:apparel_accessories_costumes_accessories_costumes_a2_other:na:PLA_632211564_26499289257_pla-161667090060:na:na:na:2&code=PLA15&gclid=CLnTgreB-s8CFcieNwoddEoLvA&gclsrc=ds), they have 2 day shipping. 

Target's costume looks to be online only.
I have a giant inflatable cowboy hat, will that work?
Nondescript middle aged white guy works for me. YMMV.
I think 5 Below in Columbia Heights has whale pool rafts.. you can maybe figure something out with that?
I'm going to single track for a week just because this article has sullied my good name. 
Automate the trains again.
My guess is that the Metro Operator actually followed correct protocol. Shift lengths are likely set for safety and fatigue reasons as much as anything else. At the management level Metro should provide enough buffer time in a shift schedule that this sort of thing doesn't happen. 
On the other hand, if something had happened which injured the operator, a bystander, or damaged the train, Metro would be holding HIM liable since "he shouldn't have been operating the train. his shift ended."

If Metro wants to set rules guiding how long someone can operate a train, and the restrictions about work and utilization, they cannot express outrage when an employee follows them because they understand the risk.
I wonder if metro operators have strict rules on the number of hours they can work like truck drivers do? If that was the case where they are required to log the number of hours worked then the operator is stuck in catch 22.
I must say, I would fire the manager too.  He/she didn't manage their staff's the shift end times properly, and it looks like the operator was not trained properly on what to do in cases where your shift ends, but you're not at a railyard.
> I expect all of our employees to use basic common sense.

You know what they say about common sense...
Here's  how this should have played out.

"Hey, supervisor, my shift is over."
"Ok, I'll get the next operator asap."
"Thanks."

Sticking hard and fast to the letter of the rule when it is clearly better to bend is asinine. As long as everyone uses common sense and doesn't take advantage there should be no issue. Another clear example that shows the disconnect between management and front line. Personally I stand on the side of management on most of these issues.  

I can see where in light of budget concerns metro staff have been told no overtime. Guy gets worked until the exact end of his shift and then gets told ,hey just move this train. Multiply that by 10 times per pay period and it adds up.
It's that great work ethic that shines in the people that Metro hires.
I'm just going to assume this operator also possesses a Maryland driver's license. 
http://elpais.com/elpais/2016/09/14/inenglish/1473865438_503491.html  You're Spain now, DC... congratz...
[deleted]
If I wasn't out of town, I'd totally be there. Sounds like a great idea!
This sounds pretty cool!
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/washingtondc] [Reminder: DC Data Group: Meetup #1 - 11\/5 @ 2pm](https://np.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/5b9q5z/reminder_dc_data_group_meetup_1_115_2pm/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
I'm here with a reddit sign: white t-shirt with black lettering!
Oops.  Looks like I missed this one.
Virginia, eww. joking, I'm interested in this meetup. I do ETL/Analytics using alot of AWS products. Pretty adept at SQL but never touched R or Strata. 
Didn't Metro just get $5B a few years ago as part of Metro Forward? 
Metro urgently needs more funding. I'm glad to hear a discussion about it.
..Is this just the downstairs of barrel? I haven't been there in a while but that's not really that secret
This post is literally just one giant advertisement for this bar
The honor of a nation is its life. - Hamilton
What's the point of censoring "P***y" and then showing the menu that doesn't censor "pussy"?
“We made the menu huge so it makes the customers feel like they have small hands,” bar manager Mike Haigis tells IJR.

Come on, this along with the picture of a guy holding a menu the size of a whiteboard is pretty hilarious...
Article is much better if you imagine Stefan from SNL narrating.
God I miss the 18th Amendment.
The amount of jaded snarkiness in these threads is a microcosm of DC, it's just a bar people. If you don't see the point, just don't go.
Damn. A couple of those drinks look really good! The whiskey with honey, arrack and black pepper bitters especially. I'm also curious about the Vietnamese iced coffee cocktail. The had never occurred to me.
Someone should tell them Soju is Korean, not Chinese. 

Hard pass
So I'd definitely check this out because this seems fun, original, & derivative.  It seems to have escaped most other righteous commenters here that this is a joke, but to each their own.
> Donald Trump is not popular on Capitol Hill.

On the contrary, Trump is *very* popular on Capitol Hill among Democrats.
I am trying to imagine what I would say if I ordered a drink there.


"Can I have one 'grab them by the pussy' and a cheeseburger with fries?  Extra ketchup, please."
Its not a real Trump Themed bar if it does not have a 24k Gold Toilet.
I don't get it. 
hey rob or leah, i know you're around here somewhere
"However, if you're like most of the country and you need a drink to forget this election, you may want to avoid the the secret Trump-themed bar on Capitol Hill."

And here's all the information you need to go to the bar!
A great place to offend your Vietnamese,  Chinese or Mexican friend. Hell-to-the-no.
I think somebody moved a church in NW a few decades ago.

Anyhow any time I ponder this development, I wonder why the FBI didn't get involved to build the new HQ on this plot.  Maybe they didn't want to have an interstate under them?  
maybe they should just put the little synagogue on wheels? :-) (like, permanently. ;-) 
For this project, are they going to send F St right through the Gtown Law campus? That seems like it will suck.
**BUN BUN!**

yeah, you bet you're going to get sent dumpster diving for not giving a second thought to a specifically positioned stuffed bunny.

Happy ending, after all. Good eyes looking out, social media people and garage guy.
"I see a stuffed rabbit doll sitting on the top of a trash can, looking rather forlorn. He looked sad sitting there, head down. He also looked really loved. It totally tugged on my heart strings."  
Reminded me of that Calvin and Hobbes storyline where Hobbes goes missing. Still makes me choked up reading it. 
So you had a great time and are still complaining? 


Don't come back to this subreddit
If you want to make pointless complaints that no one cares about, this is why we have [PoPville](http://www.popville.com/)
Holy shit what an entitled little bitch. 
CSB
Your taste in music is bad and you should feel bad about it
There's a stand on K St. at Vermont that has them (and Hillary gear as well)
1. You can rush order one on Amazon
2. Please don't do this
Check out the tacky tourist stores downtown. The ones with bus loads of fat people out front are the most likely to carry maga hats. They may also help with costume ideas. 
I've seen some of the shitty souvenir stores near the mall selling Trump paraphernalia. They might have knockoffs?  

I recall seeing MAGA hats at the America! store at Union Station a couple of months ago.
There's a store near the escalators in the Pentagon City Mall that has HRC and Trump gear. 
There's a newsstand type store on Conn Ave just south of the strip club at Florida that sells them.

But also please don't.  Unless you're a child or dog, it's not cute or funny.
It's not worth it.  If you live in DC, for the love of God, don't do a political costume.  It marks you out as 'that guy' and is awful.  


If anyone knows of a custom/embroidery place near downtown that I could take one of those blank red trucker hats into to get a Make blank Great Again job done, please lmk. Its for a Game of Thrones themed costume.
Shhhhh no
If those micro units cost 1000 a month I would move in. But they're way overpriced for their size.
People living different lifestyles is a good thing. 

Also, there's no "valiantly" to go off of here. Like this quote:

>"Rosecrants, 32, says. “But it ended up being surprisingly not hard. There’s actually something fun about it.”"


I don't think the concept of micro-units is awful. People generally have too much stuff anyway and if you're not going to have lots of guests over, or cook big meals all the time what's the point of an extra bedroom or a huge kitchen? It's an efficient use of space and resources.  

What I have a problem with is the implementation and people charging only a couple hundred bucks less for a microunit than they do a normal 1br. A 300sf apartment should cost less than 1/3 the cost of a 900sf apartment. You're getting 1/3 the space and you're part of a limited market.  I also have a problem with people paying these ridiculous prices. If developers get rewarded for charging insane prices for smaller and smaller apartments, guess what they are going to keep doing...  
They don't look that uncomfortably small but holy shit are they expensive
The honor of a nation is its life. - Hamilton
Oh how fun! It's like an efficiency but they call it something else so the leisure class thinks it's an innovation. Double the price to keep the "riffraff" out. 

Bloody brilliant.
ugh. I moved from NYC to DC in small part to get away from the idea of doorman buildings with cool amenities charging $texas for a 700 sq ft 2BR. the logan circle/shaw buildings like Harper, Holm, City Market, etc. are the beginning of bad news.
Micro units would be a decent idea if they were actually cheap. I'm paying $300 less for a place that is twice the size of a micro unit.
These people are insane. Not for the small spaces but for the prices they are paying.
>On her move-in day at the Harper, standing in her 375-square-foot, $1,950-a-month studio, with her pared-down belongings piled on luggage carts, Wylie surveys her 12-by-15-foot living area and says: “I’ll have to choose between a couch and a table. I think I’ll pick a coffee table with a chair, so I can eat like that."

Holy shit, that is the exact mortgage payment on my 3bdr 2ba rowhouse. The fact that somebody is paying that amount per month for something smaller than my basement is mind boggling. Yeah I get that people want the convenience of having everything right there, but at least give me a damn bedroom for that that price.
As much as I like the idea of micro living, if the place is that small it really needs to reflect in it's price. 

Granted, I don't need luxury convieniences so that makes things easier for me.
I have a hard time seeing the appeal. But then again, I'm 6'6 and small spaces just don't work for me. 

To each their own. 
So you are saying it's just like those Geico commercials. That gecko living in a small ass box. 
[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3811 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/29305)
The fetish with living on that side of the river in some trendy (for a hot second) neighborhood sort of baffles me at this point in my life (low 30s). After I got over it, I vastly prefer Arlington. $2250 is about what I pay for a 2br/2ba with 1150 square feet. If I wanted a 1BR or studio I'd be saving $400-600 (obviously going backward in the economy of scale, but you get the point). I'm 15 minutes and $11 in an Uber/Lyft from that micro apartment. I guess if my entire social life was glued to that 3 block radius, maybe it would be worth it? 
I'm sure the 23 year old's parents really enjoy paying her $2000 rent so she can have "bars and restaurants right below her" that she can't afford anyway. The level of entitlement there...
I mean, I am over-paying for what I get but these people are a little insane.  
It's expensive, but pretty comparable to other high-end hotel bars. The St. Regis has a basic bloody mary for $17 and a silly Angry Orchard is $8. A regular lemonade is $7 lol. Off the top of my head, Left Door also has a $100 drink but it comes with less value and no caviar or food items with it.
Cut N' Edge  is the only place I've gone back to more than twice. I've been with them for two years now. On top of the excellent haircuts and attention to detail they are also the best priced place I've found

I went to Bang Salon in Navy Yard for the first time this morning. I'd recommend it! Starting price for a haircut is around $40.
The bandwagon begins!

Just kidding, I think. But if you don't mind going to Pentagon City, I believe there's a Modell's and a Champ's over there. Could always call ahead to make sure they have gear in stock, but those are probably safe bets. DC seems to have a lack of those types of places in the city itself though, but I haven't been here that long, so maybe I'm mistaken.
On amazon
You might be able to see them in local malls (i.e. Springfield Town Center sports store?) but that might be a reach. 
I must be cursed, this season I switched from being a Cub fan to Nationals after 7 years and now this happen with Nationals go in the toilet and Cub having a bandwagon. 
Anyone know if this is still true as of 3:45?
Your submission appears to be an attempt to buy or sell a product or service and has been automatically removed.
/r/washingtondc does not allow these kind of posts. Please direct them to /r/DCDump.

The moderators have been notified of this post and if removed in error, will approve it as soon as possible.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/washingtondc) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
Will any of these shindigs ever happen on a Saturday?
You should make this Halloween themed so people wear costumes. 
[I took a picture of a goat.](http://s92131192.onlinehome.us/images/honeymoon/DCP_0089.JPG)
Park View
Bear! The gargoyle of Morgans seafood. He's a damn good dog. 
regally majestic as fuck!
Compared to that beautiful beast the Prince of Petworth sure does look like a big old pile of shit, that's for certain.  
But did you put enough hashtags on there?
Looks like a alpha dog to me
Roof dog loves the roof.
Awesome. I haven't seen him in a while, glad to see he's still around and being magnanimous.
You're not alone. Have you tried your college's alumni network? I got my first job by reaching out to an alum on LinkedIn.
Hey OP,

It's too late for 2016, but the VA Governor's race is going to be starting up come January. There will be a lot of money poured into that race because VA's campaign finance laws are a dumpster fire, and because Terry McAuliffe (aka the biggest fundraiser you've barely heard of) is the outgoing Governor and will be driving up the fundraising efforts on both sides. I'd recommend trying to get work as an organizer or fundraiser or tracker.

You'll make shit money for a year, but it's somewhat offset by the fact that they'll likely offer you supporter housing (as an FO). There will also be opportunities to jump to another race come 2014, particularly if you do good work and your supervisor likes you.

I got my start working on the Governor's race in 2013. I made 27k that year, and then found myself making 54k at a union in 2014 and it's only been climbing since. At my last job I made 73k. 
You got a lot of great advice and offers of help. But as for "how do you deal" - you just get up every day and do your best. And be really kind to yourself. And cut out the people in your life who make you feel like crap about yourself. And you figure out how to pump yourself up before networking events/interviews/coffee meet-ups so that you go in with a great attitude even though inside you feel like shit because you can't get a job (I have a magic playlist).

I've been there. For longer than 8 months. And you can totally get through it. Every day is a new opportunity. You never know if the person asking you for directions will be interviewing you 2 hours later, so always be nice and kind and look neat when you are out and about (this really happened to me and I ended up getting the job and a great reference).

And this will sound hokey - but if you take this time to really really reflect and do some soul-searching about what you can/can't tolerate, what makes you happy, and what you need (not just want) to get by - you will be better off in a few years than your friends who got insta-employed and maybe didn't have as much of a struggle.

And if you try and try and keeping trying: you will learn to hustle. After my long long time on the job market, I am a whiz at interviews. Went from 0/10 offers for interviews, really got my game down and the next were 10/10. Now I coach young people out of college who are interviewing for their first government gig. 

I didn't need a better resume or better job experience - I just needed to learn to hustle and I needed some luck. And now that I can, I realize I have a ton of advantages over my colleagues. I've been in my current organization less than a year and have more contacts that my colleagues who have been there 3+ years. I am way better at communicating what I bring to the table. Perhaps strange, but I am way more confident about what I bring to the table after that period of unemployment.

So how do you deal? First, be really really kind to yourself. Do things that nurture your soul, not just your career goals. Go to the park and read, draw, write, listen or play music, go volunteer at an animal shelter. Really reflect on what you have to offer the world (not just a job). Keep yourself grounded in the stuff that is more important than your job title. This is often hard to do in this city, when the first question is "what do you do", but it is essential for feeling good about yourself and having that shine through when you land that first gig.

You got this!
So first, stop comparing others' success to yourself. You don't know their overall circumstances. Chances are, a lot of them had an in of sorts. But there is no sense beating yourself up about your situation. It is what it is.

Second, take a close look at yourself under a microscope. Is your resume strong? What's your application process? Are you just shotgunning anything and everything? Are you taking time to apply with thought? If you make it to an interview, do you interview well? What can you do to improve your chances starts with improving yourself and your methods.

It sounds like you are shooting for something very specific. Are you really doing all you can do to break in? Volunteering? Working all the angles?

Lastly, I know it's tough but you said you're struggling to stay sane. You are at where you're at. You HAVE to stay positive. So if you're not in a traditional 9-5 job setting now, if you have mornings off, try and enjoy it ways regular working stiffs can't. Ride a bike around the Mall or Haines Point. Hang out at the Library of Congress with a researcher card. Etc etc. Try and make the most of your situation.

Good luck!


If you'd like someone to look at your resume and/or cover letters, feel free to PM me. I have a BA in political science and did a couple of internships while bartending/waitressing at night before finding a full-time job. It can be very frustrating! I had an easy time getting interviews but had to learn how to interview better in order to get hired. 
Well, the DC government is hiring like crazy. Join in.
I don't work in politics (anymore), but if you have any interest in/capabilities around financial/analytical consulting, let me know, my company is always looking for smart folks.
Check out Edelman or Edelman Berland. They love people with poly-sci backgrounds.
Hey OP, I feel you. I was in a similar boat, but with a JD and likely much more debt. Feel free to shoot me a PM and I would be happy to chat and/or take a look at your resume. It's been a few years and I finally feel like I've cracked the code, so to speak. Don't give up!
A lot of good advice here so I just want to reinforce one point: make the most of this time. There are a ton of folks deep in the DC rat race that long for the opportunity to explore themselves and new ventures as you are. I'm satisfied with my job and I still look back at the freedom of my unemployment stint fondly. This area overworks like no other and and doesn't like letting go once it has you. Stay diligent and confident in what you bring to the table and someone will recognize. As unnerving as unemployment is in ways it's let's stressful than what many in this city subject themselves to everyday.
I'm in the same boat..interned on the hill, couldn't find work. Going through interviews still while working on a campaign out of the DC area until the elections. Graduated in May, looking forward to all the jobs opening up post-elections. Additionally feeling discouraged. It's a tough game out here but I think if you stick at it you will find some work. 
If you are trying to work on the Hill, then you arrived at the worst possible time.  Depending on which party you are aligned with, there are likely to be a lot of new opennings in a few months.  Timing is very important for political positions.
Keep on keepin' on. Finding a job is your job. Apply, apply, apply, and keep networking. Life is a competition, and you're not always going to win. Something will work out whether it's something you were expecting or like or not.
Other folks suggested alternative careers - I would suggest looking into Salesforce.com consulting. An entry-level BA typically makes around 65-75k and there's tons and tons of room for fast advancement. 
If you have any interest in international development type work, PM me your resume.
Where is your degree from?
I feel you, I have been here for five years STILL havent got into my field. I met the man of my dreams, otherwise I probably would have turned tail and headed back to Ohio long ago. I still have some hope on hte horizon, but if my luck doesnt change soon we are going to head somewhere else.
May not be what you're looking for but with your polisci degree you could possibly get some work in the legal arena as a paralegal or other legal admin. Pays pretty well for entry level at most corporate lit firms, especially if you get overtime. I'm a web producer now but this is what I did for my first 4 years in DC after graduating. Check out Palmer Legal Staffing or some of the other legal staffing firms.

http://www.palmerlegalstaffing.com/

http://www.mylegale.com/

https://www.roberthalf.com/washington-dc/legal

*Edit in terms of "how to deal* make a point about getting dressed fully every day instead of lounging around in your pajamas. And don't sleep late. Both of these can help your energy and keep you motivated.
What about working as an intelligence analyst with a defense contractor? SAIC, Booz, BAE, Lockheed Martin... 
Just curious, what were your original career interests? Specifically, were you wanting to work more on the political side, or the policy side?

Without knowing anything about you, I will say that oftentimes people with an interest in politics will move to DC immediately after college, only to find that the competition for entry level jobs is insane here. In reality, depending on what you are interested in, there's a good chance that you may have a higher chance of getting a foothold in your career field by going to "the states" (areas other than Northern VA, DC, or NYC), and applying for jobs there.


1) You have a degree in Poli-Sci.. That means you are generally bright, and unskilled...

2) Have you considered Grad School get some directed skills? IT, Finance? Export certification?

3) That you aren't working on a campaign is Folly. If you are Poli Sci and were unemployed for 2 years, why weren't you working for Jeb! or Trump, or Bernie, is Folly. I can get why you weren't going to work for HRC. There isn't enough PhisoHex in a GSA Warehouse to wash the Hillary off of you after  a long day. But why you weren't working on a House Race, or at NRCC or DCCC or Our Revolution?  

Jeez... It's down to the wire, now, but,  

4) You need to be temping, doing solid work.

5) Get out there and excercise every day. Walk two miles at lunch time, and meet 4 people.  Introduce yourself, hand out resumes, give out biz cards.  


I'd choose Reston. The time you save from short commute can be easily put into those times when you want to go out in Arlington. Unless you want to go out every night... then choose Arlington.
I work in Reston and live in Adams Morgan. Easy access in and out of the District using Rock Creek Parkway. My morning communte is 45 mins, evening is 1 hour. I think it's a great location.
Probably depends what you do/what you want.  

Reston won't be significantly cheaper (in fact it could easily be more expensive) than Arlington, particularly if you're willing to live in a group house (there are many more of those in Arlington - you could easily find a room in a good neighborhood, walking distance to the metro/nightlife for under $1000).  

Very generally speaking, I think you'll find more people in your station in life going out in Arlington.  Very generally speaking (there are obvious exceptions) DC tends to be immediate post grads, Arlington tends to be late 20's/early 30's, and Reston tends to be about the same bracket to older, but often married/settled down. 
I'd also note the demographic will be slightly different.  Arlington will be a highly educated crowd of "world changers" - non-profit, government (but more of the Hill/appointee type).  That's who you'll meet at the bars.  

In Reston, you'll meet "contractors" (often of the type that can't tell you about their jobs), career feds, and more in the way of "townies" (ie people from the area, who have the type of jobs necessary in any community, versus people with "DC only" jobs).  

TL, DR: If you want to meet other non-profit types at the bars, live in (or at least go out in) Arlington.  If you want to meet people making 6 figures plus as contractors that can't tell you about their jobs, live in/go out in Reston.

I'll put in a vote for Arlington here, your commute is gonna vary day-to-day but you should budget for about 45 minutes there and back, living in DC will easily add 30 minutes to that during rush hour. 

Owning a dog anywhere in Northern Virginia is pretty easy, dog parks and dog friendly establishments all over the place. It's not difficult in DC either but chances are your apartment/house will be smaller and less likely to have dog-sized yard. 

As other people have mentioned, Reston has some places to go out for a couple drinks or a bite to eat but the atmosphere and crowd at World of Beer and Barcelona wine bar is gonna be very different from what you would experience in DC/Arlington so it really depends on what you're looking for from a night out. Obviously Arlington offers multiple Metro stops along with Uber which can vary in price, a personal UberX generally runs about $15-20 if you're headed to, lets say 14th Street NW. UberPool can be as cheap as $3 depending on when you're traveling, the rides usually last about 25 minutes during high traffic times such as Friday night. 

Housing also depends on what you're looking for. If you want your own 1 or 2 bedroom apartment in a new construction you'll pay about the same in Arlington and Reston, whereas DC will be slightly to significantly more expensive depending on where you want to live. You can find some cheaper garden apartment options around Arlington and Fairfax but those tend to be older buildings that can vary in quality and you'll still be looking at a minimum of $1,300 for a 1br. If you're open to a shared house living situation there's plenty of ads on Craigslist and other sites, I can't speak to how much one of those would cost in Reston but Arlington prices generally hover around $900-1100, again depending on the condition and location of the house, anything within a reasonable walking distance to metro will be at the higher end of that and above. 

Hope some of that was helpful.
Ballston...

Commute the silver line and hang with the ladies on Wilson Blvd.
Hi guys, OP here. I ended up getting a place in Logan Circle, walking distance to 14th Street, U street, and Shaw, and am insanely happy about it. It's a little bit cheaper than my current place in Merrifield - albeit half the size. I have been able to arrange a flexible schedule with work where I can go in earlier and leave earlier, making my commute ~40 min in he morning and an hour in the evening; about an additional 20 min from what I do now. But now I will not need to "commute" to social/cultural activities, which makes all the difference for me. I did look at places in Arlington but they were depressing to me- the main draw being that they were *closer* to where I wanted. 

I do not want a life of going to chain stores and chain restaurants in Reston. Admittedly it is convenient to do errands there at lunch (Target, Petsmart, Home Depot, Trader Joe's, plus everything in the Town Center), but that just makes it better to do all that shit while I am out there from 8-4 and still be able to get all the social and cultural life in the city. My friends and peers here do NOT live in the suburbs, and I currently feel like I may as well be visiting them from another part of the country when I do spend time with them.
Reston, near Lake Anna if you can swing it. As someone with a commute that can be 2hrs long, let me tell you that the time and energy you will save living closer to your job is invaluable. 
Live in N. Arlington. 
Arlington isn't a bad choice if you don't mind taking the toll road, I would highly advise against DC unless you don't mind the extra 15-30 minutes on your commute.

I would say Reston because of money or Falls Church because it has some going out areas and has two metro points you can use to get to Arlington/DC relatively quickly. 
How much are you looking to pay in rent? Are you looking to live alone or have roommates?
Reston. Live as close to work as you can. Reston has plenty of places to go out if you want and it's not hard to get to Arlington and DC. 
I was going to tell you to live in DC, but the transparent desperation in the sad voices here trying to convince you Virginia isn't a soulless hellhole pretty much speak for themselves. 
Guess what the first link is when you google temperance statue DC?
Garrett Peck's book about prohibition in DC discusses this in great detail. He also leads a temperance tour that starts here.
Pity the Lead Heron Society no longer meets.
It's pretty easy to travel into D.C. from Alexandria on the Metro (Blue/Yellow Lines), so I would just take the train in.
Are we talking Old Town Alexandria or some god-awful place off the beltway Alexandria? The former is perfectly fine to use as a base. The latter would be terrible for touristing. 
Stay in Old Town and you can Metro into DC pretty easily, plus that part of Alexandria is wonderful. Worth an afternoon at least to explore on its own.
If you want a super hipster quirky fun hotel experience, check out the hotel Monaco in Old Town.
Super easy to get to DC from Alexandria, plenty to do in Old Town as well. 
Alexandria is a big place and not all of it is convenient to site seeing. 

If your work is putting you up in a hotel within walking distance to a train station (check a map) then staying in Alexandria is fine. 

If not then you may want to spend your tourist time in or closer to the city. 
I don't know any for this weekend off the top of my head, bud kidfriendlydc always does a weekend round-up of activities on Fridays, and I imagine there will be some covered there.
[This](http://thehillishome.com/2016/10/2016-guide-to-halloween-on-the-hill/) is mostly Capitol Hill stuff but Hilloween is always a hit with the little ones. 
What neighborhood?  There's a "little goblins parade" in Dupont/Logan on Saturday.  

12:45: assemble in Logan Circle

1pm parade (dogs and kids with parents)

2pm: arrive at Stead park for games and entertainment (no dogs)

Blue Styles Brass Band (a NOLA style 2nd line band)

Stilt Walker

Juggler

Brazilian Dancers

CMI Kidz Dancers

Bridgette Michaels Guava Jelly Band

Super Soccer Stars 

Halloween cookie decorating station via Par LeJeune fancy foods

Caricature Artist

DJ

There's also Boo at the Zoo on Friday/Saturday nights assuming tickets haven't sold out.
[Rock Creek Park Horse Center](http://www.rockcreekhorsecenter.com/) is hosting Barnoween on Saturday evening, 6:30-8 PM. Kids can trick-or-treat from stall to stall, horses will be in costume, and the entire barn will be decorated. Definitely family-friendly. Not really Metro-accessible, but a short cab ride from Friendship Heights. 
IF you're in the Petworth area, [here's a list of events](http://www.petworthnews.org/blog/halloween-2016).
Not a surprise.

Metro sucks at hiring people.
And by inadequate experience you mean "shows up for work, but does nothing".
When did paying people for being qualified become out of style? Considering everyone is complaining about jobs. Unqualified people apparently have them all the time. 
Weeee no one is reading the article.

The biggest thing coming out of reading this to me is Metro has absolutely no consistent internal standards or quality control.  Of course the staff sucks at their jobs, Metro doesn't even know if the equipment they're using is the best tools for the job, and has no way to measure if the training and practices they have in place actually benefit the system.  Can you imagine being hired for a job only to find that the standards they insist on using make little sense?  Or that your training covers one set of materials but your work duty has little to do with that?  It's no wonder station attendants and operators often have no clue; WMATA as a whole doesn't seem to know what the hell they're doing.  That should be the horrifying take away here.
> The process of cleaning up other debris on the tracks that can cause smoke or fire incidents has been hampered by Metro’s vacuum vehicle being out of service. Metro’s safety department suggests a cost-benefit analysis on whether repairing or replacing the vehicle is worth it.

What a shitty organization.
This article is bullshit. I have a PhD in Train from ITT tech and used to be a Sandwich Artist at Subway. Top that experience. 
I'm relying on the Metro still sucking in 2 years when I finish my masters.
Metro has deep cultural problems..

bad managers, bad workforce work ethic.
SafeTrack repair, SafeTrack replace!
Probably poor training too
Now remember this next time you hit up a food truck during lunch rush hour. Every food truck has a pee bucket.
Someone is taking this Harambe stuff too seriously.
ewwwww
when you gotta go, you gotta go
I'm glad we're still supporting this shitty website.
 I would say learn the bus system. It takes longer but reliable. The G8 bus runs from Brookland to Farrugut square in about 45 min directly. Then you can hop onto the Red.  
there are a number of buses that run between Silver Spring and Bethesda if you can make it there from Brookland.
There is a bus (I forget the number) that goes from the Silver Spring Metro Station to the Bethesda Metro Station. I have taken it once or twice (Bethesda to Silver Spring) during evening rush hour and it took maybe 15 minutes.
There's honestly not really going to be a way around adding a chunk of time to your commute, but you've got a few semi-reasonable options. I think the best way to get to Bethesda from Brookland probably would be to hop on an H2,3,or 4 bus and ride it all the way to Tenleytown Metro. From there you can hop on the Red Line for the remainder of your trip, though it may be slow and/or crowded due to Safetrack, or you can keep hopping busses until you get to Bethesda. Unfortunately every DC bus hits the end of the line at Friendship Heights, so you'll to take a 30 bus, get off at Friendship, and then catch the MD 34 bus. I'd definitely recommend the former of taking the Red Line the rest of the way if it's not totally awful because it should be much less of a headache in theory.
Google maps is magical. Change the routing to bus preference.
Maybe some sort of combination between bus and uber?  Sorry you are going to have to deal with this, it will undoubtedly be an enormous pain.
Take the [H2/3/4 bus](http://www.wmata.com/bus/timetables/dc/h2-4.pdf) to Cleveland Park (it doesn't matter which one) and switch to the Red Line there.
Seconded on the bus system. You could take the 80 to Fort Totten and take the E4 to Friendship Heights, take the H2 to Tenleytown...try Google Maps or the metro trip planner with bus only. 
There is the J2 that goes from Silver Spring to Bethesda, the E4 will get you from Fort Totten to Friendship Heights. 

shuttle to Silver Spring grab a J4 or
grab an 80 or H Bus...

That will get you crosstown.

Get the app Citymapper or nextbus...



At Brookland-CUA

80  Brookland - Fort Totten - Union Station - Gallery Place - Metro Center - McPherson Square - Farragut North - Farragut West - Kennedy Center (regular timetable/enhanced timetable)
H1 Brookland - Columbia Heights - Adams Morgan - Dupont Circle - Foggy Bottom - Potomac Park
H2, H3, H4 Brookland - Columbia Heights - Cleveland Park - Tenleytown-AU
H8, H9 Brookland - Rhode Island Ave - Georgia Ave-Petworth - Columbia Heights - Mt. Pleasant
G8 Brookland - Rhode Island Ave Shopping Center - Shaw-Howard - Metro Center - Farragut West - Farragut North
http://www.wmata.com/rider_tools/metro_service_status/advisories.cfm?AID=5590
They've offered this for a while. I used it in August and have mixed feelings. This biggest problem is that you can't reserve in advance, so there's no guarantee a car will be available when you're ready to go. 

Going to Baltimore: nearest car was 1.5 miles away. I (stupidly) tried to walk on one of the hottest days of the summer. The closest spot to the Inner Harbor (where I was going) was at N Charles and W Franklin, another mile or so walk. 

Going to DC: I was able to pick up a car at N Liberty and W Lexington and drop it 2 blocks from my house.

Going back was much smoother than going there, but again the problem is that it's not guaranteed. Plus now there are a lot fewer regular Zipcars near me since they converted some of the spaces to one-way. I'd call it a net loss. 
I dont have Zipcar anymore but this is a very convenient service.
Used it to go visit Baltimore for a weekend event in August, which in total took about 7 trips. I ended up saving a decent amount of money over the cheapest car rental. A bonus was that I didn't need to worry about parking near the event in Baltimore. 

However, like others mentioned, there is some risk of the car(s) or parking spots near you/your destination not being available when you are ready to leave since you can only reserve up to a half hour in advance. I live in a Zipcar sparse area so when the closest car was taken, I had to take public trans or a taxi to and from the next closest Zipcar spot. 

You also need to have a good estimate of how much time it will take to get to your destination. I think with the way one way cars work, you can always add (or remove) time via the app, but if you go over and neglect to add time, you will get slapped with a hefty fine. 

I work in Rockville (although farther south than NIST) and live in DC.  If you're only here for 18 months, find a place in the city (west of the park in NW will make your commute more of a straight shot) and enjoy exploring and living, and suck it up for your minimally-shitty commute.

If you live in Rockville, you'll find that you won't go into the city as much as you intend to, and in 18 months you'll realize you may as well have lived in any American suburb, because you will not have taken in this very cool city.

Also, if you're in the city, get a bike and explore sans car.  It's the best way to get around, and the best way to experience DC (in my opinion... which is right).
I don't know why anyone would advocate for you not to live in Rockville, but I've lived in that surrounding area for most of my life. Great area and growing in terms of the new apartments coming up as well as the communities (Rockville Town Center...which used to be a parking lot with a Magruders when I was a kid) 

There are a fair amount of places to live in Gaithersburg or Rockville near NIST. Don't necessarily have to live in DC. 
Check out places near American University or even Bethesda.  Close to both Rockville and DC with a neighborhood of restaurants and bars galore 
I'd live in Rockville
rockville
I work at NIST and do the reverse commute option from Friendship Heights (Still MD side, but right at border of DC). It's great bc almost 99% of the time, cars are going 55-70mph.  I'm also in my early, but soon to be mid, 20s.  Mornings take about 25-30 min (8-9am). Evening time- 35-40 min. Sometimes it's faster to drive through Bethesda or I take a lot of back roads. 

Ppl at NIST live in VA, MD, West VA... all over... so up to you. Further from metro = cheaper, but you won't get much out of living in the suburbs. 

 NIST shuttle buses come I think every 30 min to shady grove metro station. Everyone who used to metro or bus ( from red line White Flint or Silver Spring - buses) gave up after a few months and got a car in my office haha. I thought about it bc it would make my transportation costs basically nothing (work provides transit subsidy), but in the end, not worth how much time I would lose. 

-Rockville is cheaper, but not much to do even with the Town Center. It's more family oriented. Lots to eat which is great (Boba is good, lots of Asian food...), but not walker friendly. (they try, but no.) I think you'll spend more time out of Rockville than actually in it. Again - if you have a strict budget, this might be a decent option. Parking is cheaper, you'll have a car so you can go other places. (Rent: ~$800-$1,200 per person depending on amenities, location, utilities, # of roommates). Metro still closes at midnight which makes going out in DC annoying. 

-Bethesda is another decent (but expensive) option, lots of food, bars metro access, free bus circulator (but doesn't match DC- everyone who lives here still basically goes out to DC) - this commute would definitely take 15-20 min tops though from NIST - at least in the afternoons. Not sure how it is in mornings. Downsides - you'll have to pay for a parking garage and that's about $150 a month unless your apt comes w/ 1 which is rare. (Rent ~$1,100 per person, some utilities for a 2 bedroom. my friend pays $1200 no utilities for a studio.)

-Friendship Heights (where I live) - it's got a "mall", designer stores, budget friendly stores, not too many food options. The average age is also 77 according to Trulia or Hotpad (I forget, but they sent that to me when I first was looking to move to an apt a few months ago). There's still a lot of ppl in their 20s though, undergrad, grad students,  young professionals - it's a fairly decent mix w/ retirees and families too. Food options are limited but acceptable. If you want something different, you are within walking distance of Tenleytown or Bethesda (15-25 min walk). Uberpool to downtown DC (Dupont, Admo, Ust) one way is about $6 (even 2am during the weekends). I like it though, it's cute, fairly quiet, 7 min walk to the metro, trails nearby to exercise, and my commute's easy. It's easier for me to come home, then hop on metro and be downtown by like 6:30 for a show or something. My building has a parking garage, and it's about $80 a month. But we got a really old apt so it was  somewhat "below" market value for that area. 2 bed/2 bath 1000 sq ft apt for about $2,180 a month includes all utilities, 1 parking space, but internet/cable. (The second parking spot was $115/month, cable/internet is $80/month). I go out when I want to, I hermit when I want to - it's a good balance/ easy to do whatever. it's also a bus hub, so i've taken bus to Georgetown, etc. 

-Silver Spring is becoming a better option - lots of food, a brewery, parking, things to do, but you'll probably still end up in DC on weekends, but I wouldn't recommend it if you're only here for 18 months. (Rent ~$800-$1000 per person)

Wouldn't really recommend living past Friendship Heights part of DC. Connecticut Ave/ Wisconsin Ave during rush hour is not pleasant. People who do that at NIST have an hour commute one way. However, if that's acceptable to you look into DC. It will definitely be more exciting and enriching than any of the above places. Fundamentally hate driving/sitting in a car for that long, so that's why DC wasn't an option personally. I go to DC 1-3x a week depending on events, friends, food. 

Don't bother looking into Gaithersburg or Germantown. You will be really bored.

In the end, up to what you're looking for. 18 months will fly by. 

When you start working: Yoyogi's good for cheap sushi. Lots of random good places to eat around NIST. If you ever want to grab lunch when you start at NIST, hit me up and I'd be glad to show you around! 

Edit: Rent $ estimates are per person assuming you do at least one roommate.*
Silver Spring (downtown)! Quick commute by car, lots to do and eat, and super close to DC with lots to do and eat, and it costs less than DC. I live in Silver Spring and love it!
downtown Bethesda is a great middle ground between Rockville and DC. However, the prices of Bethesda might push you out unless you have roommates or find one of the old apartments from the 60's.
no comments on where to live sorry. i agree that living outside the city will encourage your 18 mos to be like living in any american suburb but commuting there by car from anywhere besides the gaitherburg area is gonna suck. 

for reference, i live at the white flint metro station and drive to the friendship heights metro at 6:40 AM. it's still dark out.  it can take anywhere from 20-40 minutes to get those seven miles. 

BUT the good news, you're working across the street from
a dogfish head pub and restaurant and it's lovely i encourage you to take advantage occasionally. 

edit: i second the other poster. live in downtown bethesda. i lived at The Seasons on bethesda ave, would recommend highly if the price is still right. they gave me an option for a year or two year lease, but then said i had to month-month. he first two months had no rent increase though, and the location is so prime. 
I take it you are plannin on riding the red line to Shady Grove then taking some kind of bus. I would live in downtown bethesda. There are plenty of things to do in Bethesda, and easy access to get downtown. Plus the housing is good if you don't mind a room mate. NIH has a lot of Post Bacs(other 22 year olds) doing research (IRTAs) and they all live in Bethesda, and you'll be able to walk to everything
Annapolis, MD
DuPont, but it depends on your budget.  Red line so your commute won't be awful, and great social life 
Someone else said it... Silver Spring. Lots of kids your age in SS. It's close to Rockville, relatively cheap. Rockville is mostly yuppies with children 
[deleted]
$14 / hour before accounting for any of your costs. It's really no wonder the quality of drivers has tanked in the last year. 
I got the same unsolicited letter and I'm a regular Uber user. I don't have a car because I can't afford it.
How do they define weekends? Because that would be 10 hours each on Saturday and Sunday. Or over 6.5 hours each on Friday, Saturday and Sunday. Basically spend the entire weekend working full time for only 280 bucks. 

Yikes. 
I made about that much working in a kitchen, I didn't have to deal with traffic or wearing out my car other than a 15 minute commute, and I had a great time with my coworkers. Come the fuck on Uber. 
The only nice thing about having driven for uber (I did it when they first rolled out in Detroit), is that I've been able to recruit multiple people to sign up to drive. Got a $500 referral for each.
[deleted]
On top of that, you've gotta have a car that qualifies.
Neither of mine do, due to age. Washington D.C. requires it to be 2005 or newer.

This is regardless of the fact that my vehicles are mechanically identical to their 2005 counterparts.
They did this to me and said that I had opened a "partner account." I asked them to delete it and they said that it would cause the deletion of my personal account...but I never asked for it in the first place.
I remember when it used to be "up to" $60,000/year. In this area, that's an aggressively medium salary - If we're talking "up to," or, more like $40,000, that's not really feasible for people looking to live here, especially if we're talking just gross revenue, and not net pay after fuel, car payment, etc.

I've always said Uber did what it came to do. They gave people an alternative to shitty taxis. They got a cult following. Then they became just as shitty as taxis because people already got used to being able to hail from their phone without having to stand out on the street - so no one will leave them. Now that the taxi industry has been effectively neutered by Uber, Uber is now free to become just as bad.
Embarrassing. 
Ponies

Ponies everywhere
Seem like they need to cut out the horseplay. (I'll show myself out.) 
Neat. I saw them near F street last night when I was going home. They put these stables tents outside and the horses just chill there. Good to see
Always reminds me that it's fall when Chinatown smells like horse shit and not human shit. 
They must be horsing around
I wouldn't chance it....it may be legal at the state level but not federal. 
Found this article:

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/federal-eye/wp/2015/05/27/legalized-pot-not-for-federal-employees/
Nope, not allowed. Only you can decide if it's worth the risk.
All federal employees are subject to drug testing.  Only you can answer if it's worth the risk.  Also, if you want to apply for a position in the future that requires a security clearance you will have to disclose if you've tried drugs...which can open a can of worms if you aren't consistent with your answer or indicate use AFTER you became a federal employee.  IMO, not worth it until it becomes federally legalized.
Nope.
you could TRY arguing ADA... a medical condition your agency has to try to accommodate... but is it really worth it?
The system will change but you may want to wait a while...

If Trump wins, the entire work force will need to light up.

Well if Killary wins, well, yeah, they will switch to harder drugs.
They'll always be "people movers" to me.
PIC: https://twitter.com/charlienbc/status/790996608431296512
I once hired someone for a driving job based solely on the fact that they had driven the mobile lounges at Dulles for a few years. We spent most of interview talking about how cool these things are. Pretty sure he was just humoring me, but a had a safe driving record and a cool story so he got the job.
DAE remember the guy that would run backwards through downtown?

Cletus or something?  I loved him.  

He was a People Mover driver.  I always think of him anytime I'm at Dulles.  
TIL what a mobile lounge is. 
Both were geriatric and lived past their expected life span. Also both died humane deaths. Positive news the female  Andean bear *may* be pregnant!
National Zoo bears bad news about bears.  :-(
[deleted]
RIP bear
Da'bearshh
Poor Bear.
Pooh bear
Well he lived a normal lifespan so that's good.  
How does a survey about the DC United stadium, that includes extremely little detail (much less fact) help you "better understand voters in DC"? 

The survey isn't well designed, the "article" you include is un-credited (and not well written), and the questions won't actually give you any insight into WHY people may be for/against a new stadium. 
Pro tip: a survey of self selected redditors will tell you nothing about DC voters. 

Just get a small grant. If you hire and train your own enumerators for face to face interviews you could run a decent representative sample for about 10k. 
TIL there there's going to be a new soccer stadium in DC...
can you be more vague with your question.. I always think pyramid scheme when people say things like this. 
Why only government employees? 
Please define "Internet Marketing" in this context. Email? SEO? AdWords? Social? UI/UX?
word is RFD in chinatown is the place to watch. Its also the browns backer bar. 
I can't make it out tonight, but go Tribe!
Another former Clevelander here. Never was much of a sports fan but do have plenty of hometown pride. 

#WINDIANS
I was back in Cleveland on business when they won the ALCS.  Fun times.  Unfortuneatly, I moved from downtown Cleveland right before the Cavs went to the finals and came back right before the world series.  
Hey, Chicagoan here. Let's have a great series. Either team winning would be OK in my book altho obviously I'd prefer it be the Cubs!

FORGET THE CURVEBALL RICKEY, GIVE EM THE HEATER.
The honor of a nation is its life. - Hamilton
There are some monsters in this world.  
Shit I was walking home from the Pinch right around then. I left at 11:00 and walked north on 14th. That area by the gas station can be so sketchy
" drinking with some friends in an alley "

what?
Am I the only one skeptical about this story? Why did the man just wander off after being burned? Was he that drunk? Or did something else happen and "some dudes robbed me and set me on fire" was the best story he could come up with? 
this is horrifying. that said, I don't know that a third-hand story shared on borderstan is very authoritative.
[deleted]
Man, there are some people out there who really deserve to be robbed and set on fire.  This dude probably isn't one of those people.

EDIT: Ya'll are lame with your downvotes.
Fab. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pypHBcSgt6Q
Do you have Amazon prime? That should get something to you by Thursday/Friday at the latest..? 
I will sell you [this pokeball charger](https://www.teebrewery.com/products/pokeball-charger-bank), if you'd like. Still in its box. Let me know!
High heel race
America next top model audition with a little too much mimosa. 
Schneider's of Capitol Hill, Sherry's Wine and Spirits in Woodley, and the DC Costco are all solid options. 
Batch 13 on 14th St has a great selection, as does Arrowine in Foggy Bottom.
The [county-owned stores](https://www.montgomerycountymd.gov/dlc/stores/) in Montgomery County, MD have a respectable collection.
There is a good liquour store at Van Ness near the giant.

Haven't priced Scotch, but generally good selection.
Did you check Costco by ft Lincoln?
UserName Checks out.
Irving Wine and Spirits in Mt. Pleasant has a nice selection for decent prices.
[Central Liquors](http://centralliquors.com/) on E Street has a ton, and they know what they're talking about there, if you need some help

it's just 2 blocks from Archives or Gallery Place metro stations
Pearson's on Wisconsin in Glover Park.  Good selection, good prices.
if you're willing to pay for shipping i like astors wine and spirit in nyc, and drink up ny. otherwise cellar.com which is Schneider's of Capitol Hill has a great selection.
If you're a cubs fan, Ivy and Coney
The Cleveland bars are RFD in Chinatown and Buckeye + Bear in Dupont. Go Tribe!
Lots of sports bars. If you're in dupont then public bar and buffalo billiards are safe bets.
every bar is a cubs bar tonight. the real question is finding a cleveland bar. 
One of the interesting parts about this for me is how bad a business decision the Trump campaign seems to me. I don't know about you, but before all of this happened I associated the Trump brand and name with just a loud, bombastic rich guy with silly hair. I didn't have any strong negative emotions about him and I don't think I know anyone else who did, to the point where they wouldn't stay in his hotels.

Now he has essentially soiled his own reputation -- not just with the negative stories that have come out about him but the things that he has deliberately put out: birther stuff, inflammatory comments about various ethnic groups, etc. 

Other businesses have waded into political issues before; Starbucks often gets involved in liberal causes, while Chick Fil A and Hobby Lobby have been involved in socially conservative issues. There has been some blowback but none of them intentionally poured gasoline on a fire the way Trump has. 

This is worse than that guy from Ocean Marketing; Trump for whatever reason has torched his brand, losing licensing deals and partnership arrangements that were likely worth millions. I'm not sure what his end goal is; Trump has always been a mass market brand -- there's no way that this campaign has made his brand more valuable than it was ten years ago.
More on Murder Bay:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murder_Bay

I wish that name would come back.  
The article implied Spike didn't care one way or another for politics because he doesn't vote, as he is Canadian.
Wouldn't that still make him an immigrant?  Or is it implied because he comes from Canada that he's an "acceptable to trump" type of person?
I'm a little confused why Spike was even brought into the article at all or what the purpose of that was.
From the article: *Among the issues at play are whether the restaurants would have actually suffered as a result of Trump’s campaign rhetoric and how much the hotel might suffer because of the chefs’ mutiny.* 

I honestly don't see how this is a question. The restaurants themselves (and likely Andres and Zakarian business outside of this) would absolutely be subject to the same loss of business that Trump's own businesses are now seeing already. Trump has become a toxic brand, entirely of his own creation, so who would want to associate themselves with that?
Great writing from Washingtonian as usual. I can't say I'm surprised the two chefs pulled out. It's a very charged situation all in all.
I was in a focus group for the name change over the summer and while I don't think I'm supposed to talk about it I can't resist pointing out that I was the ONLY ONE to defend the name "Alliance". Everyone kept dismissing it and I had to come back to say I thought it was pretty rad. If I recall correctly, they practically stole my reasoning word for word in their email, too.

>We believe the name Humane Rescue Alliance honors the two predecessor organizations by using the strongest word from each legacy name and represents the strength of the new organization as a bridge from our past to the future.
They need to fix the mobile site though. I can't see all the kitties for adoption 😾 
The day has finally arrived. All those mornings of training, all those sacrifices. Racing comes with pain, frustration, agony, but also accomplishment and satisfaction. For many runners, making it to the start line is as important as the race itself.

The [Marine Corps Marathon](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marine_Corps_Marathon), aka “The People’s Marathon,” is an established tradition in Washington DC. Every year since 1976, thousands of people have taken part in the event, strengthening the claim that DC is the fittest city in America. The MCM is one of several races in the area. Some highlights are the Cherry Blossom 10-Mile Run, the Rock ‘n’ Roll USA Marathon, and even the High Heel Drag Queen Race!

You can buy this print [here](https://www.etsy.com/listing/487317043/runner-and-the-marine-corps-war-memorial). Also, I have some pieces at the DC Design Week [Pop Up Shop](https://www.instagram.com/p/BL7AA7mhmlf/?taken-by=cherryblossomhq), including Xmas cards!


&nbsp;

---

*[Postcards from Washington DC](http://carmonamedina.com/pfwdc) is a personal challenge to produce a weekly illustration that highlights life in the capital. 
 
 ---
 
 [instagram](http://instagram.com/carmonamedinastudio) /  [facebook](http://facebook.com/carmonamedinastudio) / [twitter](http://twitter.com/carmonamedina) 
Former Marine here - love this one the most! No bias at all and will purchase!

Side note: this is the Iwo Jima memorial vs War memorial.
We ordered one of your prints from Etsy. Wonderful quality! (I'm still hoping for a coffee table book of the collection.)
What the hell is going on with these comments? This exhibit sounds awesome and I look forward to seeing it. Islamic art is really fascinating and beautiful and often very different from western art (such as a focus on calligraphy). I think the Freer/Sackler are some of DC's most overlooked museums and it's great that they're hosting such a groundbreaking exhibit.
I'm very excited for this! In all my years of being a museum and library enthusiast, I don't think I've ever seen a Qur'an on display, but so so many Bibles.
Believe me, believe me, when Donald Trump is president, our Smithsonian museums won't be displaying terrorist propaganda. Believe me folks.
Looks like Obama couldn't help but get some Sharia going before he left office
Hate speech being celebrated by the Smithsonian.  I'm looking forward to the exhibit on Mien Kampf.  At least Hitler didn't claim his hatred of the jews came from divine authority. [edit: I don't speak German.  Oh my, there is a no H in Miehn.  Makes no difference.  The culturally ambiguous idiots at Smithsonian should be having an exhibit regardless.  They have no appreciation for understanding why the Koran is so offensive to so many people that Islam has terrorized over the course of human history.  Why should they stop with the hate in the Koran?].
The Greenbelt site makes the most sense. 
Looks like they are preparing to pull a fast one on Senator Barb. She's had this wired for MD for a while, now if they just wait a little longer, that pull goes away.
Please keep this far away from Springfield. The roads can't handle it.
Is there a particular piece of land in Springfield that's been talked about as a possibility?
Christ, why dont they use crystal city and save us 2 bil?!
Please put this in Springfield. I don't want to be anywhere near this shitshow of construction and traffic. 
It is a pretty obvious business tactic that I wouldn't even fault metro for. It's the very basic "this is what happens if you don't take this seriously" tactic. It was never meant to pass muster but to raise discussion. And it worked.
Directly saying "We need money" doesn't work, so they have to pull off PR stunts such as this.


I'm glad it worked, since politicians are paying attention to Metro funding now.
...because they want to pressure jurisdictions into giving them more money.

Is this really a question?
[Washington Monument syndrome](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Washington_Monument_Syndrome)
Do you think NPS would ever seriously allow (or be permitted to allow) Memorial Bridge to be closed to vehicular traffic? Same thing here.
It was obviously "real," to some degree...
Make deadbeats pay up?
To drive home the lack of "easy" alternatives to reduced service with their current budget.
They should have released a map showing closed stations in wealthy suburbs.
Why set a static funding level and have this constant argument? Why not just base it off the mean of the past five years peak ridership +/- for inflation? Then it can go up, it can go down, and we can have less funding discussion and more about fires? Seriously though...
tl;dr summary from a cop:  The feds courts need to at least add sunset provisions to non-disclosure orders for cases so that at the minimum the warrant gets released.  The rest is scare-tactics about pen-trap orders and electronic records.

**"The federal court for the District of Columbia had 235 requests in 2012, made by the local U.S. attorney’s office. By 2013, requests in the District had climbed 240 percent, to about 564, according to information released by the court’s chief judge and clerk."**

When you account for how many different requests for electronic data that can go on for a single case/target , or the need to get follow-up warrants for information a company has retained after the first warrant, 564 requests isn't that much considering how much information is now digital.



**"The releases from the Washington-area courts list applications by law enforcement to federal judges asking to track data — but not eavesdrop — on users’ electronic communications. That data can include sender and recipient information, and the time, date, duration and size of calls, emails, instant messages and social media messages, as well as device identification numbers and some website information."**

These are essentially records requests no different than telephone toll records.



**"With rare exceptions, it also is not possible to determine whether a judge limited or denied an application, or whether a target or service provider challenged the government’s request."**

You can usually tell whether or not judges have limited a warrant once you get it because the limits are usually hand-written (at least in D.C. Superior Court).  I doubt that any court tracks denied warrants because denied warrants usually aren't filed with the court.



**"The information about what are known as pen register and trap and trace orders was made public after litigation by the ACLU, the Electronic Frontier Foundation, journalists and others, including some service providers. The ACLU has urged disclosures by all courts so the public and lawmakers can learn whether public safety gains outweigh privacy trade-offs.**

[...]

**To get a traditional wiretap to listen in on a landline phone call, law enforcement authorities have to meet the legal standard of probable cause and prove to a judge that their search will probably yield evidence of a specific crime and that alternatives to a wiretap are unavailable.**

**But under the 1986 law, judges must approve requests for pen register orders upon a statement by government investigators that the information they are seeking is relevant to an investigation. Once in place, those orders typically remain sealed and bar companies from telling customers that law enforcement has requested their information."**

Pen registers and trap and trace (i.e. Pen Traps) are decades old technology and ultimately isn't that much different than getting the call detail records from the provider with a warrant.  Wiretaps usually are scrutinized much more than pen-trap orders and are often hideously expensive under CALEA to keep up for a long term investigation, which is why you're more likely to have Feds applying for them than local law enforcement.  On the occasions that I've got pen-trap orders signed by a judge, they're sealed because it doesn't make sense to have the target of an investigation know you're surveiling them.  Now would I approve of moving towards a standard of having sunsets on the orders themselves? Sure.  On the affidavits?  Not so much unless the case goes to trial and discovery occurs.



**"Under another type of request, authorities can obtain contents of emails by showing a judge the information is “significant” to an investigation. The Virginia listings includes some requests for email content under that standard. But for more than two years, Carr said, the Justice Department in practice has generally used search warrants to obtain the content of emails"**

Asking for a court order versus writing a warrant is somewhat, IMHO, lazy investigating.  Probable cause is not a particularly demanding standard, so there's hardly a reason not to just pull the trigger on applying for a warrant.



**"U.S. Magistrate Theresa C. Buchanan in Virginia announced the change to the Alexandria court division’s docketing disclosure in 2011 after three individuals represented by the EFF and ACLU challenged a secret government attempt to track their Twitter communications, connection records and account information.**

**The government had allowed Twitter to notify the individuals of the request, which was part of a federal criminal investigation into the anti-secrecy group WikiLeaks’ role in a mass release of U.S. diplomatic documents. The request remains the only unsealed application listed in the Virginia records."**

This I would be interested to hear about.  Sounds like a fishing expedition and if they didn't bother to request a non-disclosure order or withdraw it when the order wasn't signed by a judge than this sounds like they really weren't taking this aspect of the investigation seriously.


**"The ACLU has asked the court to unseal the docket of a July 2013 search warrant in a national child pornography investigation. The ACLU says the warrant appeared to authorize the FBI to secretly place code, or malware, on all computers that logged in to an anonymous email service but could have captured information not only of suspects but also of individuals such as dissidents or journalists who also use the email service.**

**Carr said the warrant authorized access only to computers accessing specific email accounts and child porn websites on a specific hosting server, not all visitors, saying in a statement that “Any assertion otherwise is based on Internet rumor and not substantiated facts.”**

Sounds like usual fed idiocy.


While WP is overrun with tinhats, I am going to leave this here: If it's indeed such a case-by-case individualized decision making process as portrayed, I am curious **what their labour force increase looks like**.  Quote: “*there are no broad generalizations or presumptions about when matters are sealed or not sealed,” and that such decisions are “an individualized process*.”
The increase is almost certainly a result of the explosive growth of tech in our lives and not evil governments looking for your pin numbers.
how convenient. 
In hell!
The honor of a nation is its life. - Hamilton
I mean I'd prefer narrative film production but am not opposed to documentary. I have editing and production experience. I'd also be open to marketing But more brand marketing. The creation of campaigns and styles. 
Be specific? What are your qualifications? What are you good at? If film you should consider news media there is a lack of qualified people in news who can operate cameras and video subjects on a professional level. Do you have a portfolio?
Wedding and event photographers could be a good source of work! It may not be your dream gig but it'll build up a demo reel for you. Chances are you'll have to do the film work on the weekends and evenings for a year or two until you have built connections and skills that will enable you to jump to a dedicated film position/freelance life. 

Lots of NGOs need multimedia editor types too, people who can wear all hats and produce end to end. Check job listings every week and start making making making, even if it's just to build a portfolio! 
Unless you want to do documentaries, DC is not the city for this.
If you do want to do documentaries, Discovery, PBS, the Smithsonian, and the Feds (all agencies) all hire people. I knew people who basically got to travel around the world taking pictures and videos of insects or animals. Or they go into conflict or disaster zones to show humanitarian efforts. They are paid pretty well for it as well. 
If it is more scripted stuff...DC is not really good for it. Nearly everybody I know who does creative work for film in the area does Documentaries. 
If you have no interest in doing Documentary work, DC is not the right city to be in for film. 
Yea it seems to be all the republican senators are hiring film people to do stuff for them. 
Ideally looking to do some sort of cinematography. Other production jobs too. Writing scripts too. I have editing and production experience and have a few short films but no professional portfolio.
DC is not all that great of a city for it.  If that's what you want then I don't know what your hangup w/ LA and NYC is.  LA kinda sucks, but NYC is way cooler than DC.
The site also gives wait times for locations and if they are open to vote.

[All of the following are on this years ballot:](https://www.dcboee.org/election_info/election_year2016/index.asp)

-Electors of President and Vice President of the United States

-Delegate to the U.S. House of Representatives

-At-Large Members of the Council of the District of Columbia (two -to be elected)

-Wards 2, 4, 7 and 8 Members of the Council of the District of Columbia

-At-Large Member of the State Board of Education

-Wards 2, 4, 7 and 8 Members of the State Board of Education

-United States Senator (Shadow Senator)

-United States Representative (Shadow Representative)

-Advisory Neighborhood Commissioner

-Advisory Referendum on DC Statehood
If I may contribute:
A mobile friendly version of DC Elections and ballot information 

http://kboulevard.com/washington-d-c-2016-election/
Take I-68 instead of I-70. It adds a bit of time but it's *much* more interesting. You go through Cumberland, which is a nice little city, and you pass through [Sideling Hill](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sideling_Hill) which is  fascinating, beautiful, and has a nice little visitor center with awesome views.
what about [fallingwater](http://fallingwater.org/)  or [Fort Necessity](https://www.nps.gov/fone/index.htm)
Flight 93 Memorial is on the way and definitely worth a stop. 
Breezewood is the bomb
There's a lot more interesting things to do on either end of the trip. If you drive like you mean it, it only takes 3.5 - 4 hours.
Gettysburg is worth a detour, a lot of cool history and views that you can hit up real quick.  I highly recommend taking 270 to 15 and then 22/322 all the way west, stunning views as you roll along the river.
I make this drive 1-2 times per month. There's not a whole lot of civilization in between - Hagerstown off Interstate 70 might have stuff to do, though I've never stopped there. 

I've yet to stop in the Flight 93 9/11 memorial near Somerset PA, but you'll pass right by it on the Turnpike. Fallingwater and the Ohiopyle Park are also off the Turnpike, though kind of a ways off.

Harrisburg is essentially backtracking east, so that would be a long day of driving. I'm not sure how long you're going to be in Pittsburgh, but I would save time to do awesome stuff there like /u/Nobodyherebutus suggests.

The drive itself has gorgeous scenery though in Western Maryland and PA, especially this time of year.
If you're into hiking at all then I'd definitely stop for a quick hike to Annapolis Rock on the Appalachian Trail. The AT crosses I70, which you'd take from DC to Pittsburgh, so you wouldn't have to drive more than a couple minutes off route. I was out in the area this past weekend and the foliage is looking pretty good right now.

http://www.hikingupward.com/OMH/AnnapolisRockBlackRockCliff/
*you can turn around at annapolis rock (2.5mi in) and make this into a 5mi/2-3 hour hike. 
If you're a fan of local beers I suggest Brew Gentleman in Braddock. Only a few miles off the Turnpike from the Irwin interchange. 
I would suggest stopping at Antietam, it isn't too far off I-70. From there, take I-70 to I-68 through MD and WV. You can stop at Sideline Hill and a few other scenic overlooks along the way. Connect to I-79 in Morgantown and stop at some craft distilleries in Washington County, PA.
If you take I-68, you could stop in Grantsville MD to see the Casselman Bridge and Little Switzerland (some historic structures, craftsman shops, etc.) and still be able to see Fallingwater. Bonus: go via Confluence PA and see **two** confluences in one day (if you go to downtown Pugh).

sneak edit: check to see if the steam train from Cumberland to Frostburg is running - you might be able to see it leave the station, which is really cool.
If you head to Gettysburg and have a sweet tooth (or an elephant fetish), stop by [Mister Ed's](http://www.mistereds.com)
Frederick, MD is a surprisingly nice town with a strip much like Old Town Alexandria.  Worth seeing.
Troegs brewery in Hershey, PA or Rocky Gap Casino in Cumberland, MD (via I-68)
Meadowcroft Rockshelter and living history museum. 
For good BBQ, stop at this place in Hagerstown.
http://hempenhillbbq.com/
Can't help you on the drive, but once you get there, have dinner at [Lidia's](http://lidias-pittsburgh.com/) :) 
I havent actually done it but whenever I drive to Pittsburgh I consider stopping at the Flight 93 memorial. Its not too far out of the way so it wouldnt be a lengthy detour. 
> beer or a coffee (or whatever)

Does whatever include crack? Because I like to smoke crack. 
>who aren't Christian

So here's a question, since you're in Seminary. I was raised Catholic, and while I don't practice or attend services, I have not been excommunicated. Since I was baptized, TECHNICALLY (per the views of the Church) I am a Catholic.

For the purposes of your assignment, am I or am I not Christian?
Sent you a DM.
My husband has absolute animus for religion and also has his PhD in History, so he likes to argue a bit too aggressively sometimes (for me), but he likes to debate intellectually. 

Would you like to get a beer with him so he stops arguing with me about how religion is the "worst thing humanity ever created?"
DM'd you
By the title I thought you were a neckbeard, but quite happy to be surprised.
Atheist here. I'd be willing. PM me?
DM'd you
What kind of beer?
Religion was a useful mechanism for uniting disparate tribes and make of them a stronger whole (Not to mention explaining reality in some way since shit is crazy and no one likes that void of death bs). It was an extremely useful social survival mechanism which has outlived its usefulness in a shrinking globe. 

EDIT - ...or, hey, whatever you wanna believe is cool...just don't be kind to each other. /B&T
EVERYONE NEEDS TO APPRECIATE HOW AMAZING THE MARYLAND RENAISSANCE FESTIVAL IS. Seriously, I moved out of the DC area last year and there is nothing like it. I figured most cities have Renaissance festivals (which is true) but NONE are like Maryland's. Permanent structures in the ground, the quality of the shows and food, the sheer size of the grounds, there is nothing really quite like it. If you haven't yet been, definitely take a day and go!
We had a renfair in Mississauga for a while and Zoltan the Adequate told me the Maryland renfair is five times as big. 

Gotta go someday.
And yet DDOT is still seemingly unable to institute bus lanes on 16th Street and other arterials.
I'm not sure this is the case. The more gridlocked our regional job centers, the more valuable proximity becomes.
Go to a decent grocery store. /serious 
[deleted]
Whole Foods has cheap (well, for caterers) catering trays. 

https://www.wholefoodsmarket.com/service/p-street-catering
Honestly, Menus catering does a pretty reasonable reception delivered for like $250 for about 40 people if you order right.  Not sure what your price range is, but I've used them for several smaller reception.  Do a quick google search for Menus DC (they are a part of Occasions but the cheaper end), thye have there menu and price listed on the web page.  They will help you customize an order to a particular price range as well.  Good luck and I hope your event is a success!
Millar & Co can be a little pricey at times, but they do have some cheaper options on their menu. They deliver as well. 
We've used Lebanese Taverna. 
Quickstep catering in DC has "easy" platter options like prosciutto wrapped dates, skewers, meatballs, delicious carrot and blackbean dips with pita/veg/cheese.   also they have  solid yummy sandwich options .  They will bring it and leave it for you (as you requested you don't want servers passing food).    http://www.quickstepcatering.com/   
good luck! 

https://www.facebook.com/events/1328932437131692/

The resident League club is doing a viewing party.
That is Kelly Towles' work.
http://www.kellytowles.bigcartel.com/
Nice! thanks all!
I bet if you contact Graffiato they might be able to tell you, and they might appreciate the compliment on their decorations 
Just FYI: ~~S~~he also has a huge mural at 12th St. & W St. NW 

http://mixedmediadistrict.com/scout-mural-by-kelly-towles-at-12th-w-st-nw/

Edit: Upon further research & below comments, Kelly is in fact a dude
The risotto was great. 
psh... why not open bar. 
I believe there's one along 18th Street NW between Adams Morgan and Dupont (on the hill, but south of the bars)
Crystal City has one, Total Party, that is walking distance from the Metro.
target, walmart
[less than a block from the Van Dorn station in Alexandria](http://www.americanbackstage.com): (but it's not a popup -- it's a fulltime costume and theatrical gear shop -- and it's kind of weird in there)
Hotel lobby bars. 

Last year, gf thought she wanted to experience M St but quickly back peddled. We wound up at The Daily Grill at The Georgetown Inn, very laid back friendly environment given the shitshow going on just a block away. 
I'd avoid your main partying thoroughfares like Adams Morgan, 14th Street, U Street and Dupont and instead consider places in relatively more laid-back neighborhoods like Bloomingdale, Petworth, Park View and Brookland.   I think places like Brookland Pint, Boundary Stone and the Petworth Citizen are safe bets.
Need more details. If you're just talking about painting the walls then $2000 is way too high for a 500 sf apt. What's the job exactly? Moldings? Doors? Ceiling? Water damage? 
I got a contact, he does all my painting work as well as other jobs. Send me a PM if you need it.
This seems like 2 days of labor. At the very most, you should spend no more than $300 per day for the labor. He might charge supplies at $40 per gallon (he's getting it much cheaper, but that's the business). For the water damage he will need primer. And let's assume 3 gallons of paint (2 for walls, one for ceiling). In all likelihood with an apartment that small one gallon would be fine for the walls, but I'm being conservative. Another $40 for brushes, rollers, tape and drop cloths. So overall $600 for labor and around $200 for supplies. You should probably pay no more than $800. Again, that's giving the painter the benefit of the doubt. 

Source: father is a painting contractor and I spent 3 years working for him. Also, we worked in NYC, where everything costs a little more. 
>Is it normal for a 500 sqft apartment to cost over $2,000?

Not at all.  

Check out Liberty Painters. I just had them do some painting in my condo. They did a great job, were very reasonable, and even finished early.

https://www.yelp.com/biz/liberty-painting-arlington   
Well, I came all this way to DC to work for a company that rates services like this, so I guess the least I could do is offer the "best" rated options we have!

I logged into our company account here at [Checkbook](http://www.checkbook.org) and picked "Rated at 90% or higher by at LEAST 5 people, within 5 miles of city center" and pulled the top 2 for you.

Miguel Gutierrez Painting 202-316-4770

[Millennium USA Painting](http://www.millennium-usa-painting.com/) 703-409-8563

Give those guys a try. And PLEASE let me know if you run into any issues so we can track their performance in our ratings!
psychologytoday.com will allow you to look up therapists by zip code.  Also note paying out of pocket will typically grant you more of a personal touch than paying with insurance.  The reimbursement rate for insurance on the clinical side is paltry and leads to therapists having to see more clients than needed to pay bills.

However you can ask for the therapist to prepare a superbill/CMS 1500 for you to submit to insurance.  It flips how traditional insurance works as you pay the therapist up front, you submit the paperwork, then insurance sends you a check.
Look up Re-New Psychological Services. I go to the one in Spicer Spring. They have a few locations, multiple doctors, and metro accessible. 
Heather Leahy at Monarch Wellness has been incredible to work with. She's at Connecticut and Q, but I think also has offices in VA.

https://therapists.psychologytoday.com/rms/name/Heather_Leahy_MA_Arlington_Virginia_297672
My partner is a therapist in the Georgetown area and offers a first session free. He's on PsychologyToday if you look him up--Michael Tartaglia. 
I go to Dr. Marie Land on T and 18th St NW. She's great and I've been going to her for almost two years. 
Susan Berlin in Georgetown. She's great.
Dr. Suzanne Southworth is in Bethesda but is also the best therapist of the three I've seen in the area. 

Admittedly, the other two worked for GW's mental health services. Historically lacking. 
Erica Berger; her office is around DuPont Circle
[Thomas Tsakounis, MS, LCPC, NCC, DCC, RH(AHG)](http://www.aquietjourney.com/thomas-tsakounis)
Faith Tanney in Tenleytown is the jam. 
I usually start with [Washingtonian Magazine's Top Docs list](https://www.washingtonian.com/best/doctors/) and then cross reference them with my insurance company.
there was a 2 story in Roslyn that is now gone. https://www.arlnow.com/2014/04/01/mcdonalds-in-rosslyn-closes/

and another large one, that appers to be 2 stories outside of the Metro Center stop: 1235 New York Ave NW, Washington, DC 20005

Why?


The honor of a nation is its life. - Hamilton
I really don't remember ever seeing a three story McDonalds.  Definately 2 stories though
How about the one near Farragut North or old one in Glenmont, MD?
There's a big one at NY Ave and 1st St NE by the ATF/NoMa Meteo.
Similar question: It seems to me whenever I drive by that three is a three-building -- yes, like a little compound -- McD just south of Route 50 near Seven Corners. Is that really what that is?
The McDo on K St was 2 stories?
There used to be a big one on NY/13th NW. Not sure if it was three stories, it was at least two. Maybe there was a lower level. 
[This](https://www.google.com/maps/place/McDonald's/@38.9084454,-77.0061533,3a,60y,199.32h,86.5t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1slwmyYvHvvzbxX8IX0XVoFQ!2e0!7i13312!8i6656!4m8!1m2!2m1!1smcdonalds!3m4!1s0x0:0x8576ffa3acd06323!8m2!3d38.9079577!4d-77.0063013) one is two stories. It's on 50 kinda near where 395 starts. 
There is a two story McDonalds near MchPhearson Metro.
There was kind of 3 story McDonalds on Pennsylvania Ave between 6th and 7th SE but it's long gone. It's now a mattress store.

You walked in and there were some(6) tables ground level and you could walk down to the counter to order or walk up and there were more tables and a play area. 
Are you sure it was a McD's?

I haven't been there in years, but isn't the BK in Van Ness multiple levels?

It might have gotten replaced by Chik-fil-A, though. 
[Post from yesterday](https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/590cte/21_halloween_weekend_in_dc/?st=iuokrm7b&sh=e7764075)
People here seem to like Nightmare on M Street
Now that we have Bill Murray's support (possibly?) I'm not sure how Congress can still say no. Thoughts?
Getting closer to election day a million bars will announce election-watching parties and stuff. You should be able to find some good event round-ups if you look at sites like dcist.com and brightestyoungthings.com

If you drink in Penn Quarter you won't be far from the White House if you want to run there after to celebrate//reenact the end of the Planet of the Apes.
You can go stand outside the White House at midnight and wave your arms or something or you can just drink and watch results roll in at any bar in the city.
It's a work day and the results come in around 1 am. Are people really going to be partying hard? 
It's a worthy investment.

Once you read it, you'll know more about urban planning than a lot of planners, more about New York than many New Yorkers, and you will be part of a fraternity so enthusiastic that they just concluded a contest to design a board game around the book, nearly a half century after it was written. The author just took the Dutch prime minister on a driving tour of locations from the books. 

Get the book at the library or used. I found mine after moving into a new apartment. It's a great use of your time. 
Your appreciation might be greater if you recognize names like the Mosholu Parkway (which my friends and I remain convinced is not a real highway) or the significance of the Triborough Bridge, it's a great read and very illuminating.
As a born and raised NYer, it was amazing reading about how my city was created and shaped.  

But even if you were an alien from another planet, you would marvel at the sheer power held and used by one single man.  His visions for structures that were far more glorious than any municipal ones had ever been.  

It's a great read.  I've done it twice.  Loved it both times. 
I've always been curious, why would you go through the effort of getting a fake to be able to go out and buy overpriced alcohol? House parties are where it's at. 
So you want to drink/go to a bar?

Bars on Halloween are extremely packed and not particularly fun. House or apartment parties are much better.
Rus Uz
Sisters Thai in downtown Fairfax is the best! They have a second location at the Mosaic District in Merrifield, but the original is the best.
Kebab Palace in Crystal City.
Thai Gaan Wan  is in the Springfield area and is awesome. So is Afgan Kabob on the corner of old Keene mill road and rolling road. 
I would also suggest Red Holic or il Mee buffet  in Arlington for good Korean food. 

Edit : Red Holic and il Mee are in Annandale. Thank you for the correction!
[If you go to the NOVA subreddit they have a huge post linked in the sidebar answering your question](https://www.reddit.com/r/nova/comments/4pnzew/2016_nova_redditors_recommended_holeinthewall/) 
Kohinoor Dhaba in Crystal City is amazing Indian. Have only had them via takeout.
My suggestions(some already mentioned):  

* Kabob Palace in Crystal City. Get the Chicken Karahi Boneless spicy, and order 30 minutes in advance. Costs $25 feeds 4-5. Make sure to get extra naan. 
* Toosso in Sterling. Go on a weekend and get either the Nihari, the Haleem, or the Chicken Tikka. All amazing and authentic. 
* Pizza and Gyro in Springfield. Hidden gem of that area. Get the Beef or Chicken Bihari Kabob roll. $5 and super delicious. 
* Ba Le Bakery in Falls Church. Best Banh Mi I've had, beats all Eden center places. 
* Moockies in Great Falls. Nothing compares to BBQ in the south, but this place is surprisingly good. I'd recommend the burnt ends sandwich. 
* Kogiya in Annandale, and Iron Age in Centreville. Both have the best Korean BBQ's around. Try it! Lighthouse Tofu is also really good if you're in the mood for more regular Korean fare and soups. 
* Taco Bamba in Tysons Corner. Really really good authentic Mexican Tacos and more, with an awesome ambiance. 
* The Italian Store in Arlington. If you want NY style pizza, go here. 


I wouldn't call these underrated, but Ravi Kabob, Nam Viet, Taco Bamba, and Taqueria Tres Reyes are some of my favorites.
Can't remember what it's called, but the Ethiopian restaurant in Crystal City on 18th St. is legit.
There are probably some underrated gems in [Tyler Cowan's](http://tylercowensethnicdiningguide.com) blog.
My two favorites:

[Marib in Springfield by intersection of 395 and 495](http://www.maribrestaurant.com/). The food here is absolutely amazing.  Get the Fahsa and extra pita. Every time I go there it's awesome. 

[A&J Restaurant in Annadale is awesome as well](http://www.aj-restaurant.com/main.html). Bring cash as it is cash only. Their beef soup is fan-fucking-tastic.



For Ethiopian, Abay Market and Eyo Sports Bar, both in the same complex on S. George Mason Dr. 

For Thai, Ghin Na Ree off Lee Hwy. Massive portions, very cheap, and one of the only places I have found that makes food properly spicy.

Aladdin Sweets on Lee Hwy has ridiculously good and cheap Bangladeshi food.

For something more upscale, Me Jana in Courthouse has bomb Lebanese food. I could eat their garlic whip with a spoon by itself. Ma La Tang is a great upscale Chinese Hot Pot restaurant that's a bit expensive but very good.


Celtic House in Arlington off Columbia Pike has never ever disappointed me. Also would second Kebab Place in Crystal City. 
Peter Chang in Arlington - fantastic Szechuan. Grandma's noodles and dry-fried eggplant are both killer.
Arlington kabob on Lee HWY is great: inexpensive, unassuming and the food is delicious.   The staff was also very nice and accommodating to my family.  
Hawwi Ethiopian Restaurant on Queen Street, in Old Town. Great breakfast, and has a lunch buffet. 
A&J chinese in Annandale and Rockville. Maybe not underrated, but definitely worth a visit
We had a fantastic lunch at [Marumen](http://www.marumenva.com/) today. Get the pork rinds!
I love Vaso's Kitchen in Alexandria. It's accurately rated as being very good! It's Greek.
[Pad Thai](http://www.padthai-va.com) in Fairfax.
Queen Amannisa in Crystal City. Only Uyghur place around - unique and delicious cuisine. No booze, though; fortunately, Highline RxR bar is right down the street for a nightcap...
Two Amigos at the Dulles Expo Center strip mall. Best refried beans and fried plantains and.... everything, really. 

Lebanese Kitchen in Greenbriar Plaza; their food is *amazing*. 


Pita house in Old Town ( a litle far out but you can still get there via metro!)
Sense of Thai at One Loudoun is *phenomenal*. 

Get a dealer's choice cocktail (preferable from Ross) steamed dumplings, and pretty much any entree. I'm very partial to the Bangkok spaghetti, the curries or the drunken noodle. If you're feeling decadent, get the lychee cheesecake for desert.
If you're ever near Van Dorn station Kabul Kabob is extremely good (and not as jammed as Kebab Palace).
Afghan Kabob
&nbsp;


Afghan Bistro
&nbsp;


Dunya Banquet Hall (another afghan restaurant)
&nbsp;


Kabob Palace (owners are afghan but I think it's flavored more pakistani since it is spicy. afghan food is not usually spicy)
&nbsp;


Ravi Kabob (pakistani, my favorite pakistani place though)
&nbsp;




I got you OP.
Banh Mi's at Banh mi so at Edens

Afgan Kabobs at Kabob Palace

Lotus Garden has a excellent hand pulled noodles

Plaka Grill at Vienna got good gyros

Swatdees for thai at Courthouse

Pedro and Vinny's for Burritos.  


goes on and on.  
Xuan Saigon - Vietnamese in Leesburg
Burapa Thai in Lansdowne
There is a taqueria in downtown leesburg that is great but the name has slipped my mind at the moment.
And there's a really good legit Mexican/Latino place in sterling park.
Not sure if underrated but my favorites are Lighthouse BBQ Tofu in Annandale for Korean and Amma's in Vienna for South Indian dosas. 
Saigon Saigon at Pentagon Row. Order the large meat boat. But for martinis ... remind them we like them cold...
Kabob Bazaar in Clarendon. One of the better, underrated Persian restaurants in the area. Yes, I know about the others (i.e. Shamshiry, Amoos, Rose, etc.), but this one is truly underrated
Bamian Restaurant at Baileys Crossroads has some pretty good Afghani food. 
For afghan food, I recommend Lapis in DC and Bamian in Falls Church.
Queen Amannisa on 23rd street in Crystal City serves Uyghur food, which is a culture I had not heard of until I went. Worth trying for sure.
In Woodbridge, Siam Bistro if you like Thai. Their spring rolls are so good, honestly everything I've had has been stellar. 
Some mentioned, some not:

Chasin Tails -Falls Church, try the shrimp o'dang nawlins hot

-Huong Viet -Eden center, try the quail

-Bangkok Golden -near Eden, try the larb

-Indaroma -on Little River turnpike, great naan

-Oegadgib- Annandale, try the all you can eat deal

-Breeze Cafe- Annandale, try the fruit cake

-Shamshiri- Tyson's, try the Rose water dessert

Edit: formating


What do you mean by "ethnic"?

Like the [Auld Shebeen](http://www.theauldshebeenva.com/new/)?
[Jerusalem](http://www.jerusalem-va.net/home/home) in Bailey's Crossroads for some delicious Middle East cuisine.
el charrito caminante in arlington
El Rincon del Sabor in Sterling.  On premise butcher shop.  Some of my favorite beef tacos.
Viet House #[i forget the number] Tedrich Blvd + Little River Turnpike in Fairfax.

Is their cheaper tastier pho in fairfax?


also skip Honey Pig and do Yen Chong. Right across the parking lot. 
Abi on Columbia Pike.
Ok, so I added on to what most of you suggested for Asian spots but I want to contribute a place that is different, this place is more dessert but is starting to serve food and will expand food choices soon, which is the [Swiss bakery](http://www.theswissbakery.com/). They have small plates now and of course their deserts are amazing, great place to start or end a nice date.
Yum. Always love these posts.
I like Rice Paper
Yechon in Annandale is IMO the best Korean in the area.
Griz is playing echostage. done
Go to the drag queen race this week near DuPont
Trust me: there is no such thing as a good pub crawl on a major holiday.  Typically they're packed with people who don't know how to drink or how to conduct themselves, which is why the real drinkers avoid drinking holidays like the plague.  If you *do* want to go to the bars, stick to the smaller neighborhood enclaves, like Columbia Heights, Petworth, and Shaw (but even then that's a gamble these das).  Adams Morgan, U Street, H Street...all of them will be overcrowded with annoying people who can't hold their liquor and think they are somehow unique, deserving attention for being the Nth Ken Bone or Nasty Clinton you've seen that evening.  And, finally, unless you know them personally, the bar staff will hate you.  Stick to house parties if you can.  
Speaking for myself and my fiancé, we are probably going to go to U Street, H Street or Adams Morgan for bars and then just walk around Dupont Circle in costume.

In regards to Embassy Row, I previously found some links regarding it [here](http://www.american.edu/ucm/news/20151028-Halloween-on-Embassy-Row.cfm) and [here](http://www.blog.thehoya.com/the-updated-guide-to-an-embassy-row-halloween/). I also found [this](https://www.meetup.com/Embassyevents/events/234651234/), which is a meetup group charging $30 (!!!) to walk around and try to get into embassies...with no guarantee. But regardless, it seems you can just go to different embassies without any tickets.


YMMV...

I've done the bar crawls. I signed in at the most northern location and did the bar crawl "backwards". Make sure to start when it opens, and plan on giving up getting food/drinks around 7 (gets beyond crowded). Had a great time from 2-7 though, then went up to Cleveland Park with my group to get cheap drinks with no crowds. 

If I were in town this year, I'd be going to [Flash Band at Songbyrd](http://www.songbyrddc.com/shows/2016-10-29-flashband) in Adams Morgan. Flash Band is literally random musicians that get drafted into different bands and have to put together covers and original songs and perform them at this event to win a real paid gig. All different genres, and everything is halloween themed. I've been before, the musicians are really really good and its a fun time.

Runner Up: [Red Derby](https://www.facebook.com/events/343827025712714/). I don't live anywhere near Columbia Heights, and I've only been here once, but I fucking loved Red Derby. Good vibe, not pretentious, and not full of people that can't handle themselves while drinking. Also cheap drinks and nice people. Again, only been there once so I can't vouch for their parties.

If you want to do the bar crawl, do it! For your own sake, go early and look on Groupon for the cheaper ticket before you buy the full priced one.
Op I'll be djing a silent disco at embassy row hotel
Just google "Nightmare on M Street" bar crawl, i'm sure you can find a site to buy tickets... All of DC and Arlington will be crowded, if you wanna go do that. Try sticking to ONE place after 6pm because I can promise you it'll be next to impossible to get in anywhere else (huge lines with drunks, people refusing to give their space to order drinks at the bar). Go out early and have fun man! ...you're gonna bump into drunk idiots & cops regardless. That's a given but if you go with a small group and start off, day drinking? you'll have a better time...instead of waiting til 8pm or so, that's gonna make it impossible for you to get in anywhere. Best of luck and have fun! 
college students?

Go to Georgetown... Hit almost any bar on M St.
50 state streets project is a popular one.... photograph something unique on the streets corresponding to each of the 50 states; bonus points for puerto rico and columbia. 

For a while I was tracking down the murals in the city, but there are so many of them it's difficult.

There is a lot of statuary around here; that's always a good photo project. 

[This is a very common, easy one](http://s4.favim.com/orig/50/10-dollar-bill-20-dollar-bill-5-dollar-bill-50-dollar-bill-amazing-Favim.com-446441.jpg)

Night time shots of all the memorials.... and not just the greatest hits on the mall, but the ones like the merchant marine memorial across the river, the air force memorial, army memorial, etc. 

Those are a few

edit: words.... also, photographing all of the asian buildings in the greater DC area is a nice one
driving in over the 14th street bridge each morning I see a cranes all over the city... I always thought, "DC under construction" would be an interesting photo project... all the cranes and work being done around the city
RESET THE COUNTER
Yes!!! Gabrielle Fouchey Williams!!! PM me and I'll put you in touch.
Don't know any but am commenting for future reference. 
Just smoke some weed man
Smoke some weed and read The Teachings of Don Juan: A Yaqui Way of Knowledge.
Oh dear, this is the most hilarious thread I've seen in a long time.
Que
I'm pretty smart and perceptive. Sadly I don't have any drugs for you...

EDIT - Heh, what the fuck else do you think a shaman does ffs? Advice and drugs, s'it. 
For $20 I'll dance around and spout mumbo jumbo in your face.  

Guaranteed to be exactly equally clinically effective as a shaman or your money back!  
There's a guy in the Silver Spring/TKPK area who walks around with a pouch that looks like a bull's scrotum and is covered in what I think is horse hair.  I don't think he keeps regular hours but he seems pretty invested in shouting the demons out of people... If this isn't a shaman I don't know what is.
Gag .
[Take a look at the official visitors guide.] (https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/wiki/guide)

Edit to add- what do you mean by 2 under 18? There's a massive difference in the type of restaurant that a pair of toddlers can handle, versus teenagers. Teenagers should be able to behave like adults in a restaurant setting, so any restaurant should be appropriate.
To get from Regan National into the city, you can take the metro or you can get a taxi or Uber or Lyft. To get around the city, you can walk, take the metro, take buses, or taxi/uber/lyft.

All of the Smithsonian museums will be open.

I would definitely try and Google these things or look at the official visitors' guide if you have further questions.
All Smithsonian Museums are free and will be open that week.  The museums only close Christmas Day.

National Archives is closed Thanksgiving Day.  

Cab or ride service (Lyft or Uber) can get you from DCA to downtown DC.  In DC, most of the Smithsonian Museums are concentrated around the Mall and are walkable.   

Yes. The only day the Smithsonian closes is Christmas Day. If its a non-smithsonian museum (Spy Museum, Newseum, National Gallery) then it help to double check but you should be okay. 


All of the Smithsonian Museums are free! The National Gallery is also free. The museums in the immediate vicinity of you that are not free are the Spy Museum, the Newseum, the Museum of Women's Art (a little far from where you are, but great), and the Building Museum. If you had to choose any to pay for, I would go for the Newseum. It'll really resonate with your teenagers, I think. 

Good restaurants for teenagers: 

- District Taco, 1309 F St. NW. DC's version of Chipotle, and it's wonderful! 

- Milk Bar in City Center (11th and I St. NW) is a fun and kitschy dessert place that's part of the greater NYC-based Momofuku family. Momofuku, right next door to Milk, is also worth a visit. 

The area where you are staying has lots of fast-casual places, like the aforementioned District Taco, since it's downtown where most people do grab-and-go lunches. If you'd like to venture into parts of town with more sit-down dinners, I'd venture up to Dupont Circle and try a place like Bareburger. That is a short metro ride away from Metro Center. I love Otello for Italian food, which is just south of Dupont Circle. 

There is also fantastic walking to be done in other neighborhoods of DC, if you'd like to explore beyond museums and monuments. Adams Morgan and U Street both have excellent restaurant scenes and lots of history. 
Practically every museum I can think of that charges an admission, will take credit cards.  (No need to carry lots of cash.)

Also, I think most museums will be open every day, except Thanksgiving Day (I can't think of any that are closed the day after Thanksgiving).
I'd frame this on a wall
Well you're not gonna raw dog a bud lite can
The golden ticket
Well at least the Redskins can and condom wrapper fit the color scheme of the season
Love that beer can 
...on a wall in the city hall.So sad that there are people in such a great city lack basic civility.
Seems like a happenin spot.
Its missing a dog poop
Hope you picked up that trash.
I flew from New Orlaens to BWI on Friday afternoon. As we descend on final approach we finally break through the low clouds and The first thing I noticed was how much the trees had changed in the area, very pretty from above.
So beautiful.
Ugh. Now maybe we'll get some love at least as an underdog if nothing else.
We did it! (?)
They've only been here 11 years. They've made the playoffs 3 of them. 

Continued success will hopefully lead to the end of this talk. 
I don't know if you can count a "franchise" vs a team that has stayed in one city. Seems kind of sketchy. Can't imagine there's that many people in DC who cared when they were in Montreal.
There is a petsmart within walking distance of Bethesda metro on Wisconsin and Bradley. Also there is one near Crystal City Metro in Arlington but a bit over a mile from metro so that may require additional Uber or bus. 
There's a Petsmart a couple miles from the Greenbelt metro. There are a couple Metrobus routes that will take you there.
ask a local pet store to order them for you

or get a car2go membership
There's a PetSmart less than a 10 minute walk from the Bethesda metro station. On Wisconsin across from the Trader Joe's. 
Former snake owner here! Try [Tropical Lagoon Aquarium](http://www.tropicallagoon.com/), they have live mice and tons of exotic pet supplies, and you can visit a really old and awesome tortoise. It's about a 12 min (according to google) walk from the Forest Glen metro.

One note though - my husband and I used to call the guy who ran this store the fish nazi. He's not very nice and can be quite dismissive and gruff. Just don't expect stellar customer service, but give them a call and they might have what you need.
What about raising new meal worms? You can do it in a plastic tub or two.
Post a picture of your giant frog!
If you want to order online for future feedings, I recommend [Josh's Frogs](http://www.joshsfrogs.com/). They sell ready to feed insects, cultures, and culturing equipment for a reasonable price.
FYI you can order live nightcrawlers and hissing cockroaches online shipped to your door for cheap vs the slightly pain in the ass situation it sounds like you are in 
Not sure where you live but I live in NE too. I need live food for my fish and travel out to the edge of 495/Georgia ave for it.
There's a Petco right next to the Cleveland Park metro stop.

Edit:My bad, just reread your post and saw Petco doesn't carry your stuff. Try Whole Foods. They have everything
I've had basic work done at George's Shoe Repair on 16th/U NW and have been happy each time. My wife had her shoes resoled their as well and they came out great.
The guy that runs Eastern Market Shoe Repair at Penn/7th SE is friendly and does great work. Very fair prices, too, considering his location. Last time he even threw in a free shoe shine.
Rudy at M & M Cobblers next to Farragut North does a great job. Can be pricey, but your shoes look as good as new and the repairs last

Philip's is the only legit shoe repair place in the region:
https://m.yelp.com/biz/philips-shoe-repair-washington
Resoling is a standard shoe repair job.  Not sure what you mean by repainting - I assume putting edge dressing back on the edges of the sole?  That is pretty trivial.

So you really don't need a good shoe guy for any of those tasks.  You can just drop your shoes off at a dry cleaner and they will send to their shoe contractor.  Alternatively any shoe drop off place you come across will be able to get this done.
I'm new to the area and have a date on Saturday evening. I'm wondering where to take her. We are both in our mid-twenties.
Maybe somewhere to grab a drink or/and check out spooky Halloween stuff. Shouldn't be too crowded or noisy. Any help is greatly appreciated!
Is there a place for like renting studio space or a space to do larger art work? Nothing special, just miss doing some more interesting types and can't really get paint in the house/place I'm at. 
I'm going to be in DC Friday for interviews, but I'll be done by 4 and my flight doesn't leave DCA until 10 PM. Two questions. Will getting to the airport at 8PM be fine for time? I'm not usually flying when I come out here so I'm less familiar with the airports. I'm not checking a bag and generally travelling pretty light. 

Also, any suggestions for something to do in a few hours that I have to kill? I've been the DC plenty of times to have done the monuments rounds and museums. So, less obvious places to visit or even just cool places you like to wander around? 
My friend and I are heading up tomorrow night to drink and be merry and have a good time. We're both 24. Anything fun going on that we could enjoy? We were just planning on going to a bar or something but I was wondering if there were any fun events going on, or if anyone had any specific fun bars in mind that were more than just sitting and drinking.
What are some good places to watch the World Serries? I'm assuming there will be lots of bars near the National's stadium as options? Any restaurants showing it that wont be super packed and require getting there early?

Edit: Just found the post about bar recommendations. 
Howdy!!! I am coming up to watch my sister run the marathon this weekend. My favorite college football team plays at noon. I am looking for the best place to watch the game and enjoy some dang good food. I am close to the Rosslyn metro, if that helps. I'd rather not travel far, but if i need to ride the metro i can. Any tips would be greatly appreciated!
First time in DC staying near DuPont circle. I'm 23 any bars that have a youngerish crowd during the week?  Not looking for anything fancy 
I'll be in DC on thanksgiving. Given that i'm from the UK it's not something i know much about. Anywhere good I can get a roast dinner from and with it being thanksgiving is anywhere closed or is there any events happening?
I'll be visiting a couple days after election day.

Is it more crowded for any reason at this time or business as usual?
Coming into town later in the week and would love to go to the new African American History museum. I know timed passes are all out until March of next year, so I'm going to try for a same-day pass (gulp). How early should I get there to line up to score one? Thanks! 
We have some friends coming in to town that would like to go to the zoo on Saturday, the first day of the safe track work on the red line. We live in PG County. Which of these options do you think is better?

* Take green line to Gallery Place, switch to red line. Not clear how reduced the red line service will be on the weekend, so that's my only concern with this option.
* Take green line to Columbia Heights, catch Circulator bus to Woodley Park stop, walk two blocks to zoo entrance.
Where do you look for apartments? I need to list my place for rent and it has been so long since I rented myself I want to make sure I put it up properly!
[deleted]
Yes, this is a dumb question, but...

Can anyone tell me what the Pentagon metro stop looks like? As in, when you get off at that stop, what do you see? Is it connected to the Pentagon or do you end up out in the open?
Excited to come in for Marine Corps Marathon this weekend. My 5ish trip to DC and first time for the rest of the fam. 
Didn't this first air over a year ago?
Reason to go back and watch this: go to the song at the end and look at the bottom row, left side. It's Lucas from Stranger Things!

https://youtu.be/4Z4j2CrJRn4?t=15m50s
@YouTube @HBO @LastWeekTonight @iamjohnoliver #DCstatehood #DCstatehoodTVnews the best 17 minute intro to DC #VotingRights.
And Tunlaw Rd is Walnut backwards as there was a walnut farm there.
And it's pronounced Gluh-Ver you uncouth swine.
DCTECH Meetup?
http://www.meetup.com/DC-Tech-Meetup/


What are you trying to get into specifically? And what's your background in?
TechBreakfasts are fun! http://www.eventbrite.com/o/techbreakfast-1123456529
There's a lot of good stuff in these roundups. http://dcinno.streetwise.co/2016/10/24/inno-approved-dc-tech-events-to-know-about-this-week-1024-1030/
Maybe they're trying to distract you from the track fire
I have noticed that the rate of announcements are getting much higher. Like, the metro stops midway 2 stops for around 30 seconds, like it did many many times before. However, now, they give me 4-5 announcements during this time about not worrying and that we'll be moving momentarely. Like, who cares, I find it distracting. Have not heard about the megaphone yet though
Wait... You guys can understand what they're saying?!
Speaking of announcements, there is a metro operator who treats his job like he's a gd train conductor. Every stop it's "alllll aboard!" Then he'll get on the speaker and jabber the whole way. It's annoying, especially during evening rush, when I just want to sit in the car in peace. Maybe I'm alone in this.

I've gotten him twice on the green line this week. Second time I hopped off and waited for the next train. 

Edit: okay I'm just a crotchety old man. Please ignore me and be sure to stay off my lawn. Kthnx.
Well, since curses aren't a real thing...I'd agree. 
Yeah. Fuck that guy. 
DC Brawlers won the first Grid League championship. 
There isn't, Dusty Baker just has no idea how to manage a pitching staff, and it's well documented from his days in San Francisco until now. 

Remember, the Nats didn't want Baker in the first place, they called on Bud Black, lowballed him, called his bluff, and pulled a "we'll show you move" and hired Baker instead of renegotiating. There's a reason nobody would touch him after Cincinnati, the guy set his teams up for failure time and time again. 


Maybe not what you're looking for as it's a food truck, but I'm a fan of [Lilypad on the Run](https://www.yelp.com/biz/lilypad-on-the-run-food-truck-washington).
Ethiopic on H Street is great although sometimes the service can be spotty.
The honor of a nation is its life. - Hamilton
I don't have a favorite place though I do have a related question: What are your favorite dishes you order when you get Ethiopian?


Chercher is tasty.  That said, the best Ethiopian food I've ever had was from Eyo Sport Bar in Fall's Church.
Lucy in silver spring 
Etete is pretty decent, though a little more restaurant-y and less hole in the wall than Zenebech. If you're looking to match the cheap/utilitarian aspect of Zenebech, and the late hours, Habesha fits the bill.
Google maps will do this for you. So will wmata trip planner
Sorry, 14th and what? 
>Basically I need to go someplace on 14th street.

Basically 14th Street NW is over 7 miles long, so this post is basically useless. 
McPherson Square for the bottom of 14th ST; U Street for the middle; Columbia Heights for the top bit. 

Use Google Maps to input your starting destination and your final destination.
If you have a smartphone I would just plug in your destination address in the Citymapper app. It'll tell you which Metrorail or Metrobus route to take, which station to get off at, etc. 

(There's no way for anyone here to guess how you should get to a location without knowing where it is -- and obviously I'm not going to ask you to post the exact address. Use the app.)
14th is a long street. You'll need to be specific about where you want to go.
> I'm also not rich but i don't.. Think it'll be a problem?

What?

You live 20 minutes away but don't know that you need to specify a cross street...? Any earth-dweller should know that.
>I'm also not rich but i don't.. Think it'll be a problem?

What does this even mean?
I'm guessing the poster is young...

I'd suggest you get citymapper or google maps and try these
Hello Metro Customer! We don't know shit either, but somehow this will all work out. When in doubt, travel to Metro center and pray. 
The trip planner at wmata.com will give you specific directions and provide the exact fare amounts you need. 

If you have the address and want to share it here (or the nearest street) we can help but 14th street is miles long and there are several metro stations you could use depending on where exactly you're going. 
Silver line to L'enfant Plaza; then change to the green or yellow line up to U st/cardozo.  Ask someone for help when you get to L'enfant--there's this rush+ thing that goes on and not all trains may go up as far as U st.

Then check the website of your destination for street directions when you get topside. Good luck.

eta: the right station. -derp-
Grow some weed in your closet. 
Dog walking, segway tours, I mean there are tons of options if you get creative. That said, if you get a job working weekends you better expect to work *every* weekend. 
Bartender/Waiter, postmates, like someone else said dogwalking.
Do you like dogs? Sign up for Rover and DogVacay. You can board in your home, offer daycare services, offer walks, or house sit. I make about an extra $300-$500 a month doing that.
If you have a car, Uber or Lyft would be my suggestion. 
Soccer referee. There's games every night and on the weekends. They're in huge demand for soccer referees around here and it's easy cash. 
I have a friend making good money (and good tips) doing bike deliveries for Postmates
Just look for odd jobs on Craigslist. Best $/hr is usually helping people move stuff. If you book ahead of time, you can probably pull in 50-100 per hour. 

If you have a truck/suv, even more. You can haul junk to the Fort Totten transfer station for free, and charge a few hundred bucks per load.

Not long ago I saw someone here or in /r/nova talking about working in a scare attraction on weekends.
Rent a car, drive for Uber or Lyft.
You know it's nice when there's a Whole Foods.

Really though, it's a beautiful building.
>studios priced around $1,900 a month

Great Googly Moogly!
I'd rather live in a row home a block or two away and pocket the extra grand or two that one would pay to live in this monstrosity of a building.

Feels so weird walking by this building.
Inb4 some comment about gentrification
Member when yuppies weren't on H st?  I member.
My biggest issue with this development (in addition to the ludicrous cost) is their tagline: "Where heritage meets hustle. Only on H St."

WHAT H ST HERITAGE ARE THEY REFERRING TO? Fuck this place. Seriously. 


By partner with, do you mean get somebody to pay for?
Describe what you mean by "partner with". Are you raising money for somewhere?
[Family Services](www.fs-inc.org)
Curious to learn more info! I helped start and now run a small non profit a little over a year ago. We're partnered with Georgetown and Johns Hopkins' SAIS as well as some DC public elementary schools. If you'd like to know more check it out: http://www.youthdiplomacy.org
[deleted]
Billy Goat Trail A in Great Falls in Bethesda/Potomac, MD. 30 mins from downtown DC and offers good hiking for being this close. 
Rent a car at DCA for like 40 bucks
You could just walk to Rock Creek Park for free...
REI offers hikes. Transportation is included.
Rock Creek Park, Roosevelt Island, Arboretum (bus).
It's $40-50 min to get from DC to rural anywhere. If you're under 25 and can't rent cars at cheap rates it's more like $100 to do a day trip outside of public transport range. That's just a fact of carless life in the district. 
If you are on 14th st then head west into rock creek park and walk to your hearts content.

If you need more info on that let me know
There is a metro-accessible 10.7 mile circuit with a historic mill and nice stream crossings using the Cross County, Colvin Run and W&OD trails in Fairfax. The W&OD is accessible from the Wiehle-Reston stop.

Detailed instructions for that hike are in the Potomac Appalachian Trail Club Hikes in the Washington Region, Northern Virginia book (or PM me). 

Other options:

If you feel like exploring, it's possible to hike along stretches of Rock Creek Park, down to the canal towpath, and across Chain Bridge Road. There is a nice climb on the north-west side of Chain Bridge Rd that leads up to Fort Marcy (civil war fort site along the GW Parkway). 

Hikes through the city are fun. Hike through the city to Teddy Roosevelt Island for a cool memorial (especially for us who like national and state parks) that sees fewer tourists.
Take a bus or bike to Rock Creek.
So... I carpool. People are organizationally challenged, I'm not. Over the years, I collected names of people who wanted to go on hikes. Every month or so I'd pick a date, shoot out an email, as them to respond if they want to be kept in the loop about it. The week of I'd ask for confirmations and settle up the meeting spot and who's driving and the car situation. At least one of them would inevitably have a car, and we'd usually end up with 3-5 people on the trip.

We'd all pitch in for gas and take turns driving... but we're talking about $5 plus the share of whatever parking/entry fee versus $40 plus gas plus insurance (if you don't already have it). It's worked for years this way. In short, make friends with people who have cars and take the initiative to make the hike happen and it will work out in some trail magic type way. Or shell out the money for the car rental. Which is pretty cheap from DCA.
Lots of us own cars...

Honestly in this city I don't understand the logic behind going carless. Get a $1000 POS off Craigslist, the bare minimum of insurance, and a residential parking permit.

If you go on more than one day trip/hike/H-mart/Costco run a month it pays for itself.
Zip cars are like $12/hour, smart cars are $15/hour (car2go), both have daily maximums as well around 75-100.
#CultureOfSafety
Much like a tree falling in the woods, if you kill off all of the external safety inspectors, does that make The system safer?
Maybe it's a warning that the next FTA inspection report had better not... jump...to any negative conclusions about WMATA's work.
[Even with new safety commission, risky Metro workers could remain at the agency](http://wtop.com/tracking-metro-24-7/2016/10/even-with-new-safety-commission-risky-metro-workers-could-remain-at-the-agency/)
I'm pretty sure I saw them. There were two guys in the middle space between the tracks just south of DCA. I was on a yellow line southbound train when I saw them. Then I see a north bound train appear and go by with them standing in the middle. Not much room for error. 
I'm sure the union has a good reason for this. 
Where they on the national airport bridge?
Face palm
They have a great union. It doesn't matter. 
If you're brave and so is your photographer try the Rapids Bridge Hike. About 1/2 a mile in there's a portion of the creek that's really still and it's easy to climb out onto the rocks and get a reflective shot. Here's a [photo](http://dcrefined.com/city-living/rock-creek-park-is-starting-to-change-colors-and-its-gorgeous#photo-11) I took there for work this week. The [bridge itself is also stunning](http://dcrefined.com/city-living/rock-creek-park-is-starting-to-change-colors-and-its-gorgeous#photo-1)

Edit: OP, I'm a photojournalist in D.C. if you want location suggestions that aren't forest-y, please let me know! I definitely have lots of recommendations.
It may be cliche at this point, but I still really like the look of the [DC War Memorial](http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/.a/6a00d8341c630a53ef015392e5b2c5970b-800wi).
Arboretum and bonsai gardens 
A classic DC street with yellow fall ginkgo leaves may be cool.

https://www.google.com/maps/d/edit?ll=38.91007%2C-77.030296&spn=0.04762%2C0.077162&hl=en&t=p&oe=utf-8&client=firefox-a&msa=0&z=14&source=embed&ie=UTF8&mid=11Pq5OrYs91bGBvSbyfmszebPb0Q
A little weird, but we took ours in this [canal out behind Norwood Park in Bethesda](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bethesda,+MD/@38.9736735,-77.0997837,17.67z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x89b7cbb76a24022d:0x26b279f76a2bcd0d!8m2!3d38.984652!4d-77.0947092), and really like [how they turned out!](http://i.imgur.com/jhZ72xM.jpg)


I've seen cool ones in Chinatown if you're looking for a more modern feel.
DC Memorial on the mall. 
Teddy Roosevelt park! 
See a lot of people in Old Town Alexandria back-alleys
Meridian Hill Park
We looked excellent at the Jefferson Memorial
Union Station, Kennedy Hockey Field, WWI Memorial, the canal in Georgetown, a shitty bar, and the MBT. 
Old Town Alexandria. Particualrly the cobblestoned-portion of Prince St.
I'm good with electrical stuff. Lmk
Some electrical tape and some heatshrink, and you should be fine. Check YouTube for tutorials. :)
If you don't want to give it a shot yourself, literally any electrician can do this. 
Of course, Bob should turn in his Man card if he can't fix this.
Thanks Obama
"nixes twerking" looks like it belongs in one of those contrived sentences that uses all the letters of the alphabet.
What a dumb headline to this article. He was just making a joke, twerking has nothing to do with anything.
https://www.dol.gov/whd/overtime/fs17a_overview.pdf

To qualify for the administrative employee exemption, all of the following tests must be met:

-The employee must be compensated on a *salary or fee basis* (as defined in the regulations) at a rate not
less than $910 per week (~$47k);

-The employee’s primary duty must be the performance of office or non-manual work directly related to
the management or general business operations of the employer or the employer’s customers; and

-The employee’s primary duty includes the exercise of discretion and independent judgment with respect
to matters of significance.

You need to meet all three of those criteria to be exempt.
This is something the Wage and Hour Division at the Department of Labor can help you with. A phone call to your local office should clarify the issue: https://www.dol.gov/whd/america2.htm.

Prior comment is correct that the new weekly salary level does not go in effect until December and that your complaint is likely associated with the nature of your work (the "duties test" in DOL parlance), not your salary level.
Do you have your hire letter? Mine have always said exempt or non exempt, if you have one could be an easy place to check.

Good luck! 
I wish more cities would do this, but make them permanent. I see plenty of cities that over the summer they close off a block or two for a festival. If you can close off a street on a Friday evening during rush hour, you can for sure just close it permanently. 
Europeans seem to have this right. Their pedestrian only squares and streets make it inviting to come outside after work hours and enjoy the neighborhood. I am glad to see that there is a movement here in the area towards that concept.

*The ability to create pedestrian streets if we want. There aren't any firm plans to build any yet nor convert any streets. 
Hey, DC, take note! *cough, Cleveland Park, Georgetown*
YES!!!!!

I am more excited by low-speed shared streets, but this is great news. Having these planning options in an adjacent jurisdiction will help DC understand the value of these designs.
Shirlington first, then crystal City.
Hopefully this will distract them from adding the 742 speed bumps they were planning on installing this year.
The honor of a nation is its life. - Hamilton
Sign up for classes here.  

http://fems.dc.gov/page/hands-hearts-cpr-program
Suspicious. 
"Wow,what a well-planned coincidence!"
Some guy posted here earlier this week and said he got in line at 7 am and got tickets for 2:15. 
i walked right in with my timed ticket, they say on the website they don't want you there early waiting around
[deleted]
You mean Night Buses? They're working on a plan about that right now. 
They act like they can't get work done, in reality it's all about money. They certainly could single track all lines after 10pm on all nights except special events and get more than enough empty track time to do all repairs.
No ANC guide?

Edit: greatergreaterwashington has ANC endorsements http://greatergreaterwashington.org/endorsements/
Gail Parker is running as an Independent, not Green Party? Huh.

At least her answers are written in a manner offering solutions compared to the other two.

Still not voting for Stein, though.
Okay but really, white or grosso? I was rooting for grosso two years ago but rooting for white in the primary and now I don't know what to do.
So basically 6 uncontested races. 
Check out [Harold Black](https://www.yelp.com/biz/harold-black-washington-2) or [The Gibson](https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-gibson-washington).
Nice try, Mr. Prohibition Agent.  
Definte "speak easy."
You mean like a speech therapist? 
Dram & Grain, number for reservations is on twitter
https://twitter.com/DramandGrain?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor
Quarter and Glory near U Street is a great cocktail bar. it isn't a "speakeasy" in the sense that it is not hidden or has any cute gimmick like entering through a phone booth, but they mix great cocktails and have inventive bartenders/mixologists. it's also next to The Gibson, so you can hit both. 
http://www.barpx.com/
Black Squirrel in AdMo lets you rent their 2nd floor for free. Pretty good size and you have your own bar/ bartender. Might get a bit tight with more than 30, but it's an idea.
If you're looking for a living-room type space, the upstairs "Dublin Room" at [Irish Whiskey](http://www.irishwhiskeydc.com/parties.php) is pretty decent for that size of a group. I've used them for two events and both times their pricing was reasonable.
Ask DC Reynolds about the back yard/deck area. They have propane heaters and a retractable roof in case it's too cold. Incredible happy hour deals, so they may cut you a good price for groups.
We had a party at atomic billiard in the day time (when they are normally closed). We were able to bring our own food too. We just had to produce $500 worth of sales. Which honestly was kind of tough since they gave us some good specials. 
Baby Wale had an upstairs bar you can reserve. Have been to a few things there and it's always a good time. 
Lost & Found.
[duffy's on U street](http://www.dcduffys.com/index.html) reserves a decent sized backroom for free if you ask them nicely. they may do drink specials too.
I believe that Right Proper rents out their tasting room over in Brookland for private parties. I've also seen Lymans on 14th close for a private event before. 
Whoa!  Fun story: I actually happened to renew my tags this afternoon at roughly 4:30pm.  I tried to pay twice after getting an error message each time, thought that I'd perhaps entered my card number wrong, re-entered it, and it went through.  
Was this a breach into their systems or a fault of their card processor/other contractor?

Edit: This is due to the DynDNS attack.
So that's why the Montgomery county DLC was accepting cash only last night
Just a few days ago I walked past a dingy-looking Indian food truck and it made me wonder whatever happened to Fogol Bros.  To this day, I think his trucks were some of the best in the city. 

Side note: this was a really interesting article.
I like their curry more than the Indian curry trucks
I miss green green curry and pineapple fried rice so much.
Mannnn, I wish Fojol Bros were still around. I remember their crazy truck way back when truckaroo first kicked off.
What's with all the Washingtonian articles on this sub recently? That mag is a total hack job...."Best Doctors List" my ass.....more like "Best Doctors who pay to be on that list"
These motherfuckers are so often in repair that I've only seen them once out of my many trips to that museum in my 35 years of life.  They should stop dicking around and put them in whatever hermetically sealed thing would be appropriate.  I've seen honest to god Victorian corpses in better condition.
Throw in a mummified flying monkey and it's a deal
I feel like the generation who really cared about these shoes isn't the Kickstarter kind of person. 

Like when they did the Neil Armstrong space suit you can think "Yeah lots of people care about this. The moon was a big deal." But the Wizard of Oz? I feel so generationally disconnected from the people who cared about it. Hell my grandmother loved the movie but she's been dead for five years now.
$300,000 "to study and repair the shoes’ materials, and build a special temperature-controlled display case." Good luck with that horse shit.
Seriously this sounds so dumb.  Basically ignore the needs of the homeless for some shoes that are nearly 80 years old. 

You can always make a replica of them anyway.

I say sell the shoes at an auction as you can get a lot more money for them that way 
It seems like there's a lot of positive feedback! I'll shoot out some PM's to get discussion going potentially?
Not in the area anymore but would've been very interested in this if I was still around. I suggest looking into an online course on coursera or Edx (lots of great ones on data analysis/management using various languages including sql) and taking the course as a group - either watching the lectures together or watching lectures outside of meetups and then working through assigned problems/projects during meetings. Good luck with this!
There are DC data meetup groups; why not make a DC data sub? Seems like a good place to share resources on local data events/orgs/meetups
Sure, I'd be game. I do SQL and R already, but it'll give me an opportunity to get into Python. 
I'd be down to join. I don't know jack about SQL but I am willing to learn. I deal with the DB team at my job all the time and it would help to learn what they are actually accomplishing.
Oh, sure, keep me posted! I use SQL a lot but could brush up on my R and haven't learned Stata or Python yet.
Would be very interested in this!
Seems interesting.
I use R now for basic stuff but would like to learn and use SQL.
I'd be interested. Not really interested in SQL, but I've used Stata and I'm currently trying to learn Python.
Put me down for it too
I'd be interested as well! 
Interested in this in theory, although I don't have much time until this semester is over (work / grad school). I am taking a class right now that is an intro to a lot of data analysis tools in Python, although every day the amount I don't know seems more daunting. 
I'd be interested, I use SQL at work, but I never have to do anything that complicated, so I can certainly learn a lot more!
I'm interested. My job heavily involves the use of R programming. Are you a graduate student in mathematics/stats I'm assuming?
Interesting. I've been building some queries in access for work while I study for my first actuarial exam on Nov 11th. I may be down. And if any actuaries are reading this, my resume is ready and I'm prepared to draft a cover letter (looking for an EL Cat modeling or underwriting job/actuarial science internship).
Yeah! I use SQL a lot now and used to use R; wouldn't mind trying to get back into it. 
Go on meetup.com there are tons of local tech meet ups for every technology around here.  They are free, friendly, informational, and you network with people which is the best way to get a job anyways.  At most meet ups at the start or end people will stand up and say what jobs their company is hiring for and to come talk to them at the end if you are interested.

Edit: any you often get free food too!
I'm interested as well and learn better in a group.  PM me and thanks!
I am interested! Currently learning and working with R on the job and use proc SQL is SAS (which is a stretch I know) and want to learn actual SQL
Unfortunately, this says more about the poor state of transit in the US, than about the quality of access here in DC   :(
For certain values of "rapid"
This is really cool analysis that mirrors real usage--transit-shed.
I think they meant by the mirror universe not this one
I know the burbs don't want to hear this but the study didn't include you. 

The study looked at availability in City limits how close the population came to a train or bus with modifiers for capacity and run times. In this regard DC did well in the US. The question being equivalently you could compare us to Paris who scored over 90%. Because if you look at their burbs they'd score lower than 40%. Paris has similar issues to DC apparently.

So if you waited on a platform this morning at Vienna for 45 mins you don't count in regards to the article.  Technically. If you did a "DC Metro Area", it would have not have been 4th. You are right to feel Metro fails you, but the study didn't include you.

Edit: Downvoted for pointed out the nuance in the study. Stay classy Greater Washington Area.
Thanks /u/metro-operator for you great and completely reliable service. 
I'd honestly like to see Metro coverage develop to Paris levels as DC continues to grow. Getting around Paris on their metro makes the need for a car almost nil.
DC's elections are decided in the primary, so you missed the action. Grosso (incumbent) and White (Dem primary winner) are both shoe-ins. 
At-large a little different than other offices because everyone can vote for two, and the top two vote-getters win, but each party can only put forward one nominee. Which is one of the mechanisms by which there are non-Democratic members of the DC Council. (There are a few other provisions as well.) 

In practice, whomever the Democratic nominee is always wins. Also true for every other office, although sometimes a challenger for mayor has come close. (The mayoral elections are two years offset from presidential elections.) This year the at-large Democratic candidate is Robert White, who beat incumbent Vincent Orange. Sometimes, there is a real contest in the general election for the non-Democratic at-large seat; in 2012 David Grosso beat out incumbent Michael A. Brown by a relatively narrow margin. But Grosso has not attracted any substantial challengers this time around.

Myself, I like Grosso; he has consistently put forth a progressive agenda on the council. [His Wikipedia entry](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Grosso), of all sources, has a pretty good listing of the legislation he's sponsored.

Some of the most important races in the general elections are for ANCs. These are non-partisan so they're only in the general election. You only vote for the ANC commissioner in the single-member district in which you live; there are 296 of them. Greater Greater Washington has [made endorsements in some of these](http://greatergreaterwashington.org/doc/anc2016).
As others have said, this party's mostly over. White will win, as will Grosso, although you can vote for the Libertarian or GOP pick if you want.
uber would probably be 15-20 each way
you're better off taking the x2 or another bus to and from rock & roll hotel. the streetcar doesn't come as often and it gets passed by the buses. you should be fine if you're out catching the bus by 11. parking sucks, don't drive.

[link](https://goo.gl/maps/hwgvjmDkXyE2)
Uber, taxi... uber pool will be cheap like 8 bucks.
No crazy militia folks in the woods.... I think
I don't have to fly 5+ hours to get to Washington, DC.
No, no! This madness must stop! Brother against brother, my home state vs. my adopted home!

Both Washingtons are great and could be greater. We give them help on their terrible green bedsheet flag, and they send us some marmots which are vastly superior to our Dupont rats.
Washington State is the university, Washington state is the state.

After seeing all my friends from back home snarkily posting the Times article on Facebook, I now look forward to the enlightened discussion from this one. 

But marmots are the shit. My hometown [gets this.](http://i.imgur.com/YAz3MBB.jpg)

While we are at it for who is "first," why does DC have a Takoma and a Mount Rainier?

Note the gratuitous potshot at u/marylanddriver 
We seem less methy here
I like sunshine. 
I'd way rather spend the day in Capitol Hill, Seattle than Capitol Hill, DC.
Washington, DC is not at all superior to Washington State. 
My wife, for some reason, has let the seed of moving to Seattle be planted in her brain. I have no idea how or why, but how do I do my best to disabuse her of this notion? I turn to this sub for help.
less white supremacists
I see Austermuhle is writing a DC boosterism piece for a change.
honestly, what a stupid article.
I know someone going through this problem now. He would rather downsize to a condo in a walkable area but all of his children have moved out, wife divorced him, so he lives alone in a mansion that is tough to sell. A lot of these houses are beginning to age as well, and because they are so large the cost to renovate/polish them is huge. 
This is good for those looking to buy single family homes in Potomac. As for downtown walkable Bethesda the only ones suffering are those developers who thought they could sell their new multi-million dollar condos quickly. I see this as a pattern that will happen all over the DC area. 
IT BEGINS
Add this to the bonfire at http://www.mcmansionhell.com/
How interesting. I was just driving through Potomac, MD last night and was surprised to see "for rent" signs on a number of multi-million dollar homes. 
If you look really really close you can see that I am in fact playing the world's smallest violin. 


The count down to another housing bubble pop starts now!
Bethesda developers will have to decide if they want to subdivide their million dollar condos into smaller units and rent them out.

Good news for everyone that's not a developer. 
Damn. Makes me feel good about my 1950s home around Forrest Glen always keeping its value.
A true first world 1% problem
Taqueria el Poblano in Del Ray has great margaritas. 
El Centro has delicious (and stiff) margaritas that are $5 during happy hour (all week, 5-7pm) and all night on wednesdays. I think the deal might only apply at the bar but there is one on all three floors. The downstairs bar is usually pretty quiet. Plus free chips and salsa
Have always been a fan of the ones at Guapo's in Shirlington. They definitely don't skimp on the tequila. 
Fiesta margaritas at Haydee's in Columbia Heights. 50% more alcohol, need I say more?
Please don't say Lauriol Plaza...

Cantina Marina has a spicy mango? margaritas- not "best" but memorable and perfect for the outdoors, on the water location.

Here's a [random map of margaritas](http://dc.eater.com/maps/where-to-sip-margaritas-in-d-c/agua-301) for other ideas.
Cactus Cantina bb
Uncle Julio's in Bethesda (I am sure their other MD/VA locations too) make really strong frozen margaritas. They also have one called the swirl which is frozen sangria and the normal frozen margarita mixed. The prices are slightly high at about $9 each and a little less during hh. 
the codo @ el chucho is one of my favorites
If you really want the cheapest, there is some awful place on Connecticut Ave in Dupont (I forget the name, but it's got an orange awning) that frequently has $1/$2 margarita specials, but trust me, it's not worth it. I'm pretty sure it's just lime Tampico with bottom shelf tequila. 

And don't even think about getting the food there.
Except he didn't have to pay someone to shovel the driveway because it's heated.
Doesn't the park service plow the driveway as an illegal favor?
This is why I love this sub! I literally ran-into this property (or, more precisely, the property's razor-wire fence) while lost in Rock Creek Park one night a few weeks back. I got curious and looked it up on Google Maps, but couldn't find any information about it or who the owner was. With that level of security, I just assumed it was an ambassador's house or something. 

Thank you, u/AOC2016,  for solving a mystery I hadn't even thought to ask you about.
It would be cool for the public to come there. I have definitely been nearby this house but never actually saw it.

I happen to like stuff that's off the beaten path so this is right up my alley.
A guy I somewhat knew from college recently started a firm [Link to their facebook](https://www.facebook.com/districtpolitical/?pnref=lhc)
Some people's time is worth less than free coffee and a $10 gift card. 
I had no plan to go, but they said the magic words that have drawn me to make many a bad decision: "free coffee".

But they were out when I got there at 9:30. I did snag a free bagel and I regret eating it.
Can someone explain why people are waiting in line for this? This store will be open everyday and you can already buy everything they sell through their website or another REI store. Who waits all night for this? 
thanks for the warning.
Rock the vote guys!!! Can I get a woo?
She's actually done a lot for homeless LGBTQ youth.
Miley Cyrus says she will emigrate if Donald Trump becomes President

http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/celebritynews/12182589/Miley-Cyrus-says-she-will-emigrate-if-Donald-Trump-becomes-President.html
She better not come in like a wrecking ball, doors ain't cheap 
Is Miley Cyrus really the best person to get to talk to our young Americans about politics?
QUICK! ACT BUSY.
She's doing more than most of your fat asses. Get up and get active or stfu
Sorry for Virginia
Yeah, Miley, you're not helping.
Miley Cyrus is the epitome of bad life decisions. Anything she asks me to do, I'm inclined to do the opposite.
If anyone ever needed a reason to vote Trump it's the fact that she said she would leave America if he wins.
This speaks volumes on the Clinton campaign's opinion of your average American voter.
Man, I wouldn't be surprised if Metro puts in plans to cut weekend service completely in order to get the repairs done.

Folks are stuck in a catch 22 here. Either catch the train and get stuck or drive and get stuck.
I don't think people are grasping what's happening. This isn't a greedy corporation just stealing money and not delivering. A it's not really a government operated service either.

It's a service that's business model is collapsing on them as the system can't keep up with it's considerably aged infrastructure. Just like anyone buying a car. You think about payments, gas, basic upkeep, but no one projects heavy repairs in year 7. Same with Metro. A tri-state conglomerate got together and said "Yeah, it will pay for itself." And they all ignored Bill, the realist that said "What happens when the trains are 30 years old?"and they all told him to shut the fuck up.

Safety became an apparent issue in 2009. Since then it's been poorly trying to balance updates and repairs with service. And failing. New leadership has doubled down on getting those unrealistic timelines for repairs/updates to real levels, meaning even more cuts to service and mostly considerable costs while taking less revenue. And that expense combined with lower ridership due to cut service has now put them in a situation where they are looking at massive negatives.

If it was an independent corporation we would be expecting the Bankruptcy in the next 2 years. Right now they have a hard spot. They can't afford to operate as wish and still complete needed updates/repairs. They can't really afford raising fares, because they already know it will cut into ridership and just lower revenue. The biggest issue is they have 3 local state/districts not at all interested in putting in more to cover the gap of costs (mainly cause they pissed about the others). And on top of that, those locales and Feds are threating to pull money.

Riders and governments want to know when and why it isn't better yet, while the writing is on the wall. Short of a government take over (and who's going to do that?) it's a bankrupt system in less than 3 years. 
harry's pub is just across the street and usually has $9 pitchers of dogfish head 60 minute IPA. if you don't care about decor/ambiance, it's definitely the spot.
Qdoba
penn commons.  huge beer selection all 5 bucks
Used to work near there...

MXDC, La Tasca, Zengo, Elephant and Castle, Rosa Mexicano all have solid happy hours.
Central 
[deleted]
People don't stay in hotels in their own city. Look at Tripadvisor or someplace where actual customers have feedback.

That said, Capitol Skyline looks pretty crappy from the outside. I wouldn't suggest anyone I care about stay there considering there are probably dozens of better options. 
I think the best way to do this would be to put in the hotels on Google Maps, then get directions from them to the monuments, and see if they are close or not. Pretty easy to do on your own.
Capitol Skyline Hotel is not in what most people would consider a "good area" but it is close to the museums and monuments.
You can't go wrong with the Washington Hilton.  Very nice area.  It's far far away from the Mall though.

Look at the Capital Hilton if you like that chain.  That's walking distance albeit longish to the Mall.  

Otherwise, any hotel along Pennsylvania Ave between the White House and the Capitol are best situated for the museums and monuments.  They range from the super duper Willard to the penny-pinching Hotel Harrington.  
Skyline looks like a dump
There was a [long feature in the Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2009/06/14/AR2009061402665.html) about the Capitol Skyline Hotel a few years back. (Note that the pool won't be open in March.)

The area it's in has been transforming dramatically since the Nationals stadium got built in 2008. Lots of new construction which is all upscale. It's not really close to the museums or monuments (except the Titanic memorial) but it is close to the Navy Yard Metro station which gets you to them. 
look for an airbnb
The referendum calls the proposed state New Columbia. It was recently changed to State of Washington, Douglass Commonwealth.  Does that matter? The whole process seems hazy.
If DC becomes a state I would like it to get back the land it lost to VA in the DC retrocession. MAKE DC SQUARE AGAIN
How will this impact whether Metro is on fire?
How is this not a complete waste of time? I support statehood but this vote will be ignored by Congress. Even when Dems had the House/Senate and White House, they didn't care about statehood. Why will this Republican House and either slightly D or slightly R senate care? What does the Mayor/Council expect to happen versus what will happen?
Will the DC state sandwich be a hot dog?
If Congress agrees with the petition, would that be enough to make DC a state or would a constitutional amendment also be needed?

( I'm thinking of 23A which grants DC three electoral votes for example; what happens to those?)
How will the new state's government be structured?

Will there be state law AND city law or will they be one in the same?

Will there be a governor and a mayor or just the mayor?

What will the new United States flag look like with 51 stars?

How will this affect US elections like future presidential elections?

Will D.C. Then get members of the House of Reps and Senate? If so how many members in the House of Reps?

How will this affect the current status of marijuana in DC?
How is this different from the last time we voted for statehood?
Buddy, they won't even let me f*ck the state
I'm still not clear about what the real pros and cons are. What are the socioeconomic benefits? Will property taxes go up? Will public programs get additional funding? What parts of the current District will become part of the state and what parts will stay under the purview of the Fed and NPS? Will this help get the roads fixed? If congress did miraculously approve it, then what - how long will it take to go into effect? Will we all have to get new car registrations, license plates and ID's? So many unanswered questions.
What happens if we vote yes? Do we become a state, or does congress ignore us?
How big will the state house and state Senate be? 
Are there any other options toward gaining votes in Congress aside from statehood that leave the District intact (i.e. not becoming part of VA/MD)?
Do you know about potential effects on the DC Tuition Assistance Grant?
I'd like a list of the pros and cons of statehood going into the referendum.  I don't care very much about what the name of the state is going to be, though it sounds like the main concern here.  Aside from having an elected representative in Congress, what are the practical benefits of statehood?  In what ways would DC be different?  Would we simply be getting another layer of bureaucracy?  Do we really need a governor?  Is this more so we can control how our taxes are spent?  Sorry I'm late to the party on the goals here.
Under the proposed Constitution, how much power would ANCs have?  Would they be better, or worse defined than they are now?
What would happen to all of the programs that are majority funded by the federal government? Would the Smithsonian museums be able to continue to be free to the public? Would taxes be raised inside the city in order to reconcile the budget with the pullout of federal funding? 
Do you have any feedback or general feelings towards retrocession of the large majority of land in DC back to Maryland?  Retrocession seems like a feasible compromise between full statehood for DC and the continuing lack of representation in Congress. 
I know that you're trying to steal our state name.
How is Bowser planning on making money off this? Is there some way real estate developers are looped in here? Seems like her MO
I'm sorry, I lived there for a long time.  Owned my first home there.  You can petition all you want; it won't happen.  The GOP knows it would be a completely Dem state, and there's absolutely no way that DC gains statehood.

I'm sorry.  I wish it were different.  I wished so even more when I lived there.  But It's. Not. Happening.
Dear Maustermuhle, thank you for doing this needed Reddit. I for one have been looking for technical discussion. In your expert DC journalist and socially connected in DC opinion on my many linked questions... (Read all of it first, to save valuable time writing answers. Three main subjects Refendum, US Congress timing, & renaming) 

DC Referendum:

Do you think DC's local #DCstatehood referendum will pass (get 50% of turnout?) on November 8 2016?
Actually do you think it win over, or under, 80% of DC voters who turnout?
Will there be more DC referendums before #DCstatehood?


US Congress DC Statehood Legislative Timeline:

I assume Hillary will win US President (barring something extreme going wrong such as political assassination of her by a Trump supporter).
Do you think Dems (generally considered pro democracy based on Hillary's pro voting rights & pro #DCstatehood platform) will win majority in US House in 2016?
Do you think Dems will win (50+%) majority in US Senate in 2016?

Do you think any (likely GOP) US Senator will filibuster #DCstatehood in 2017? If yes, any idea who?

Do you think #DCstatehood can attract enough pro democracy votes from GOP US Senators such as US Sen Susan Collins (R-ME) (only remaining GOP US Senator who voted with DC in 2009 S.160) to defeat a filibuster in the US Senate in 2017?

If you think Dems don't win the US House in 2016, do you think Hillary will win in 2020 with very long coat tails? 

In other words, without Dems winning US House in 2016, do you think DC will have to wait until 2022 elections, after US House redistricting by state pols elected in 2020 on cycle USPresident election creates said long coattail for Dems in state elections which control 2022 US House redistricting (=Dems undoing GOP malicious "stacking & packing" gerrymandering redistricting in 2012 after disastrous 2010 midterm elections when no Dems voted so GOP won at state level & so rigged many states 2012 redistricting)?

If the pro democracy/pro #DCstatehood US senators (all Dems & some GOP) don't win 60% filibuster proof control of US Senate in 2016, do you think DC gets #DCstatehood from 2028 on cycle US President elections coat tails when big Dem voter turnout can win any remaining swing state US Senate election from this (2016) class with the largest number of vulnerable GOP US Senators which might survive this year? (e.g. NH,OH,IA,MO,GA,FL,AZ,NV, currently GOP or tough open US Senate races)

If DC fails to get #DCstatehood in 2017 window due to GOP obstruction in US Congress, when do you think DC will get #DCstatehood?


DC Renaming:

Do you think current renaming District of Columbia as Douglass Commonwealth will survive the rochus process to get #DCstatehood (e.g. DC voters or US Congress) becoming DC's new name forever?

Do you think DC will have a full public renaming debate and voter referendum (not just DC Council law amending draft #DCstatehood constitution done two days ago) between Douglass Commonwealth (based on impressive Frederick Douglass) & District of Columbia valuable legacy name (based on the idea of trade/exchange, embodied as a woman like Liberty)?

Who are the District of Columbia name supporters?
Who are the Douglas Commonwealth name supporters?

Timing of rename to Douglas Commonwealth, did anyone point out keeping District of Columbia name would be simplest & fastest & least controversial ASAP #DCstatehood legal package for this rush for 2017 statehood window?

Or was now actually the best moment for DC leaders to genuinely raise the issue of renaming DC with the clear substitute of Douglass Commonwealth, so DC can get maximum free attention for the rename of DC, elevating the name debate & garner #DCstatehood attention?

Is the idea of Columbia (trade/exchange embodied by a woman like Liberty) too close to the name of disliked man explorer Christopher Columbus for any significant support of Columbia name despite its significant 215 year history as the name of DC?

How many DC leaders or DC voters are like me, preferring District of Columbia legacy state name (history, simplicity, zero cost, etc) but are good with DC citizens & DC leaders deciding to democratically rename DC as Douglass Commonwealth (after impressive Frederick Douglass)? (Keeping extremely valuable DC abbreviation is a key selling point of both Douglass & Columbia names.) Who would even know if this is a constituency larger than just me?

Have any other DC abbreviation based renames been considered? Simply copying my serendipity just now from above, Douglass Columbia, is second example possible DC rename, but Douglass Commonwealth is a much stronger rename option.
Headline is misleading to say the least. The teen was not arrested for bringing food on metro, she was arrested for not getting rid of it. You either have rules ans enforce them, or you change the rules, you can't have rules and not enforce them. 
To be fair when I tried to bring coffee on the train Metro Police threatened me with the same thing.

I'm not sure what alternative action people are proposing. Just say "well it's against the rules, but if you talk shit to us we'll let it slide"?
Yeah they always give you an option to  unembark or dispose of the food...you literally have to argue against and convince the cops to arrest you.
I'm not going to comment on how police handled the situation or anything like that, but I'm honestly glad this law is being enforced. People might say "how can police do all this over a lollipop?" yet would scoff if they walked onto a train where a chipotle bowl was sprawled all over a seat.
More please.  More more more more more more more more.  I've seen chicken wings, burgers, coffee, bananas...more more more more more more enforcement.  MORE.
I want to live in a world where I can do whatever I want, whenever and wherever I want, and no police officer is ever allowed to tell me what to do or touch me in any way. 

Because, my rights goddamnit. 
Disobeying a lawful order by a police officer is always a bad idea. 
If this girl listened to what she was told and wasn't a disrespectful asshole to the cops, none of this would have happened. If she wasn't an asshole trying to eat on the Metro, none of this would have happened. But yeah, it's the cops fault, poor girl.
They arrest the teen but never catch the folks throwing rat-attracting crap behind the walls at the hub stations.
[deleted]
I bet she is the type of person to just throw her candy on the ground when done with it instead of putting it in the trash.
I'm glad metro police is finally enforcing rules.  CM Nadeau response to the situation:

“I am extremely concerned that WMATA police officers took the measures they did in detaining this young woman. Please conduct an investigation into the conduct of these officers. Please also describe to me what training WMTA police undergo for de-escalation tactics.”

After watching the video, I feel the officer acted appropriately.  
"Pick your battles in life."
> In 2004, a 45-year-old employee of the Environmental Protection Agency was arrested at Metro Center for chewing on the last bite of a PayDay candy bar as she passed through the fare gates. She was released several hours later after paying a $10 fine.

Business as usual.
So here is my question. Why is it so hard for people to just follow the rules and not bring and eat food on the metro? Why? 
The comments section is filled with praise for law enforcement and the way they handled the situation, as it should be. 
Columbia Heights and goes to Bell? What a surprise. It's terrible when school gets out and they take on the 14th St Starbucks and others.
ITT from 1 hair splits 10 million. goddamn guys.
The no food thing is the one thing Metro got right, if only they would enforce it a little better!
I went somewhere on the metro over a lunch break a few years ago and brought lunch back with me to my office. None of my food was eaten before, or during my trip, but I was nervous the whole time thinking I was going to get arrested for transporting food.
Same officer settled out of court for excessive force in Ronkin v Vihn[sic]: http://wjla.com/news/local/catholic-student-karissa-ronkin-treatment-on-metro-sparks-outrage-75721

The Youtube Video for that is: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qe_IQDOvp2o
I'm surprised nobody here mentioned how fucking dangerous that cop using leg sweep next to a 20 foot drop was. Especially because she was non-compliant and still had one foot up she was one panicked flail from ending up with a 20ft head-first drop over the railing.

Whether or not the detainment was justified, that was an extremely improper use of force.
I see white people eating and drinking on the Metro all the time...
Got to increase revenue somehow. :)
Was there on Wednesday, it's pretty dope. Was disappointed to see no climbing wall tho.
first 500 people over 18 get a free waterbottle containing a gift certificate of up to $100
Is there a Beatles-themed display? There should be a Beatles-themed display.
awesome!  Super excited!! Hey does anyone know if there are any cool freebies or swag AFTER that "first entry" promo? , like after 5 pm?  
EDIT: I just googled it on their site (duh) : https://www.rei.com/h/dc-block-party 
They have door prizes for the first 500 people on all 3 days: Fri, Sat, Sun, but the festivities go on all day including DJs and mini workshops (no prizes in evenings) 
Dope, my company did the renovation for this!
Considering how great the building looks from the outside, the interiors are disappointing and drab. First thing I thought was it's going to have a big atrium like the Denver flagship store, but it looks like a larger version of the the strip mall REIs. Still happy to have it, though.
Huge waste of space that could be housing. 
> Dear D.C., you can’t call yourself ‘State of Washington.’ That’s our name. 

O yeah? well come fite me IRL

-D.C.
Calm yourself Seattle Times--We know it's terrible. We'll fix it.

Meanwhile, if you want to send us a spare state waterfall, that'd be a nice gesture. Are using Snoqualmie Falls right now?
Then we will be Maine. 
The honor of a nation is its life. - Hamilton
Go fondle Bezos' balls you Subaru driving, rain jacket donning Starbucks sippers. We had it first
This article is terribly written. He sounds pretentious and obnoxious. If this is a sample as to what the rest of the people who live in Washington State are like, then keep your name. I don't want to be associated with you. 
haters gonna hate
Washington State should change its name to Cascadia - much cooler, more relevant name for them.
How about west washington and east washington?
Yeah, and the state of Massachusetts is officially a commonwealth. Whatever the official name of the state would be, I'd bet that 90 percent of the time, 90 percent of people would call it "DC", don't worry.
Uh, we were here first. You're the dummies who decided to go with Washington after we did. Also, please stop calling one of your neighborhoods Capitol Hill since you aren't even the state capital. 
Why not Columbia?
What if: When D.C. gets statehood, the original Virginia portions of D.C. were annexed and became part of the District again? Wildly unpopular...would never happen...but interesting to think about.
>Allow us to reintroduce ourselves. Washington state.

I like how they start the article by *not* referring to themselves as "State of Washington", but as "Washington State". Nobody calls Washington state the "State of Washington", not even the people who are complaining about D.C. "taking their name".
Corruptopia
[deleted]
I think that DC's gun laws are far too restrictive, and VA's gun laws are too lenient. People should be allowed to legally own and carry concealed firearms, assuming that they pass a few conditions beforehand: classroom/practical training course, criminal background check, psychological evaluation, and practical shooting tests every few years.

I'm basically advocating for the same type of training required for a driver's license (with the additional stipulation that shooting tests would be mandated periodically, not just once). If you can meet these qualifications, I don't see why you should be prevented from carrying a concealed firearm.


I think the laws are pretty absurd here. The fact of the matter is that if strict gun laws make you safer, then NOVA should be the Wild West considering how easy it is to buy a gun in Virginia. But alas, it's not. 

Do we need common sense laws? For sure. Should long guns have to be registered? I don't think so. Should handguns? Sure. You should be required to pass a background check and register all guns you possess. 

But to ban handguns (as was the case previously here) and ban concealed carry under the guise of keeping people safe is pure stupidity. 

Before I moved to DC I had probably 18 guns or so. My father was a collector, and when he died I was the only person to claim them (my sister has small kids in her house and doesn't want any guns around). They sat in a sealed, locked case for 5 years, with the idea that when/if I have a family of my own someday, I'll take my kids shooting like my dad did with me. Teach them that guns aren't toys, to respect them, and how to properly handle them. But alas, the rules here are so restrictive and prohibitive I figured why bother. Ended up selling them all before moving. It was sad as many of them were old, collector style guns or rare guns that my father spent a lot of time collecting and maintaining. 

Anyway, the point of that story is that the laws worked to get me to get rid of the guns, but they aren't going to do shit to prevent some gang banger from shooting someone or robbing someone with an illegal gun. 
[deleted]
Guns are only for criminals in DC. 
On CCW:

The only people willing to take a firearms test or show proof of military/law enforcement service, submit their fingerprints, fill out multiple forms, pay a fee, and essentially register themselves as a CCW holder are law abiding citizens. 

That's really all I have to say about that. 
Before I give you my answer, let me provide you a quick bit of background about myself:

My father is from West Virginia, and I grew up hunting.

From the ages of 6 to 12 I was a competitive target shooter.

I was a member of the JNRA, and when I came of age, joined the NRA (I've since left.)

I owned firearms most of my life, and have in the past been a collector of "Wild West" and Civil War classics.

I, until the last couple months, went target shooting at least once a month, with long guns and handguns.

And I am generally 100% opposed to people carrying firearms in their day to day lives, or leaving firearms unlocked and loaded in the home. I have never once, over a childhood right outside Cincinnati, teenage years in the Detroit metro, 6 years in Chicago as an adult (in an active gang neighborhood), and in my limited time here in the DC Metro, felt I needed a gun. Ever.

Firearms in the hands of casually meandering citizens needlessly escalates situations. I will happily hand over my wallet and phone to a mugger if the situation arises, because I don't carry cash and my phone is encrypted and wipeable, and because I know that there's nothing more valuable than preventing needless violence.

I don't trust myself, even with ALL my experience, to ensure that I don't accidentally hit an innocent person, and I ABSOLUTELY don't trust the hypothetical criminal in this situation.

So no, I don't mind gun control laws, regardless of how complex or restrictive they are. Because I honestly don't think I'm any safer owning a firearm than someone who doesn't.

Edit/Disclosure: I'm politically unaligned as Independent with self ID as "Progressive Federalist," but currently am more in line with Dem policy overall.
I have no strong feelings in any particular direction regarding gun laws. Have never owned a firearm myself nor thought about it to any significant extent, if that provides any useful additional context.
One of the main reasons I chose to settle in NOVA when coming down here was because of the gun laws in DC and Maryland. I think that CCW should be allowed with training. I think that people should be able to own guns, since its a constitutionally protected right. DC has tried restrictive laws on self defense, it has not really worked, hopefully the new Chief of Police will view self defense differently. 
We are young, liberal, Democrat, and risk-averse. 
No guns.
No voting.
Welcome to the Nation's Capital.
Honor our country's freedom.
Generally speaking, I agree with whatever redditor stated elsewhere that legislators tend to focus on scare rhetoric and the wrong features. Most crimes are committed with handguns; I think it's reasonable to focus efforts there first. I think that common sense restrictions such as waiting periods and background checks are a no brainer; I also happen to think that people should document that they have completed training to handle a gun safely the same way that we license drivers. I would love to see guns regulated on a federal level so that there's consistency from state to state about requirements, checks, etc.

As for your questions specifically...

> Do any if you feel as though you cannot properly protect your home?

Naw, that's what ADT is for. Research has shown that when there's a home invasion and the homeowner has a gun, more often than not, it's used against him/her. Even people who are experienced gun owners are not trained to react in a stressful, unusual experience like that.

> Do you believe the laws are warranted? Do you believe you should be able to own a handgun and concealed carry?

I definitely don't think conceal carry is a good idea. I think the current gun laws are pretty toothless.
Gr8 b8 m8
Pretty sure this is mostly for military officers/DoD - which is probably why you can't find the information online. Only 40 students out of 600 are U.S. Civilians (DoD/IC).

There are other programs in town like Georgetown MSFS/Security Studies, SAIS Strategic Studies (disclosure - I'm an alum and would be happy to answer questions), AU, GWU, and George Mason.
Has anyone ever done this as a federal employee? I had no idea I was eligible.
Are you looking at the Naval War College or the National War College???  National is the one in DC, Naval War College is in Rhode Island.

http://nwc.ndu.edu/
These are the terrible trade deals Trump has been talking about. China is stealing our jobs, our land, and our pandas! Make America Giant-panda Again
🐼😫
While I know this is for the best for the species it still makes me incredibly sad. Get your bone on, Bao Bao. 
I hear he can't afford to buy a condo for his mistress anymore.
When is the moving? I wanna see him if possible :(
Anyone organizing a protest?
I went last week with a 10:45 timed pass, and the line for same day passes at that point in the day was still moving, so I assume they were still giving them out, but it was like [this](http://i.imgur.com/yKrMjlS.jpg?1) (and it wasn't single file, it was clumps of people). And staff members were asking everyone going in with timed passes if they had any extras on them, and distributing them to the people at the front of the same-day line. 

Also, to get to the history exhibits on the lower levels, you have to wait in line again (the reason for this is that you start at the bottom, and have to be taken down in an elevator that holds a specific number of people, and they stagger the elevator times so the downstairs portion doesn't get too crowded; even with that it was still packed down there). It's about 15-20 min if you're there early, but it can be 1-2 hours later in the day. You also will probably have to wait in line to see Emmett Till's casket.

If you want same day passes, I'd get there easily an hour before they open, and be prepared to stand in line for a long time. 
I think we should start a sidebar tally for this question. 

(But yes, while there may be a slow day here or there, generally you have to get in line before they open.)
This is only hearsay from friends but I've been told you still gotta be there at open
How is the museum?  Is it worth visiting, or recommending to tourist friends who really don't care much about it (i.e. it will teach them a shitton)?
My fiancé and I got in line today (Sunday) at 8:15am for tickets. We were behind the access road/drive way and most of the line was still behind us. At 9:15 the line started moving. By the time we got near the front of the line the tickets were all given out! Only 6 or so people were ahead of us. 

We were told each person can get 2 tickets. The tickets are time-specific and spaced throughout the day.

We were standing there in awe that so many people were not getting same-day tickets. Then a man came up to us saying he couldn't get enough for his family and gave us his 2. We got lucky. Otherwise it's suggested you approach your groups and ask for extras.

If you are hoping to get same-day tickets you probably should get in line before 8am, at least on the weekend. Online ticket reservations seem to be fully booked through March 2017 someone said.

Our tickets were for 3:15pm. When we got there we asked to enter early, at 3pm. It was fine. We then had to line up for the elevator to go down to the lowest level to start the history tour. It took us 30 mins but we were told it can take 2 hours...

Hope this helps. Thank you to others who posted earlier. It helped us with our trip to D.C. this weekend! 

Good luck.
You can find someone on Craigslist to stand in line and purchase the tickets for you. 
Show up 30 minutes early? I don't know.
Virginia Ali is SHARP. Didn't expect that. 
I know Ben's is an institution and it has the nostalgia factor but damn did it make me sick the last time I was there.   I had the half smoke with chili, of course.  The half smoke was dry like one of those 7-11 rotisserie hotdogs left on for a week (shriveled and jerky-like) and the chili tasted burnt and was watery with some brown lumps (basically what came out of me for the next few hours).  Was I there on an off day? Should I give it another shot?

And I don't know if it was just me but the servers/waitstaff couldn't have been ruder to me and my wife.
I've never seen it that empty. 
It's my favorite DC restaurant that honors a serial rapist. 
I'm hoping we get a lot of snow
Maybe, for once, it might actually get cold enough to kill ALL THE GODDAMNED MOSQUITOES??
So 65 on Christmas Day right?
Interesting story. Also, dude didn't get a rent increase for ~15 years. His rent was probably awesome. 

There does seem to be some develop(er/ment) always bad undertone which is incredibly stupid.
Once again that creeping anxiety comes back. What happens to the arts community of DC when all of the development et al makes it so hard for local artists to create let alone live? 

So many of my peers and contemporaries from the local music and arts scenes have left town for this reason and I'm not seeing anything that quite fills the void. Maybe it's all online now, maybe it'll be reborn in another form. Still, as happy as I am to see people excited to live here, it kinda feels like a simulacrum of an arts scene built on the bones of past ghosts. 

Or maybe I'm just getting older. 
Bill is a fucking awesome guy.
The local arts scene has been progressively getting squeezed out of the city. My experience with the DC government is mostly lip service and a lot of empty promises. The current administration doesn't even pretend to give a shit about the arts. Local artists scramble for the crumbs.
rent was cheap because it was undesirable.  
I knew it when the Betapunks operated there.

great art space but good place to get your ass kicked.

I knew a guy used to give away free day old bread there, one night the dealers jumped him... He spent two weeks in the hospital.
[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0894 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/17404)
Martin's Tavern preserved the booth where JFK proposed to Jackie.  I understand that if you call ahead and let them know what's about to happen, they flip out to accomodate you.  

The Mall's generally fine btw.  The section west of 7th Street to the Capitol is still being fixed I think.  But the Monument is free of scaffolding now.  
My friend's now-fiance looked at [this guide for engagement ideas](https://www.restonlimo.com/dc-engagements/) in different parts of DC. He ended up proposing at Meridian Hill park at sunset. It was gorgeous and I'm tearing up a little remembering. Ha!
The WWI monument is a really lovely (and popular) location for this.  Also you could try the "spanish steps" in dupont off R street.


[deleted]
My husband took me to the Jefferson Memorial at sunset, and walked me by one of the pillars away from everyone. It was really lovely, because we had a sweet walk around the mall beforehand.
The FDR Memorial is my favorite place along the national mall.  It is pretty, peaceful, and not entirely busy (until a tour bus shows up, that is).  You can also see quite a few DC landmarks along the tidal basin.  

The mall lawn that was being fixed along 7th st looks like it is wrapping up so it might be finished by the time you get here?  Maybe?  It isn't a big eyesore anymore, anyway.
Just to add another idea - POV is a pretty fancy bar with possibly the best rooftop view of the white house and washington monument.  Best at night. e.g. http://dc.thedrinknation.com/images/bars/povdc.jpg
Great Falls, either side. Jefferson Memorial 
I know you didn't ask for this, but if you wanted someone to take photos of your proposal, I'd love to throw my name into the hat. We could discuss over PM and I can send over my website if you're interested.
These are all great suggestions and I'm trying to look them up as they come in.  For dinner that night, a lot of the places that I'm familiar with are either closed or do not fit the occasion.  Anyone have a good dinner spot that will help set the mood?
I would suggest Marcel's, but it's been a while since I have been there.
No, DiGiorno.
Used Caviar the other day. Was early, not bad.
I won't use anything but eat24 anymore. They are awesome and super responsive and always have coupons.

Tried uber eats a few times. Never again. Last two orders were 100% comped because of driver incompetence.

Never had a single issue with eat24
I've had good experience with Doordash. 
Generally speaking, I've had pretty good experiences with Postmates.
[Hirshhorn's Fall Fest](http://hirshhorn.si.edu/bio/hirshhorn-fall-fest/) is on Saturday.

11 am – 6 pm 
Free, appropriate for all ages. 21+ in Bier Baron Tavern Biergarten. Dogs welcome outdoors. 

Gather with friends and family for a museum-wide festival celebrating the return of fall, DC’s rocking music scene, and Hirshhorn’s immersive new exhibition, Ragnar Kjartansson.  

Enjoy:

Live outdoor music, highlighting local bands whose musicians are featured in Kjartansson’s live performance piece Woman in E

Hirshhorn’s very own Biergarten, featuring complimentary beer tastings from Bier Baron Tavern (21+, while supplies last)

Unconventional music-making tours of Ragnar Kjartansson

A special screening of Kjartansson’s A Lot of Sorrow, which documents an epic 6-hour live performance by the band The National.

Lineup: 

Cinema Hearts
11:00 AM – 11:30 AM
Lighthouse Row
11:50 AM – 12:20 PM
More AM than FM
12:40 PM – 1:10 PM
Lonely Ocean
1:30 PM – 2:00 PM
Magnus Lush
2:20 PM – 2:50 PM
Tattiana Aqeel and Yusef Kelliebrew
3:10 PM – 3:40 PM
Illusion Travels
4:00 PM – 4:20 PM
Small Axe
4:40 PM – 5:10 PM
The Plums
5:30 PM – 6:00 PM

**[Taste of Tudor Place: An Edible History Experience](https://www.tudorplace.org/programs/44/taste-of-tudor-place/)**

Celebrate 200 years of heritage as you enjoy historic food and drink!  To celebrate its Bicentennial, Tudor Place invites you to sample a variety of heritage foods and distinctive beers, wines, and liquors, representing notable eras in the estate’s and our nation’s past.  One ticket covers everything! Site admission, complimentary tasting glass, and tastings of 10+ local and historic drinks, savories, and treats all included with admission.

Vendors include Rocklands BBQ, Dangerously Delicious Pies, Mason Dixie Biscuits, Chaia (Farm to Taco), One Eight Distilling, Lyon Distilling, Copperfox Distilling, Mad Fox Brewery, Bold Rock Cider, and more!

*NEW* Groups of four or more get a $10 discount per ticket. Call 202-580-7321 to register your group today!
The most shocking aspect of this entire thread is that an MPD officer issued a traffic citation. 
Good thing there wasn't a lake there.
...are you new to driving?
Please excuse the blisteringly hot take but maybe you should have been more aware of your surroundings, rather than passively being spoonfed directions from an app.
FWIW, i've had a similar experience with Waze not knowing the time restrictions. I didn't make the illegal turn, but when i was able to pull over, i submitted it as a "map issue." Then I had an odd exchange with an actual human, a designated Waze map editor. He thanked me for my correction, then asked if I too wanted to be a Waze map editor. Um, hell no. ... That was about a  year ago, before Waze redesigned itself, so i don't know if it's still that easy to correct map problems. Sorry you got a ticket. 
i will pray for you
It's $25. FFS, just pay it and move on.
wait.. an MPD officer was waiting for an illegal left turn? I thought MPD basically didn't do traffic enforcement anymore.
Go watch a movie or take a walk instead. Your life will be better than wasted time on this shit. 
> Would the details about Waze help or hurt my case here?

Yes. Definitely tell the judge that you were too busy staring at your phone to focus on the road and I'm sure you'll get a break. 
FYI, your mapping application won't ever be 100% accurate due to the delay between the actual road change, its recording in DC GIS/agencies' databases, and the sync between the various agencies and Mapbox, Google, and whoever else.
Just suck it up, pay the fine and move on with your life. They probably need the money for budgetary reasons. He took the time to write it, and I don't think they'll drop it even if you appeal 
Already posted an hour ago. 
You get a ride and choose a designated driver. 
I've never heard of a bus out there. Most people who don't have cars but want to go use Zipcar or get a ride with a car-owning friend.
As far as I can tell, there's no direct way to do it, but you could take the YTS 921 bus from the New Carrollton Metro station to Annapolis, then Uber from there.

http://www.ytsonline.net
Perhaps drive and park at the "Park & Ride" parking lot just off 50 and Davidsonville road. Take an Uber the rest of the way, but do so as early as possible, before they even open. This is the last weekend and it's going to be packed.
I don't know about you guys, but Miley is my go to source for how to shape my political opinion 
Oh shit, this is really going to move the needle.
What a role model!
The honor of a nation is its life. - Hamilton
FINALLY
Would seem more productive if she campaigned for trump.
Tinder.
Find a meetup of something you like and go there.
Honestly dude, bars are the hardest places to meet women. Dating is reasonably hard here. For both men and women, you have to comb through the clichés and douchebags to find the person that actually offers something special. On flip side, though, you have to make sure you offer something special as well (or if you do offer something special, show it). Make sure you're working on self improvement, whether it be physically, mentally, emotionally, etc.
Also, make sure you engage with your interests, (like cooking, improv, dance, etc.), and take classes or join groups that do that activity, you're more likely to find someone that you'll have a better connection with. Improv classes and social sports are probably the two best places I've met single people in D.C. They aren't a forced situation and both can be a lot of fun.
Away from reddit and any device that can reach reddit
When I was single, I had the best luck meeting women at dance parties at the Black Cat or DC9. They both have dance parties this weekend (90s hip-hop and disco, respectively). 
Saint Ex. You'll also meet regret there but, ya know, that's how it goes. 
churchkey & barrel both might be places where you'll have some luck. 
Wonderland late night on a weekend.

You'll probably have to dance (ugh) but if you can't find a girl to go home with at 3am at Wonderland, you might as well just join a monastery. 
Any of you yoots still use okcupid or is it just us geriatric 30-40 year olds? 
reddit meetups /s
My go-to meeting people advice: join a team/club/group for something you enjoy. You will meet people who also enjoy that thing you enjoy and some of them may even become friends. Some of them will probably women. Or know women. Or invite you to things women will be at. You get the idea
Volunteer at an animal shelter.  Way more girls than guys, and there's not much else to do but talk while you're swabbing out kennels or kitty condos.  
Kramerbooks
Dans.
Use the search bar. You aren't the first lonely soul to wander through.
Tinder
Keep going out at night, to stay confident in how to interact with the new people you'll experience in the bars/clubs. This part isn't easy, but generally helps out when you are talking to just about anyone.
But at the same time, seek out and join local clubs/groups that do things that are somewhat interesting to you. People tend to be a bit more kinder there, then at the bars/clubs.
And then, take a look at your place of work to see if there are available women who you might get to meet (over time). If there are not, then locate and then seriously consider a workplace where it is possible to work with single women.
Grindr 
I have never felt more hype about a show ever, even if it is at that creepy cult on a hill.
Not as fun for visitors but for DC residents there's a REI block party from Friday to Sunday and a memorial walk on Saturday.
I assume you saw the weekend guide pinned to the top, but just in case https://m.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/58h6aj/dc_weekend_guide_october_21_2016_october_23_2016/?utm_source=mweb_redirect&compact=true
check the weekend guide like /u/mrs-machino mentioned. it's pretty good.

also, I made a web/ios app for concerts and events in the district, [theDistrict.in](http://thedistrict.in). I'm actually in the middle of developing a v3.0 that will expand beyond what's currently up, but hopefully that helps you out for now.
I'm hosting a tour on Saturday starting at dark - going to five goth bars and spending an hour at each.  So far it'll be 5 of us.
I'm completely indifferent towards the rock and roll hall of fame but this is awesome news. Bad Brains rule. 
If this makes more people listen to Bad Brains this is great. 
Minor Threat next? Scream? Government Issue? Youth Brigade? Dag Nasty?
[Arlington Fretworks](http://www.arlingtonfretworks.com/) -- this guy is really great. He set up my guitar and has done a lot of good work for musicians I know. 
There's plenty of private development around L'enfant plaza that would get screwed with this. I think if we're trying to create a federal enclave then we have to move that border up to Independence Avenue or C Street SW. 


Only if the retrocession we're talking about is VA retroceding to DC
The Eastern border probably needs to accommodate the Supreme Court and the Library of Congress buildings. 
I'm surprised you didn't just draw a big middle finger over the city, but that does look like a thumbs down, which is appropo.
What's there to talk about?

DC residents don't want to join MD.

MD doesn't want us.

Retrocession is something neither party involved wants.
Fuck retrocession, I left MD for a reason.
Just retrocede as a special MD district so keep non redundant city government but vote for statewide MD elections like Governor and US Senator.
No. Just no. Those of us who reside in DC do not want to become part of Maryland. We do not want any decisions to end up in Annapolis. We do not want to trade one loss of control for another.  We want statehood, and ONLY statehood. How clear can we be about that. No retrocession to Maryland. Statehood. DC keeps it's independence in terms of governance, Retrocession would mean losing a great deal of independence even under current circumstances. We want more, not less. If you don't understand this, you really do not get the core issue, which is more about home rule and state sovereignty than anything else.
That's when we hold our annual Purge, you might want to hold off
[deleted]
You know that presidential elections are nationwide, right? The votes don't all come here to be counted, and if someone was mad about the election there's nothing they could do in D.C. that they couldn't do anywhere else in the country.

D.C. probably has the least influence on the presidential election since it only has 3 electoral votes anyway; if you're worried about election insurrection, I'd avoid places like North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Florida, Nevada, etc. I mean I *wouldn't* avoid those states for that reason, because I'm not a dumbass, but if I *were* those would be the logical places to be worried.


(I know this is a troll post, but I do find it alarming how little people seem to actually know about how this country works.)
After the election yes. The days leading up to Inauguration I wouldn't go near the place.
Why wouldn't it be?
I sit on a corridor with a bunch of republican lobbyists at work.   Other than the sobbing and the hangovers, i don't expect any problems at all.

(Bumpersticker on my door:  "Cthulhu 2016:  Why settle for the lesser evil?")

And so what if he doesn't accept the results? All he can do is file a pile of papers in court.  But first he has to figure out which one. ;-)
It will be 100% safe. Perhaps a few protesters but that is like every week here, so no big deal. Also, for your comfort the area called "the mall" which is where a lot of the Smithsonian museums are located is patrolled 24/7 by like six or more different police agencies...
Metro will keep you safe. 
DC is a solid Democratic town. There might be some riots in Alabama or southern Indiana, but that's about it.
this feels like a troll. I hope so. lol.
No. The skies will blacken with the shadows of democrats throwing themselves off buildings, the Potomac will overflow with mothers drowning their young, and the beasts will say "come and see! Behold a pale horse, and the name that sat on him was 'Trump', and Pence followed with him."


It will be safe.
It'll be fine.
You'll be totally fine. Don't worry about it. 
I'm planning to head out to West Virginia in the days advise Trump loses. It's going to be scary downtown and I wouldn't go near the museaums. 
Don't talk to me or my business' steps ever again
I wondered how they may have communicated this to the business owners. Pretty much blocks off access to 2 or 3 storefronts.
Got time to lean....
Big Planet! My buddy works at one of these.
What did they say when you asked them?
That sucks, love your store. Keep up the good work!
This photo is taken from the south side of the eastern plaza, there is still remnants of scaffolding on the north western side where they have their construction headquarters and scaffolding elevator. 
When they removed the scaffolding from the Washington Monument, I vaguely remember Pittsburgh claiming they'd take and reassemble the parts to create their own version of the Washington Monument at the trailhead of the GAP Trail (which, along with the C&O Canal Towpath, forms a completely off-street bikeway between Pittsburgh and DC).  What ever happened with that plan? Is anyone claiming the Capitol Scaffolding? Seems like it would make a pretty cool park for some other city if they wanted to buy it.  Maybe a state capital somewhere? 
Proof that progress is possible!  Too bad the inside doesn't work that way. 
Great job fixing up the mess on the outside.  
  
Can they get to work on the inside now?  
God, she's beautiful.
I took this a couple days ago. There's still a little scaffolding on the northwest side of the dome but it's all but removed at this point. Thanks for all the upvotes, y'all. I'm glad you guys dig the picture!
just in time for the trump inauguration!
yay for all the tourists 
[deleted]
Not clever enough to make a /r/designatedsurvivor joke this morning
It really looks very nice without the scaffolding. I remember going to Nats Park earlier this year and the scaffolidng was off and it just looked so nice. 
I kind of liked the dome and the washington monument scaffolded up...

The sad thing is we now started the clock for a 5.2 quake which will crack these.
The honor of a nation is its life. - Hamilton
I'm a little disappointed in this add-on as their making the grand concourse in the security area.  My dad has been flying through and I've been able to grab lunch with him a few times without leaving the terminal.  Dosnt sound like the new layout is going to allow that :/
I'm very opposed to making the entire airport a security zone. With the TSA bullshit still existing, the long lines we know and hate will be pushed towards the metrorail area.

The only way it will work is if all the TSA bullshit gets removed and we head back to what airport secuirty used to before 9/11, if they want a stricter security measures, have a secondary screening near the terminal area.

But no, sane procedures can't happen if we decide to expand the security zone to the entire airport because if we rolled back airport security, the people involved in secuirty threater will scream and howl.

We are not safer than we were after 9/11 when it comes to airport secuirty.
They are spending $1 billion on this?


Regan is doing fine, and doesn't need such an expensive rennovation.
So they plan on covering up all of the glass?!
Fuck Ronald Regan tho. Goddamn. 
Seems like it would make more sense to use the money to build express trains to BWI and IAD...of all the airports in the States, this is one that I would not prioritize for renovation. 
disclaimer, my coworkers at Washingtonian published this! (they might have the best job ever)
Oh goody.  I loved this last year.  I talked the bartenders into passing me marshmallows all night.
Hopefully this means the line will be shorter this year!
Excellent choice. But also [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZaVA3NS7zE) and [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGrmUzC1cV0) should be on the shortlist.
[I pity the fool who doesn't pick this song.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CvakjrWShGw)
While less funky and borderline spoken word, Gil will forever have my vote: https://youtu.be/5YDvz6ILtXs
Really needs to be either Bad Brains or Junkyard Band. I'd vote for Ruff it off sounds appropriate -- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tm-nJjQGcD8
[topical](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4qnOUFhGOs)
Fuck it, have another (NSFW): https://youtu.be/9b509lxbOzs
[I was thinking this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBd4n889dEQ)
Doin' it in the butt 
Outside of songs already mentioned here and Bustin' Loose, which is my personal "walking the city" theme and my vote for our new state song, here's a whole list of songs by people that are born/raised/make significant contributions/blatantly talking about the city. Peep the title though. I tried to be clever.  https://open.spotify.com/user/ladydamsel/playlist/1ZHSJcpwfdiE0x03JnMNFI And yes, you can tell my age range and the age range of my parents here.
Orange line has been feeling this pain for awhile.  I personally chose to just give up on Metro, at least until this is over.
If you're headed into the city, you transfer to the yellow/green line and take it to Gallery Place and then adjust. If you're trying to get to Brookland or Rhode Island Ave., the 80 bus goes from Ft. Totten to Brookland (and if you're headed into the city, the 80 goes all the way to Farragut West and the Kennedy Center). The Metropolitan Branch Trail connects Brookland to Rhode Island Ave.
Metro to riders: drop dead
Simple.

They don't.
Note that uberPool has been running extremely cheap rates during rush hour during safetrack. May want to check it out (pm me if you want a discount referral code).
>"Avoid traveling during rush-hour periods." 

So don't commute to work?
[what they expect](https://youtu.be/Mx9z99YJ_7s?t=49)
I wonder how the semi-permanent closures are going to affect real estate in those particular areas...
I've seen cars accidentally end up on that trail coming the other way, from the roundabout at the end of the video, since it's not the most obvious transition from being a road to turning into a trail. They normally realize instantly that they aren't on a road anymore. Never seen anyone try to keep going there on what obviously is not a road.
[deleted]
Looks like To Stop A Douche Bag needs a US tour
Looks like that trail needs a few bollards.
I see police from time to time parked or driving on this parr of four mile run. Even seen them parked next to each other so they could talk... Blocking the trail. Also seen a taxi that instantly realized their mistake and one SUV that went from commonwealth to rt 1. But the police do it the most common.
That song makes every video better.
A couple of years ago two drivers ended up driving on the W&OD near the same spot in Vienna/Falls Church. 

1. Was just a drunk lady. She was a lawyer and got disbarred I believe. 

2. Was a guy from Florida who said he was following his GPS and turned immediately when instructed not realizing that it was a path. 
Virginia Plate VRA 1636

Just tweeted the video to Alex PD... Hope something happens.
I mean NOVA is full of the most oblivious drivers. How are there not pedestrian/bicycle barricades up at the transitions from road to trail?

I'd be more surprised that this isn't just an everyday, every hour event.
Here is a [direct link](https://youtu.be/BvC4mu_N7AM?t=30) to the video to skip the crappy embedded player on the linked site.
The best part is at 0:38. I'm pretty sure (though it maybe fuzzy) that's a Police SUV.

Also, that plate is very legible. Hope the biker gave the video to the police first.
http://i.imgur.com/Ev6OHKM.jpg
http://wtop.com/traffic/2016/10/car-driver-uses-bike-path-avoids-rush-hour-traffic-video/

is the license plate readable if the video is cleaned up?  fwd to the police.  they might find it fun. :)
And because it's the DMV area, this person will never be held accountable, despite having video evidence.
https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/wiki/moving
Be a good brother, visit your sister, and get an idea for yourself. 

Check out areas you'd want to live, Craigslist for room pricing in those areas. Don't bother with a car, and traffic isn't a concern, car expenses can be re-applied to rent.
Sidebar! It's a great area with ridiculous traffic and a hellish cost of living, but you'll be used to that coming from Boston/NYC. You probably can't afford to live in the city proper, so pick a nearby suburb in VA or MD and figure out your commute from there.
I moved from NYC about 18months ago, and in really enjoying it. My old rent bill to live in a shitty Harlem apt with my GF now gets me a reasonably nice row house with two guys that each have a room that's like 18'x18'. I have a porch, and trees grow on my street and shit.

The bagels and pizza here suck though.
Balls out for Hana
Poor Bear...

All bears go to heaven
Nothing to write home about here other than the word sloth.

The poor bear had tumors and was dying, and this at the end of her natural life.  
Is this the second one this year?
Looks like the zoo is going down to its "bear necessities".
Shit.  First Harambe then this. 
About 20%. I have a roommate and live with my girlfriend, so it helps. I live 20 minutes from work and right across the street from Chipotle and a titty bar, so... yep, it's worth it.
~55%. Way too much, I know. But I don't have a car which saves a bit, can walk or metro it pretty much anywhere. Employer pays for metro.
41% of take-home, though I do max out my retirement plan pre-tax. Worth it to be able to commute via bike and walk to the grocery store, restaurants, etc.
24%, feels about right to me. We could afford a bit more, but am happy to have the disposal income instead.
around 15%. I am lucky to split a one bedroom basement with my SO, and that my landlord hasn't increased my rent in 3 years. In that same time, my income has increased pretty significantly. So for now I'm paying down student loans and saving with the leftover. 
I just moved here from Philly and haven't gotten my first paycheck yet, but based on my calculations I'm probably spending about 42% on rent.

Absolutely worth it.

I live by myself, have a fenced in yard for my dogs, washer/dryer in my unit, landlord pays for cable/internet, I'm walking distance to a ton of bars and 4 metro stops from work (transit is paid by work). I kept my car, but insurance and parking are both cheaper here than Philly (shocking, I know). 

Even though rent is so much more here than Philly, in the grand scheme of things I'm only spending a few hundred bucks more per month so I think I made out pretty well.
The honor of a nation is its life. - Hamilton
~29%. I could afford a more expensive place, but I like the disposable income.
blah. i just realized its like 40%. I thought it was around 30. 

I live in a 650 sqft studio loft. washer/drier, parking underground included with rent.
41%, very hard to make it work, but it's worth it. I moved to this city for the lifestyle of being able to be car-free and live in an "urban" city. It's worth it to me but most other people think it's insane. And I understand that too.
24%. Found an awesome deal on a 1 bd apartment  in Capitol Hill East. The owner of the apartment complex is 104 and still lives in the building. 
My husband and I spend about 1400 on rent in Alexandria. Between us we make about 80K a year. If we ever want to go on vacation or own a home we are going to need a huge change. I love the area, but back home in Ohio the job I am doing might pay about 5 to 10 grand less a year but the apartment we have ould cost about $400 a month, I love it here, I love the city, but I cant stay unless I get a big change.
25%.  when i moved into the house i share  i could get to work in under an hour. unfortunately, between the office having moved four times since then, and the subway having gone bugfuck, my commute is now usually 75-90 mins each way. :P

will probably be looking to move in the next few years; it will suck, but i fully expect my rent to double.  hopefully it will be for somewhere substantially closer to  a train station.
30% or so. my wife and I can both walk to work (our commutes are under 15 minutes walking, sometimes we bikeshare), we love our apartment, and it is walking distance to a ton of stuff. we rarely take metro, we can bikeshare to a ton of places, and uber rides to most places we want to go when we aren't metro/bikeshare are decently cheap. no car, so no car expenses. ideal situation imo.
A little over 25%.  My place is very close to a metro station, good grocery store, and I can walk to work.  I'm very happy.
46%, though I max out my retirement and 401k contributions pre-tax. I needed to have a place alone in a building 3rd floor or above. I've had lots of bad living situations (esp. roommates!) so I know I'm just being picky.
47%. Short commute, easy access to the rest of the city, big house.
45% of monthly take home after 401k, but a big portion of my pay is an annual bonus so it's more like ~30%.

It *feels* high as a percentage, but I'm 24, debt-free, living alone, and basically live off my base (bonus going into savings) ...so it works.
Almost 70% but at least I have my own place in Downtown Ballston, worth it. But tbh no two lifestyles are alike so if it work for you then that's all that matter.
Less than 0%.

Bought a house in DC in 2009. The rental income from renting the rooms exceeds the mortgage (about 2k) by about 1k a month. After upkeep etc. I'm about even, although once you take into account all the tax deductions and equity gains I'm probably net positive at least 1k a month.
Around 30%, with minimal transportation expenses since I mostly walk to work. I'd love to spend less, but I couldn't imagine living outside the city.
I've spent about 20%-25%, 33%, and 45% depending where I've lived.  Sometimes it's worth it.
About 40% (but, that's using my take home after automatic deductions for my 401k and metro). I live a block from the metro, in a beautiful apartment in a safe area, and have a parking spot. Totally worth it. 

That said, my roomie and I split rent evenly, despite the fact that she has a master bedroom/bathroom. I'm hoping that once she moves abroad next year, I can find someone to pay a bit more for a way nicer room. Also hoping my landlord doesn't raise the rent. haha. 
Take-home? About 20% for mortgage, tax and insurance on a three bedroom rowhouse with my wife and son that we bought five years ago.
A little under 50%.  I'm temping now, so my income as a whole isn't too high (935 out of ~1900), once I land a permanent position I expect to be in a much better position.  It's worth it - I'm close to the metro and major highways, and amazing food all around.
42%


26% (Logan Circle) – After 3% contrib to 401K, Metro fare
About 31%.  Of course, that's based on two paychecks a month.  My budget is based on that (the bonus paychecks are just put into savings), so I think that's a fair number.  

It's a little higher than I'd like to spend, but worth the money.  I have a huge one bedroom with an in-unit washer/dryer.  And I'm super close to the metro on a convenient set of lines (blue/yellow)
About 40 percent. Once my spouse gets a job, it'll drop some, thankfully. It's nice to be close to things we need and have amenities like a washer and dryer in the apartment and garage parking, but for what we pay it's worth buying a house. Of course, it couldn't be in the district. 
33% in a 1 year old apartment complex in Alexandria. 
In downtown it seems if you're willing to move every lease cycle 1-1.5 years you can get decent deals on new construction apartments.
Around 21% living in a place with 2 other roommates. My girlfriend and I are moving in together, at which time I'll probably be paying around 26% including everything. I can't complain.
It looks like I am going to be looking at around 55% after utilities and all that. But with a promotion coming soon that should drop to about 40~45% by middle of next year.

Then I have to make a choice between no big house but no room mates and my own nicely located 1bdrm or stay put and keep the disposable income. 
I pay slightly less than 25%.  I live alone in a 1bd apartment.  I'm 2 miles from work, which translates to about a 20min bike ride.  I'm also 2mi from a metro station, which I guess is kind of convenient.  It is definitely worth it to spend what I'm spending.  I wouldn't save that much by living with roommates, and I'd be significantly less happy with roomies.  
25%. It's a tiny studio in a decent area within pretty easy work range. Not worth t except I'd have to pay $500 more for a real place and so I spend too much for too little to save money...hah
A little under 50% but I very rarely eat out and cook all meals at home, and my pay grade promotion is in January so I'm making it work for the next few months.
32%. I live with my gf in a 2 br in Crystal City.
[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2239 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/75444)
Almost 20% ...it's a lot, but it's the cheapest rent I can find that isn't hellholeish. So it's alright.
Sitting upstairs right above the stairs.
Can I come?
[deleted]
It is almost unusable on weekend already due to the wait
How is this news when it happens almost every weekend?
It will never get better. 
Why for the green and yellow? We're supposed to be the superior line that actually still has service :(
Heh. 
Sounds like they want to permanently cut weekend service to save $$$$$$$$.



And people wonder why Metro ridership is declining.
Patience is a virtue. 
Songbyrd bringing me back in
[Public Meeting #3](http://www.fra.dot.gov/Page/P0982)
Wednesday, October 19, 2016 
4:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. 
Washington Union Station's Presidential Room
Damn, I won't make it back from my office in time for this.

One of the stupidest things that Amtrak does is make people create those MASSIVE lines to even get near the tracks/get on the train with your ticket. Go to Penn Station in NYC - it's not a problem.
One fact from that presentation really sticks out to me as to why redevelopment and expansion are necessary - Union Station handles 37 million visitors annually, compared to 22.5 million for BWI, 22 million for IAD, and 20 million for DCA. Crazy.
That's great.  When are you going to bring Google Fiber?
Issue caused by arcing insulator:

 https://twitter.com/RailTransitOPS/status/788691970340294656?s=09
I heard this on NPR before I left home and hoped it would clear up before I transferred onto the orange line. Wishful thinking, I know, so I didn't bother thinking of taking another route. Now I'm sitting in a tunnel. 


Issue has been resolved but expect residual delays
The train ahead of us was getting turned around. I noped out of there after being stuck at va square for 30 mins 
Another day, another Metro cock-up. *sigh*
Avoid metro if possible today. I commute from Reston and it took me almost 1 hour and 20 minutes on metro (not counting drive, walk, etc) to reach foggy bottom
Sigh.   I'm moving over near those stops.   Something over there is always breaking 
Cab chatter indicates red line problem at dupont

Track two holding at brookland

Door problem track two rockville
I prefer SOB lines, thank you.
More like Metro Fail AMIRITE?! 
I say the city invests in cats! I have two that would give the rats a run for their money! ;-)
Welcome to last week. This has been talked about on here extensively over the past few days. You should use the search function.
Man if I had a car this would be great. Sadly I'm stuck to metro-verse :(
As a former multiple-time trivia champion team member, I suggest just getting regular people. The people who are performers and know-it-alls seem to turn trivia nights into their personal "the me show" and it makes it drag on way too long. Trivia hosts who just go through the questions, and make occasional jokes or side comments that don't totally sidetrack the whole night are much more enjoyable.
Tune inn. Get a bloody and the hash.
Ted's Bulletin on 14th makes a great one!
The Diner in Adams Morgan
As suggested Ted's Bulletin is a great call. Another great call is Old Ebbit grill, they serve breakfast and the bar is open there as well.
I don't have any suggestions, but good on you sir. Good on you.
I don't think any DC bar is legally allowed to serve alcohol that early in the morning. That said, Tune Inn (a billion years ago) used to not care. I once got a table full of bloody marys while two cops were enjoying breakfast at the bar.
You should go! I saw them at a festival, but I think they would be really fun at a smaller venue. 
I saw them in Baltimore at First Thursdays, very fun I would go again!!
I haven't personally used taskrabbit for it, but last time I waited in line, the person in front of me was hired through task rabbit and we talked for a bit.  It is pretty reliable, from what I heard.  But definitely make sure you actually meet the person at or before 5pm when the doors open; if you are not personally there at that time, the hosts at Rose's make not accommodate your group.
When I went there was definitely a few in line. I did not pay attention to see if the actual diners came in time, but a lone person in front of me was representing his party of four and was pushed to the second seating. The party of four behind me in line got got immediately because they were all together, so just make sure you arrive at 5. 
We did it and it worked great. Guy got in line 2 hours early, was first or second in line at 5, when it opened. He then got us a reservation at 7 and gave us a call. We arrived at 6:50 or so, checked in, told there was a 20 minute wait. No problem, went next door and had a drink, they buzzed us when the table was ready. My sense is that the hosts are perfectly cool with it, completely cooperative.
Not sure about anyone else, but I didn't have to wait in any kind of super long line at Rose's Luxury. Granted, I arrived shortly after they opened, walked up to the hostess to give my name, and was willing to wait at a nearby bar until they were ready for us. It was perfect weather on a Friday this past summer too.

If you absolutely must have the first seating, then that's a different story. Otherwise, chill at a bar and health issues shouldn't be a huge issue.
Oh I'm sure she'll be fine.
I think The Garrison across the street is pretty good, and they take reservations, if you'd prefer not to do the TaskRabbit thing.
Just go somewhere that takes reservations. There are plenty of good options. 
If your mother can't stand in line for a long time, maybe don't take her to a restaurant that requires you to stand in line for a long time.

We literally just had Michelin come through with rec's for restaurants, so maybe take her to one of those?

No, but DC tax records say it is owned by "Veterans Cooperative Housing Association."

The Cooperative bought Naylor Gardens, a housing project of approximately 750 apartments, in 1948 from the Government for approximately $5,500,000. No idea what their current landholdings are in the area.
[You mean this one?](http://imgur.com/a/0zLkV)

I used to live in Naylor Gardens. The buildings style matches the rest, more or less. It's a nice coop-owned group of apartments. Rent controlled, mostly safe, and walkable to a metro. We rented a 2BR for about $1k total including heat/lights/water.

I drove by that building frequently. While I never remember seeing anyone there, I'd guess it's some sort of caretaker building for Naylor Gardens, built when the area was a bit less developed and [that sort of thing was more common.](http://www.atlasobscura.com/articles/inside-the-new-york-public-librarys-last-secret-apartments)
I've done it, and it's one of DC's best and least visited tourist activities, at least compared to the capitol and the national mall. If you don't go to the oral arguments, line up to go in when the court is empty, and there are guides who will sit you down and talk to you for a good hour about the court; you can ask them anything, and they'll go down the rabbit hole as far as you like. It's a blast.
Probably easiest to just call and speak to someone working there.

https://www.supremecourt.gov/contact/contactus.aspx
The whole thing is about 100 miles. It runs along the ridge and has entrances near Front Royal (80 minutes from DC), Sperryville (90-100 minutes from DC), Lydia (2 hours from DC), and Crozet (3 hours from DC). 

There is a fee to enter the national park. It's 20$ or you can buy an annual national parks pass for 80$.
https://www.nps.gov/shen/index.htm

Speed along Skyline is only about 35 mph so that will take you a while. I'd just do from Front Royal to Sperryville then head back (about four hours of driving all told). Going all the way to Lydia would add maybe 2 hours driving. Also maybe a short hike to do along the way in the park.
FWIW, Skyline is pretty but you have to pay and it will be packed this time of year. You can see just about the same thing on a lot of virginia byways -- VA 230 and VA 20 come to mind specifically.

Harpers ferry can also get you to the same place with more "stuff" at the end.
You had me at apple donuts. Thanks for the recommendation!
Just went on Sunday. I got the $40 pass because I hike enough anyways and it'll be worth it for that reason. Can upgrade from Shenandoah to National parks pass at a later date for $40 more so no reason to initially get that. 

Sunday was a beautiful day and honestly wasn't too packed. I didn't have to slow down because of anyone in front of me and was able to go as slowly as I wanted to look at views, I did once slow down and to the side to let some motorcycles pass. 

I went in at Thornton Gap entrance which took about 1:45 min from Pentagon City. 

Went for a hike and then parked car at Stoney Man mountain overlook for a picnic. Was great view and not a lot of people. Though an amateur car show did show up for a bit. It honestly gave us quite a laugh at them trying to line up their cars by color then a car getting there late and want to get in the middle of the line with the other same colors. 

Overall 10/10.  

Though if you're not going to take advantage of the hiking or anything else specific to skyline then the options others have mentioned are good too. 
Honestly if you have the time and are willing to drive the distance, I'd recommend going on the Blue Ridge Parkway. The northern end of it starts at the southern end of Skyline Drive in Afton, VA. Still mountain views, but the speed limit is 55, IIRC, and it's free. Obviously though, it starts 3 hours from here.
I've had a good experience with him! I go to the D street location now to see him after starting at the L' Enfant one. 

He did a fix on a previous dentists work on my crowns on my molars and I really like the technology they use in office. 


Loved him
I had a crown done by one of his dentists at the D St location who ended up leaving the office (they seem to have high turnover) - it failed after a few months. Had to get a new one so I got a second opinion. Turns out the crown was improperly placed so I ended up paying out of pocket for two crowns on the same tooth. My husband saw Tsaknis and was told he had 10 cavities that needed filled. He got a second opinion and only 1 tooth was actually decayed. I wouldn't recommend.
I'm curious too about Tsaknis, havent heard many good things on yelp but that's what you typically find on yelp.
Sounds like your asthma is out of control.  If you're using your rescue inhaler daily that's abnormal.

With me I had my first real asthma attack about 7 years before coming to D.C.  I didn't get them frequently until I moved here then I was getting multiple attacks daily.  So I was using my inhaler daily and I thought that was normal because I was mr "I never go to doctors"

After seeing a doctor he sent me to an allergist and basically said my asthma was way out of control.  So a week of steroids brought everything out of an agitated state.  A mix of singulair, a daily control inhaler, Claritin d, and Flonase for a year kept everything under control.  

Now I'm seasonal.  So dry winter air is my trigger.  I sleep with a humidifier all winter then a dehumidifier all summer to keep mold at bay (I live near a creek).  I no longer take maintenance medication except in winter.

Anyway I'd like to stress that none of the above is medical advice.  Talk to an allergist.   You have a condition.  This isn't some cold you're going to kick on your own.
OP, for the record, if you're using a rescue inhaler daily, I recommend that you *do* see a doctor about your asthma, at least so you understand the risks that you're taking. 

...but you said you don't want to do that, and I doubt a stranger on the internet is going to chance your mind, so here are some other things you can do. Note that some of these will be more or less useful depending on your specific living situation. 

*Note: Consumer Reports / Consumers' Union is a really good source for detailed information on the air filters/purifiers. You can get online access through the public library system in D.C. and most of the DC suburbs*

**HVAC filters:** Every residential heating/air conditioning system has [some kind of air filter(s)](http://www.filtrete.com/3M/en_US/filtrete/products/~/Filtrete-Products/Air-Filtration/?N=4315+7568680+3294529207+3294857497&rt=r3) in it. In a single family home or townhouse, they'll be in the basement where the heated or cooled air feeds into the blower that pushes the air through the vents. Upgrading to a higher quality filter and/or just changing the filter more often can *seriously* improve the air quality in your home. If this is an option for you, it's really, really cheap compared to buying a stand-alone air purifier. 

Complications: You'll have to learn a bit about your HVAC system. In a single family home or townhouse, this isn't hard, just take a look downstairs, write down the model numbers, and do some googling. Note that older blowers may not be strong enough to work effectively with one of the newer 1200 MPR+ allergen filters.

If you're in a multi-unit apartment building, you'd need to have a conversation with the landlord or property manager. Low odds you can convince the manager of a big building to change anything for your sake.

**Stand-Alone Air Purifiers:** If you can't change the HVAC air filter for the whole house, it can help to stick [a stand-alone air purifier](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Air_purifier) in your bedroom, or a small one in the bedroom and a big one in the living area if you can afford it. 

Here's the thing: Fundamentally, these air purifiers are just a frame and a set of fans that move air through some fancy filters. How well the thing works is mostly about the filters, and over the device's lifetime, you will probably spend more on replacement filters than you did on the device itself. 

Most asthmatics need an air purifier with HEPA filters to notice a real difference. It's good to get an air purifier with two layers of filters (the HEPA filter and some kind of pre-filter) because otherwise you go through HEPA filters a lot faster, and they're expensive. 

Right now, I think the Honeywell "Room" air purifiers are a good value, mostly because they've gone to a system that uses standardized filters for all the models. This makes the filters cheaper, and it's much less likely that your expensive air purifier will become obsolete because they stop making XYZ model filter 2 years from now. 

*Psst...In my experience, you can also make a "small-room" air purifier work for a larger room by sticking it under a tall oscillating fan.*

Skip the stylish looking Brookstone/Sharper Image Ionizing/Ozone/Buzzword-of-the-month air purifiers that don't take replaceable filters. They don't work. 

**Nose Sprays:** There are now over-the-counter versions of Flonase, Singulair, and many of the other formerly-RX-only steroid nose sprays. They help a lot of people. It's worth trying one for a couple of weeks. 

*Doh! Real life calls, but this is a big wall of text already. Let me know if this is helpful or if you have more questions. Note well: I'm just an asthma sufferer that didn't have good health insurance for a long time-- not any kind of doctor.* 
What neighborhood do you live in? I moved here from a very smog infested city and my asthma's actually gotten better. 


Might this be allergy related? 
Do you still smoke cigarettes?
Albuterol, lots of albuterol
Moved here from LA.  While living in that smog capitol I invested in two rabbit air purifiers and they've made a MASSIVE difference.  They aren't cheap, but they are worth it.   They made the trip across the country with me here.  They're also great if you suffer from allergies.
I finally went to an allergist after doing more or less what you're doing for the past year. I feel so much better. I have a 12-month prescription for Arnica and can actually breathe almost off the time now. I only use my inhaler once a week. 

They also gave me a scratch test (which was painless) to see what I'm actually allergic to, and then we talked about some preventative measures I could take at home to help combat this. 

I moved here from Louisiana and never had issues of allergies until I got to DC, but I am allergic to stuff and it's so much easier to handle now that i have all the facts. 

I also have doctor anxiety - I literally almost threw up outside my GPs office the first time I went. I used ZocDoc to make the allergist appointment online because it felt less scary. And then of course everyone at the office is great and it's not scary at all, so it's also helping battle that fear!

So I feel your doctor pain, but if you can make yourself go... it's worth it. I found an office that could take me the next day so I didn't have building anxiety and stress for weeks. If you can't it seems like there are some good ideas here about air filters and purifiers. I personally like a humidifier because the dry air is a trigger for me. Best of luck!
http://dcist.com/2016/10/final_debate_watch_parties.php
AGLA (Arlington's LGBTQ+ organization) will be hosting a viewing party at the Hyatt Place in Court House. The event is billed as a "pre-debate happy hour" since technically we're nonpartisan, but we'll all be there for the main event: https://www.facebook.com/events/188148301592530/

Straight allies more than welcome!
http://dc.eater.com/2016/9/23/13033842/debate-watching-guide-dc
Glad its the end of these threads!
That would be great. I was looking for a bigger waste of time than watching the real debate.
[deleted]
Dont have no faith! I left a leather wallet on the metro worth 120 without anything in it and it was returned to me with the 7 dollars i had in it and every card as well. it works! 
Please do go ahead and submit the report/have your roommate submit the report. They really do find and return items like that and if she can give a good description it really ups her chances of being contacted by Metro if the item was found by them or turned into a station manager. 
Why would she need a jacket today? It was like 65 degrees this morning...
Try contacting WMATA
Can I ask a question of this sub? I personally am not a fan of Brutalist architecture. I don't really think it looks impressive, and as time goes on, it really doesn't age well if not properly maintained (metro stations for example). It actually makes the building look lifeless and characterless to me. I've mentioned that to my friends out here and they agree with me. When I have friends from out of the region visit me, they agree too. 

Despite that, I always read things on this sub praising the Brutalist architecture of DC building and how it really is the unsung hero of DC. Do more people feel the same way as me? Is it one of those things that it's hard to appreciate if you aren't from here? 

Btw, sorry if I pissed any of you off. Not trying to shit on DC at all. I love this city, just had this opinion and wanted other DC folks opinion about this. 
I can see why people wouldn't like it but I find some of the buildings to be pretty cool.  Dulles, FBI Headquarters, metro and ATF HQ are all gems IMO.  
Love posts like this. Thanks!
I know of three Brutalist buildings in Federal Center whose marble-and-concrete exteriors are infested with red mites.
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/872/113/a45.png
Good article. Thanks!
>"Architects practicing in that era might not have considered themselves to be Brutalists," Madsen points out. "In fact, Araldo Cossutta, who was one of I.M. Pei’s protégés and was responsible for L’Enfant Plaza North and South as well as the Third Church of Christ Scientist, demolished in 2014, insisted in a recent interview published in Heroic: Concrete Architecture and the New Boston, that he was not one, saying, 'I resent the word Brutalism being attached to my work in any way.'"

He couldn't possibly have resented the word Brutalism being attached to his work as I resent having to look at the eyesores.  It was a beautiful day when they finally tore down the Third Church of Christ Scientist.  Now for the rest.

(I know some of you like the style, but it is really hard for me to put into words how much I dislike.  Don't even get me started on the Metro which is the most soulless train system imaginable.)
This is great news.  I'm sick of MD/DC losing jobs to the other side of the river.
>D.C. and Northern Virginia were lobbying for the campus, while Prince George's County was also on the hunt.

Guess this is the author's way of saying, PG County was making a nominal effort to win this one. Realistically though, there just isn't anywhere in PG County in relative proximity to a Metro station that Marriott would realistically consider.
This is not that surprising. It was where I thought they would move, that or DT Silver Spring.
Aww, my parents live just 2 miles from the HQ. It's always been a landmark for us. I wonder what they're going to do with the old building. 
So this is why the developers bought our building next to caltort .. sigh.
