People complain when posts are made about tea or the mysterious yellow orb in the sky, and they also complain when a slightly more serious post is made.

I don't mind seeing posts about politics on here. It is not quite the same as the other subs as the conversation here is usually much more casual. The tongue in cheek comments we make here would be frowned upon in more serious subs.

Unless all you want to read are endless posts complaining about Chris Evans/Top Gear and variations of tea being made badly, I think the rules need to be changed or relaxed.

Tut.
So... this is a campaign for ... Politixit? 
Can you extend that to Top Gear posts please?
British Problem:  There is no place I can whine about politics today
I think there's a difference between 'politics' and the EU referendum though, the referendum is so much bigger than just politics and people obviously want to discuss it with people without getting insulted to hell and back or having an opinion forced down their throats which is only really possible on this sub.

There was a thread the other day which got deleted despite being right at the top with a 91% upvote ratio and actually had some proper discussion on it without people insulting each other for their position or even really declaring what their position was. I agree that a thread is going against the rules if it's trying to convert people to a certain direction but if it's just general chat about it then I think it should be allowed because it certainly is a pretty big 'British problem'.

Maybe just relax the rules slightly until the 23rd? Would be interesting to hear other people's thoughts, because that thread the other day was certainly the most civilised one I've seen on this site and probably the internet in general. 

If people want to avoid it entirely they don't have to enter the thread and it is unlikely to permeate into others. After all that's what the arrows are for, if people aren't interested then it won't make it to the top. Possibly a singular daily thread? Not saying i'm desperate for it and if people think i'm talking shite then that's fine, just putting some ideas out there.
No comrade. This sub perfect for polytics.
TFW this is still at the top of the sub, yet every post from the last few hours has been about politics.
Came here from /r/all. This has got to be the dumbest rule I've ever seen. 
Tut 
But the problem of Boris being in charge of MI6 and GCHQ  transcends politics.
I SUPPORT POLITICS AND IF YOU DON'T YOU'RE THE DAMN PROBLEM WITH THIS SUBREDDIT! ^/s
Don't mention the politics!
Hear! Hear!
[I don't do politics] (https://youtu.be/zruGBWLk9s8) 
Meh, don't mind either way. I'm sick of the referendum - whatever I write, some dickhead takes offense and tells me indignantly.
Selina Scott, on the C4 Z-lister debate show, just effectively said that if you vote and your side doesn't win, then it's not proper democracy.

I'm not making a political point, just one about the intense, overwhelming, dizzying, nauseating stupidy of Selina Scott.
I'm really enjoying all the politics shit posting. Please keep that, its entertaining
You missed a great opportunity to just make this a normal post:

"Politics is banned in this sub and I still have to pick through all this shite you plebs keep posting." #BritishModProblems


You say no politics, yet the first two posts any visitor sees are about politics. Strange.
Nine of the posts on the front page of this sub are regarding politics. Either enforce this rule or drop it.
I do understand the need for this rule, but as a Brit abroad most of my British problems relate to politics these days - perhaps a spinoff subreddit brexitproblems is in order?
Politics!
+1 to the "no politics" rule
You have to say though, the country has never talked about it as much this, I agree though, rules is rules.
What happened to free speech? We can't talk about the very thing that is meant to allow free speech? 
politics :P
Isn't defiance a British Success though? Otherwise we'd all be speaking German by now.
ITV has some of the worst television ever.
GMB is tripe hosted by Piers Morgan (speaks for itself),
Lorraine is like a diet version of that run by a host who's never on,
JK is lowest common television and a discount Jerry Springier,
Loose Women is a bunch of old handbags laughing at men (watch the clips where they talk about faking orgasms, I shit you not- it's disgraceful)
and This Morning is a fusion of them all but x10 worse

What else would you expect from ITV. its literally Grenada entertainment for 1/2 the day which is basically the same shitty talk show they just change the hosts every couple of hours. Then when that finishes its just soaps and reality TV, there even trying to can 10pm news to fit another shitty talk show in.
I fucking hate British society 
Poor people don't buy the shit that ITV is paid to advertise.
The answer is just to not watch ITV.  It's not like you're missing anything unless you really like low budget reality TV.
Sounds like a Black Mirror episode
ITV is the TV equivalent of the Sun / Daily Mail.     
    
No redeeming qualities whatsoever. Plus anything that gives air time to either Simon Cowell or Piers Morgan should be nuked from orbit. Just to be sure. 
I've lived in Japan for the last 8 years: has GMTV been rebranded? What is this bullshit?
TV in general is shit. I do agree ITV is a main offender in the shitness of TV.
The same programme that just paid Eric Bristow to make a lame apology for being a total dickwad and try and save his "career" ?
Yeah we don't have live TV in our house, truely believe my kids will grow up to be better adjusted more stable rational people without it.

Bonus: they don't see adverts. Ever.

Double bonus: Nor do we!
Don't watch any of that crap. It rots your mind.
Sex jibe husband murders wife  
Bomb blast victim fights for life  
Girl Thirteen attacked with knife  

Princess Di is wearing a new dress

Jet airliner shot from sky  
Famine horror, millions die  
Earthquake terror figures rise  

Princess Di is wearing a new dress

You can't change the world  
But you can change the facts  
And when you change the facts  
You change points of view  
If you change points of view  
You may change a vote  
And when you change a vote  
You may change the world

In black townships fires blaze  
Prospects better premier says  
Within sight are golden days  

Princess Di is wearing a new dress.

["New Dress" by Depeche Mode. This is the Razed In Black cover version.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VSQBhxd2v1o)
Meh, Good Morning Britain has never pretended to be a serious talkshow / news etc show. 
I think that all TV has declined in recent years because of the rise of subscription services. TV will continue to go downhill over the next few years until all we're left with is amazon, Netflix etc
QB
Good Morning all you cunts out there™
cunts
Why do people still watch TV?
The first question that spring to mind is why are you watching GMB?
It's a light entertainment programme not bloody Panorama. Wtf were you expecting?

Also Maureen Lipman is pretty cool.
Huh. They must be taking notes from CNN.
TIL people watch ITV. The only good things they ever did were Harry Hill and Bad Lads Army.
So, a normal day in Britainland then
For a 20 minute walk I would have just walked. 
If a bus journey could be walked in 20 minutes, I tend to just walk. The only exception is if it is raining and the bus isn't packed full of wet miserable people. 
Are you in Bristol?

Pretend to walk to the next stop, or light a fag. Never fails.
I feel really spoilt now, knowing that I can accurately know when a bus is going to arrive, where it is at the moment and what registration plate it has... Is this only a London thing?
Worth waiting just to keep out the rain and charge your phone
Story of my life!! My bus to work from the tube is supposed to come every 15 minutes. But Citymapper frequently says the next one is about 25 minutes away? So I start to walk the 20 minute walk to work. 5 minutes later, the bus drives past. Rage!
Should replicate this [research](https://erikbern.com/2016/04/04/nyc-subway-math.html) and find out how long you should wait.

It's probably less than 9 min.
'Hold music' ...'Click'
 
At last, you think, picking up the phone.

'We are currently experiencing an unusually high volume of calls'

Repeat forever
Your BritishProblem is important to us.

We will read your submission as soon as possible.

Commenters are all busy looking at other posts.

I am a bot. Beep boop.
You know it's bad when you're thinking "just let me listen to the hold music!"  
It's the way the recorded messages always say "I am sorry that.....". No, *you're* not anything, you're a bloody recorded voice. "[Name of company] apologises for...." would be far less rage-inducing.
"Your call is important to us" just not important enough that we employ an appropriate number of call handlers. 
Last week I cancelled Sky TV, was expecting the worst.

Logged into my account to find contact details to cancel; options presented: either telephone number, email address, postal address, Live Chat.

Selected Live Chat.  OMG.  No hassle whatsoever.  Also made it easier to be polite and pleasant to the Sky person,  not once did I have to shout, "No, I want to cancel".
They WANT you to hang up. They don't want to pay people to talk to you. They want you to just give up and NOT cancel your whatever, or not bother complaining, or to just accept that your wifi is slow, or go online to do your banking. They have a vested interest in ensuring that the wait is long, irritating, and infuriating so you'll hang up and you won't call again.
Virgin Mobile? Their recorded apology for being in a queue interrupts other announcements they're making whilst you're on hold.

On hold for 40 minutes only to be told altering my tariff apparently requires a specialist in the contract department to press a button, and that department is closed. Could have told me that when I selected the option on the menus to change my contract. FFS.
Sometimes when you're on hold and know you're going to be for a while, at least you can just listen to the song to keep your mind occupied. But no, they interrupt it less than every 5 seconds to apologise for the wait.

I know I'm waiting, I don't need reminding that often. Just let me listen to the muzak.
I used to think this every time I had to call student finance.

I wouldn't mind the endless hold music if they didn't keep interrupting it every 20 seconds
Words cannot express how much I hate automated phone systems.
I was once on hold for 30 minutes with the people who hold your deposits on rental properties, just to finally hear the robot say *"I'm sorry, we are now closed."*
The fact that the "your call is very important to us" message is automated suggests otherwise.
[PuTTing YoU tHroUGh, CoW.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CKlR2VCuSRg&t=0m5s)
What you thought you'd zone out and relax while being inconvenienced?!     
Pay attention to us making you wait!!
It's like those fucking top 936 videos on YouTube with the same robotic lady voice because those are made in India 
I've learnt to write companies letters instead (if it's not urgent). Two minutes to tap out and I've always got envelopes and stamps in my desk. Lob it in the post and job done.

It seems that physical paper ends up in a very different system to emails. It gets placed directly in the hands of the relevant person, who wants to avoid back and forth communication if possible (because now *they* are the one trying to get hold of *you*). It just gets sorted straight away.

2 minutes of my time followed by a response 3 days later is often better than 30 minutes on hold. 
Once had them say sorry then change the hold music to a shittier song.
"There will be road works for the next 20 months, we apologise for the delay"
I get this with trains. 

"We are sorry to announce..."

Well you ain't sorry great northern are you.  Otherwise you'd fix the fact you are delayed every day.
Was this PC world or currys? I just had this and nearly smashed my phone in anger.
Top tip:  Pressing '*' makes a human answer.
Sometimes I only have to press it around a hundred times.
I install VOIP telephone systems. A lot of the time the company has 1-2 phones that are currently engaged/not being used.

You are either in a big queue or being ignored, one happens more often than the other.
Not just a British problem, it drives me up a wall too 
Last time I called at&t, the robot asked me questions and then there were keyboard noises as if he was typing in my information.
If my call is important why not fucking answer it instead of feeding me bullshit about how important my call is. 

If you are perpetually experiencing an unusually high volume of calls then  you have perpetually insufficient staff available to deal with the number of calls.
I think it's beautiful that we accept such people in modern society. 
Is that a euphemism for something?  Just say it...
This was me yesterday, AMA
I'll bet his foot-long was closer to 10" too.
I wanted to ask for my meatballs to be cut in half yesterday to stop them rolling out but I chickened out last minute.
What is this madness! It's literally the only sandwich that I order and it HAS to be toasted with cheese, otherwise I will pass in my sleep.
As an ex-driver, I can imagine the reaction of a good portion of drivers:

"Are you fucking mental?"

 *close door*

 *drive away shaking your head in disbelief*
Please tell me this isn't a thing.
Please tell us what happened! Did you have to wait for a different bus?
It's been an hour, we've lost them.

It was nice hearing from you OP.
Don't you have control of your own heating? 
Ice on the inside of Windows for us. No taps frozen though- yet.
Pro tip: If you toast crumpets, after they're done balance them on the top of the toaster - the heat coming from the toaster will keep them warm in order for the butter to melt
"Can't believe it's not butter, spreads like concrete".
Accept. 
It doesn't except them? which means it accepts them! excellent. Sounds like a good machine to me, most of the ones around me don't accept £2 coins. 
>except


Get the fuck out. 
Thank you, I was wondering.  I shall make a point to avoid it.
And the price break points aren't at £2.05 £2.55 etc. ? Deliciously evil when  that happens.
What's the point of any payment machine that doesn't take card?
The Media keep warning us about price rises due to Brexit, I won't believe it until this happens.
Have you seen those giant bags for £1.00? I could easily polish off one, especially the beef flavour.
You philistine. I'll give you my salt N Linekers for your cheese N onion.
Do you like Prawn Cocktail? I'll trade.
SEND THEM TO ME
I always thought it was the prawn cocktail and Worcester sauce ones that get slowly accumulated.
Cheese and Onion are great, it's Ready Salted that get left in my house - what a waste of potato. If you're going to flavour something don't half arse it.
Ready salted is always the last flavour to go, it usually stays there for a long time, cheese and onion it the first to go in this household.
Top Tip: Put a few drops of vinegar into the bag, close the top of the bag and shake it about so the vinegar goes all over the crisps. It takes the sweetness out of the crisps and makes them taste better, but they can get soggy if you use too much vinegar.
I'll trade, though knowing a Salt and Vinegar fan please don't wear your nipple clamps when we meet up. People will talk.
How do they end up broken? (Aussie here, I don't get it).
My hometown leaves the lights up all year round. I do wonder how much it actually saves the council since they are exposed to the elements much longer. 
A true British Christmas, somebody has to go around checking all the bulbs.
Have a low fat, no added sugar rich tea. 
You ckaim to be eating well, yet eat no biscuits...
Try breathing through your nose - the air is warmed by passing through your nasal passages.

I try telling myself to do it as I gasp through my mouth when out on my bike - I only have small nostrils, I am sure it makes a difference :o)
Was going to recommend a balaclava, but could be tad risky these days ;)
If you drink more tea it helps warm the throat. 
Christmas is only 25 days away. 
who doesn't? man with stick hit ball and run. 
You posh English twat!
I don't like cricket

I love it
To be called a posh English Twat you need a vague understanding of Polo. To understand cricket you are just a Twat. 
Everyone in Yorkshire is "posh"?
what's not to understand? (obligatory "funny rules of cricket" copy and paste job incoming!)

You have two sides, one out in the field and one in. Each man that's in the side that's in goes out, and when he's out he comes in and the next man goes in until he's out. When they are all out, the side that's out comes in and the side that's been in goes out and tries to get those coming in, out. Sometimes you get men still in and not out.

When a man goes out to go in, the men who are out try to get him out, and when he is out he goes in and the next man in goes out and goes in. There are two men called umpires who stay all out all the time and they decide when the men who are in are out. When both sides have been in and all the men have been out, and both sides have been out twice after all the men have been in, including those who are not out, that is the end of the game!

Inverse snobbery is rife in British culture these days - more so than regular snobbery by a long way. 
[You don't need to know anything about cricket to make a film about it though!](https://youtu.be/KQ3mdrQeTHE)
The only thing I learned about cricket is that it is of the utmost importance to keep track of the tea trolley at all times and a wobbly wheel can throw the whole game off.
The thing people don't get about cricket is your supposed to watch it live and get gradually more drunk as the match goes on which makes it much more entertaining.
keke truu innit
I was also once called a posh twat...for pronouncing my name correctly.

My name is Martin, and I used to live just near Northampton. The locals had a habit of saying my name and somehow leaving the 'T' out, like 'Maah-in.'

When I commented on this, and their tendency to pronounce 'three' as 'free,' I was called a posh twat.
No, you can silly mid-off
Understanding cricket makes you a posh English twat? But cricket is easy to understand, polo on the other hand and even then it is pretty easy once you've played/watched a chukka or two.
Does that ruling work worldwide? Only I'd like to see someone go call an Australian posh on the basis of cricket knowledge. Twat I am assuming they'd take as a term of endearment, but can't see the posh bit going down so well.
The biggest cricket fans I've met have mostly been working-class Asian guys.
Hold on hold on.

Let the lad redeem himself - what do you know of darts and snooker?
Fred Truman.  So posh. Freddy Flintoff even posherer.
Jimmy, Jiminy or posh English twat sport?
Noting your location, I have to point out that Scotland is, in TCCB terms, a minor county.
It isn't difficult:

The rules of cricket, as explained to a Foreign Visitor

You have two sides, one out in the field and one in.

Each man that's in the side that's in, goes out, and when he's out, he comes in and the next man goes in until he's out.

When they are all out the side that's out comes in and the side that's been in goes out and tries to get those coming in out.

Sometimes you get men still in and not out.

When both sides have been in and out including the not-outs, that's the end of the game.

Howzat?

- Tentatively attributed to the Marylebone Cricket Club
What do you mean?
Why would the barber expect a tip? This isn't America, we don't tip unless we received a truly good service and in my experience, barbers don't offer us such.
I always tip my barber. She's playing the system well by charging £8, knowing that most people will probably tell her to pocket the change from a tenner.
My preferred method consists of going over to ask what the time is
'Turning on the TV in the morning to see Piers Morgan' would've been enough
I turned on the TV, saw Piers Morgan, turned over, saw King of Queens and that was the point where I decided I'd rather get ready in a comfortable silence.
That was painful to watch I had just woken up and felt like Eric Berstow was the abuser himself. Then that charity woman was the most smug woman I've ever seen. Not saying what he said was right but she said Berstow 'harmed' people. Wtf?! 
The ones at my local one have gone to pot too! Software is so slow. I actually had an argument with a employee there the other day. He directed me from the queue to a self serve that I had already tried and wouldn't scan anything. He insisted it was working, I told him it wasn't. He shouts 'yes it is madam!' and grabs my items and tries to scan them. 5 attempts later, still wasn't scanning. Victory was mine! 
Do you still have to press "Finish and pay" 5 times for it to register? And do they finally accept NFC contactless payments?
I mostly wish the things didn't constantly make noise at you "Do you have a nectar card? Please scan items. Please choose your item. Have you bagged your item? Please select payment via cash or card. Please insert card. Please take items". Fucking hell just shut uppppp
Now when I go shopping I won't be able to stop myself singing:

"Whoah Black Betty > gram of RAM "

So thanks for that.
I work at a local sainos, we all are getting new software before the end of the year in order to get contact less support. The shop I work at upgraded the software about 2 months ago, and only just got contact less very recently, but the software itself is truly awful. The tills freezing up is a regular thing, the menus sometimes don't make sense, and it makes the most basic things like signing in more of a hassle than it needs to be.

I asked one of my supervisors why it was so dreadful and apparently Sainsburys cheaped out as much as possible on the new software by buying the license to already existing stuff, and changing it slightly. They also stated in the training videos for the new software that it's taken them 3 years to perfect this new software. Yeah right.
The one in my local finally has contactless, I went in a bit boozy and was so overjoyed!
We actually had the RAM in our machines upgraded in preparation for the new software. They're still slow as hell and constantly freezing/breaking down and are generally 10x more of a nuisance for us than they were before but HEY contactless amirite? 
The local by my uni isn't too bad, the machines have that contactless thing so payments are a doozy, but there's barely any space to pack things up and I swear you'd have to drop an item three times before it detects its in the bagging area. The goodbye at the end feels a lil snarky, kinda miss the ol "THANK YOU FOR SHOPPING AT X" that was basically everywhere, but hey, contactless is where its at.
#UNEXPECTED ITEM IN BAGGING AREA
One gram? You can weigh ram now?
"Unexpected item in bagging area. Age verification required". No items in the bagging area, no bags, had only a few veggies for dinner. I'm 31, I think I'm allowed to eat veggies without supervision?
I used one yesterday. My auto-pilot mind was soooo confused. 
My local Sainsbury's installed them last week as well. They're slow, and somehow they made the voice even more irritating. Plus the design looks a bit shit.
I work for them, the actual tills have had the same updates and they're all running on the oldest shittiest computers you can imagine. If your store isn't in a city centre then they will be slow and shitty. 

They like to go so slow and just crash at every opportunity, the best part is the pos system update was delayed by an entire year. And in that year absolutely nothing was changed. 


I've been waiting for this for so long, as *contactless rules everything around me*, and it is absolutely dreadful. So slow and unintuitive. This is really enough to encourage me to shop elsewhere. 
I like to race them to see if I can pay on card before it says 'please insert your card'. I win 4 times out of 5.
For anyone else who was wondering, one gram of RAM is apparently about a twentieth of a 1 GB module.
Local Sainsburys has FINALLY switched to contactless, only about 5 years late to the game.
>it has one gram of RAM

welsh must be outraged
Here's my solution, assign a member of staff to each checkout, and let them scan your stuff and press the buttons for you :)

Might cut into Sainsbury's profits a bit more, but it would mean some of the customer service they so love to offer.
Is there any reason why they don't have contactless yet? And when I put my card in it recongises that there is a card in but still have to press the card option. 
My local Sainsburys' self serve till stop taking £1 after a certain time so you're left standing feeding it all the pound coins in your purse until you run out while it screams at you about wishing to continue!!
I paid a tenner the other day and it didn't register it.  Staff had to check cctv to prove I was telling the truth, such a waste of time
They are but it's a small price to pay for contactless. 
Tried to remove an item the other day and it took about an hour
Saino's management will probably read this thinking "wow, our cost saving measures worked and people aren't completely up in arms about it, great work guys!"
I got into a rap battle with one at Tesco's. It kept asking me shit and I was hung over and didn't understand, all I wanted was a sandwich.
To be fair, only being 'truly dreadful' does sound like a slight upgrade...
Self service, bloody useless. 

I avoid them like the plague. End up needing the self serve operator about 15 times for bagging area, booze, tags.

I once took my own tag off because they were stood chatting not paying attention and they went apeshit.
I was asked by one "Have you swiped your Nectar card?"

My response of "You know I haven't so why are you asking you passive aggressive bitch" resulted in some surprised looks from my fellow shoppers.
Unusually for Guernsey it seems we're ahead of the times, I recently had the joyous experience of using the new self checkout machines in Waitrose. Not only are they equipped with contactless they also make the remarkable assumption that not everyone that walks through the door is a thief and as such allow you to scan multiple items without placing them in the bagging area. 

Regrettably, knowing that self checkout machines as good as the ones in Waitrose actually exist has completely destroyed my patience with other, lesser, machines.
Please write them a letter. I did this when they upgraded our local and it was atrocious. The more complaints they get, maybe the more likely they are to do something about it!
The new Co-op ones are awful too. My local has two self-service and two (though usually one) staffed checkouts. Everyone now queues for the staffed ones because it's faster to queue and have the staff do it than use the self-service ones.
yeah man - they just changed them near me and they are shite. so slow. like so much worse than what they had before. Sainos!! You are killing me!!
The software is awful, but the main headline here is that they FINALLY HAVE CONTACTLESS! 
Yay, new contactless terminals! Boo, *diabolical* new software. 
Still no contactless too.
Our local CoOp has recently had them fitted and they rarely work properly. 2 weren't giving the right change earlier which was great
I'm just happy they added contactless, now it's way easier for me to walk in early in the morning and get some milk for my tea and be able to pay with my phone. 
Sainsbury's Manchester Piccadilly has the old self service UI but accepts contactless, but the one 100 yards away on the station approach has the new crappy one and it really bugs me
Mine has contact payments now!
Im used to soullessly checking out without having to think about where I put my finger but I currently lack the muscle memory to do so on the new machines! I have to *look* and *think* about what Im doing its awful.
I love how companies thing 10 year old hand-me-down computer systems using windows XP can suffice a touch screen system. I really apologise (I work for M&S though but on the Self-checkouts), I know how slow they are due to how old the software is, they're beyond in need of an actual hardware/software in most places.
You can paint a turd any color you like, it's still running on an Inturd Penturd-um 4 with half a turd of Random Access Turd
Killermont Street, Glasgow.

I counted 6 taps before it finally let me pay with card. Sainsburys are the only supermarket to make their machines *worse* with an update.
It is positively disastrous. I go to the vestry road/Camberwell one and its slow as hell, but when I'm in. Leatherhead, its the old quick style.
If it is any consolation.  Coles in Australia have also. Now I have to think about what buttons I press.
After repeated trouble with supermarket self-checkouts, I made the decision not to use them until they were far more reliable.

Of course, as I don't actually use them, I will never know if, by some miracle of corporate software design, they ever Do become far more reliable. This dilemma does not bother me in the slightest.
This isn't a problem, this makes me feel posh like I've got one of those flash taps that controls the temperature.

I feel like a king when I pour my morning Orange Squash, no wasting water for me!
TIL the word "garrulous". Thanks, OP!
Worked at Asda for years. Will do pretty much all I can now to avoid human interaction. 
I love a good natter at a checkout. I wish more of our cashiers were friendly and talkative
When I was little Pat didn't have a helicopter, bloody privitisation.
Seems to be some requirement of kids TV that the locals are amazingly thick and irresponsible. Fireman Sam lives in a town full of arsonists.

Can you imagine what a kids TV show about a local doctor would be like?
I wish they'd stop remaking classic children's television programmes; Bob The Builder, Fireman Sam, Thunderbirds and even Postman Pat. I understand they want to appeal to the audience of today, but kids of that age don't care, they just love the characters. Also, it just annoys the parents when they have to watch slightly ruined versions of their childhood.
Amazon Now Pat.
Adventure Bay would be vastly safer and quieter if they just replaced their mayor.
YES! I did this today. Tea everywhere. I'm so glad I'm not alone in this. 
Tell them it hurts to jump the queue. 
You should shop at Sainsbury's. It's a perfect match.
Cashier: Use the contactless if you want too!

Me: Don't have it yet. Sorry.

Cashier:...

*5 minutes of awkward silence and annoyed coughs from the rest of the queue as I key in my pin number to dip into my overdraft for the 15th time this month*

I have it but the 3 months it takes to come out your account is perpetuating. 
Android pay is always an option 
I just pay cash.

I got 3 contactless cards and everything. Prefer paying cash - easier to budget that way. You get your money out for the week and that's got to last you til the next week.

Good way to save and stop impulse purchasing.
Old people who are hell bent on not using contactless yet complain when their chip and pin transaction is taking too long
Apple pay. Life saver.
Yeah but chip and pin is immensely more safe than contactless.
Just got my new card on Friday, I'm sure at some point the novelty will wear off but for the time being it's great!
Card has it but it doesn't work... Use Android pay instead...
What a first world citizen problem.

Try using a poorly configured German or US "chip and signature" card in the UK if you want to have some real fun. Seeing the card reader display "Remove card and hand to operator" - oh the awkwardness!
Even more so when the store clerk meticulously compares the signature on your card to what you have scrawled on the receipt (and asks for ID to add insult to injury), or swears at you for having swiped the card (even though you duly dipped it).

Worst of it all is that those cards will usually be accepted at rail ticket machines without any identification at all. So anyone can readily buy a fancy and pricey rail ticket with a lost/stolen card unless it's been cancelled.
So you use contactless every other time? You never spend more than £30 at a time in a shop? Ever?
This happens to me all the time at the pub. All my mates have contactless but, when it comes to me, muggins here has to say "it's not contactless" followed by an arsy look from the bar staff
I'm waiting for it to have better protection than "we promise you can only spend £30 a day" like, prompt me for a PIN every time or something.

Just need someone with a dodgy corner shop, hacked reader & a decent aerial - get everyone that's going past :P
"Tonight, on Antiques Roadshow, we get an exceptionally rare & mint condition discovery. Stay tuned to find out more".
Stop teasing us OP, post a picture
Pics or it didn't happen
Here's an old (but never used) Tesco bag I have.. http://imgur.com/a/v3ILj

It's from a time when the vertical blue stripes weren't consigned to one per letter and when the typeface was more serif-y. 

Bonus bag from when Sainsbury's were making life taste better: http://imgur.com/a/Tflfw
I still have a packet of Somerfield chicken cup soup in my cupboard.

It's probably long past being edible, but I just can't throw it away.
They not got blue stripes now?
My parents are clearing out the loft and brought round all my old My Little Pony toys in an old red and silver 80s Argos bag. I might eBay the bag and keep the ponies. 
They changed them?
Given that more modern bags are biodegradable I bet early ones that have survived become collectable.
There's always [Christmas FM](https://christmasfm.com)... It's fairly smooth... I doubt they'd play any Pansy Division..
What!

I'm getting a new car in 2 weeks and it'll have a DAB radio.

This was the thing I was most looking forward to.

Thanks Smooth you've ruined my Xmas.
Not a single person I know would call the house phone. If it rings it's either spam or Virgin trying to upsell me more shit. 
It's been unplugged.
I don't even have a landline as part of my broadband package anymore. 

The gas and electric companies still seem perplexed when they ask me for my landline number and I tell them I don't have one. 
People who call my house phone are:

My mother in law.

PPI spammers.


People who ring the house phone: Crazy psycho axe murderers who want to threaten me by creepily whispering down the phone, and my nan.
Someone thinks our phone number is his. We get calls from debt collectors and takeaways mostly.
House phones still exist? since when? I've not had a house phone in years
Must be nice to have a fucking mobile signal inside the house! Bastards!
I have one purely to call taxis because my local taxi line has one of those 'to order a taxi now, press 1' things so I don't have to speak to an operator, but it doesn't work on a mobile phone (obviously). Bliss.
I'm basically at the point now where i#m ready to instantly hang up when the house phone goes because 99% of the time it's cold callers/automated messages.

Only reason i've still got the phone is because stupidly it's cheaper to have the phone in a package with Virgin Broadband & TV than it is without it.
I ditched mine a month back - now care of mobile and VOIP I can answer or ignore without having to wonder who it might be.  Not in the phone book? Say hello to the answerphone.
If it happens at my house - ignore it, it's spam or a wrong number. If it happens at my parents/family home - answer that shit quick because someone has probably died.
God bless fibre optic and no need for telephones
It was probably

"I am from Microsoft in California, I am calling you because you have a virus on your computer."
Must be nice to have a fucking mobile signal inside the house! Bastards!
I don't even have a house phone. I don't think under 40 or so bothers any more do they?

When I go to my parents house they seem to be interrupted every couple of hours by someone flogging PPI compo, an Indian Microsoft scammer or a dead line.
You can look on the box to see what its weight is listed as, and compare the price to other chocolates by weight
I've got two 400gr ones for Christmas. And a 360gr one I will palm off on the boy for his stocking. He can prise my forty grammes out of my cold, dead hands.
I bought a hundred gram one today, the pieces seemed the normal distance apart. 
You'll probably need a new car. Before tomorrow. 
Tell him next time you're running really late for something. And if he's british enough he won't mind, and you can be on your way. 
What on earth were you thinking? 
Get them on your policy now. It's only a matter of time.
Or worse, drive past pretending to not notice him, only for them to walk past & nod as you are stuck in traffic, only to meet them again & again en route to work.
Your gonna have to give him a lift all the time now otherwise you'll look like a right shit!! 
when you see him waiting next and lock eyes with him as you drive past
Isn't there a law against that kind of thing?  I'm sure I can find you some text that says Theresa May recently banned such practice. 
I'd love to see how you shit 'in' a digestive. 
The Nativity play. One of the worst forms of torture that mankind has developed. Thank God that you only have to endure it a couple of times I your lifetime. I pity teachers they have to go through it every year.
£50 to take your kids out of school early but you save £400 on your holiday.
It's not the £1 fee is too expensive for them, it's the £1 fee is being used to give muslim kids books in arabic or punjabi they're upset about

It's the perfect daily mail storm
"FAR LEFT schools not content with the death of YOUR religion (and diana) EXTORT christmas spirit BY CHARGING ENTRANCE FEES to see THEIR CHILDRENS PLAY to fund ISLAMIC textbooks, will this give you CANCER?"
I thought Nativity Plays always had a ticket fee?
Eh the teachers have to pay for their christmas party somehow. 
It's the principle of fining you for treating your kid to a break in the monotony of life not the amount of the fine
how? is it a breej or summat?
Brid-grrrr?
Just say something the next time you see them. They will be ridiculously flattered you cared and remembered.
Someone said hello to me on Thursday but I was looking the other way and listening to who I was with talking so I had no clue. Even though she realised and said hello I still feel the need to track him down and personally apologise.
TBH I can see why they might not be happy, they have chosen to live their life trying to protect animals (to an extent). they are now basically forced to interact with something that has been (very partially) created through the harm of animals.
Great, now that line of coke wasn't technically vegan.
if any vegetarians / vegans dont want them, i'll have them
 
Personally I think they should be made from the rendered tallow of freshly roasted bankers. 
They'll just have to ask for change in coins then, to be on the safe side.
Depends on what kind of animal it is.  If it's pig fat, then that could affect more than just vegetarians.  
I'm a vegetarian, and I think there's far too much hype over it in all honesty. Yeah, it's not great and surely they could have used something better, but it's not exactly the "mass discrimination" issue it's made out to be IMO.

Ask for change in pound coins or use card?

If it were something I was eating I'd feel more strongly, but there's no way to tell where money has been anyway - any old fiver might have been held by greasy bacon fingers. It's a trace of a byproduct, making the most of something that would otherwise be wasted. If they were killing animals purely for making £5 notes then yes, I'd be pissed, but a trace amount of something that'd be thrown away in the makeup of the plastic, although not great news, is not equivalent force feeding a ham sandwich to everyone who avoids meat, from my perspective at least.
They do?  I'm a veggie and didn't know this.

I won't be giving any of my fivers away, because I can't afford to.
I've got a suspicion this may be the tip of the iceberg. I bet a huge number of things made from polymer pellets will turn out to involve tallow somewhere in the manufacturing process.
I'm a veggie, not that bothered but I'd like to know that I can lick and chew my fivers *if* I chose to.  
I'm not vegeterian, but I've had to post this like 10 times.

It's not abotu "eating" them, if you're vegeterian because you don't want animals killed for our use, why would you support the use of their fat
I will buy your tainted non vegan five pound notes for £2.50. There will be a 50p admin charge per note and a 50 postage charge per note. 

Exchange ten notes at once and I'll throw in free postage!
Everything has animal products in it ffs. Shampoo has animal products. 
Edit- enlighten me to why I'm being downvoted?
Will it include itself?
I hear this year's Newswipe roundup will just be Charlie Brooker sitting at his desk screaming for an hour. Looking forward to it!
Newsmop 2016 presented by Barley Chucker including interviews with Larry Chickpeas and Penelope Crunk.....
Is 90 minutes really long enough?
If they include that bloody gorilla I'll.... write a strong letter
Charlie Brooker's doing a 2016 wipe, we'll have a Big Fat Quiz of the year, why are Channel 5 even trying?

Oh yeah, because it's dirt cheap telly to get D list celebs talk bollocks between old TV clips.
Wait, I thought That's what's been on for the the last 11 months?

Only 90 minutes? 
It lays down the gauntlet for length for Charlie Brooker.
And the vast majority of it will be idiot 'celebrities' nobody has heard of giving their opinions on the deaths of people vastly more important than they'll ever be as if anyone gives a fuck what they think.
90 minutes might not even cover the obits!
I was going to list all the shitty programs channel 5 have but realised when I got to "Benefits" there wasnt enough ink in the internet to write them all down. 

Here were some of the highlights

A and E, when patients attack

Angry Britain

Asbo and proud

Benefits

Benefits britain: life on the dole

Benefits by the sea

Benefits and bypasses

Budgies make you laugh out loud
I'm kind of concerned about how are they going to fit everything in 90 minutes?
Seriously, does anyone watch Channel 5?
I hope they wait until 2017 to broadcast it because if they show it with 2 weeks of 2016 left to go the way 2016 has been will mean that there will be all sorts of shit happening in those last two weeks. 
90 minutes? So basically a montage. 
So... it'll be like a 90 minute rendition of Billy Joel's 'We didn't start the fire' that just degenerates into sobbing and wailing after about two minutes?

Seems about right.
2016 has not just been about the bad things, it's also been about the totally unexpected; Leicester winning the premiership, Cubs winning Baseball World Series, Brexit.   Trump winning falls into both categories.
Channel 5 have an archive of content from 2016 and 90 minutes to fill. It is another cheap to produce programme in the vein of such tosh as Channel 4's ['Is Our Weather Getting Worse?'](http://www.channel4.com/programmes/is-our-weather-getting-worse). 
Just wait till Charlie Brookers 2016 wipe
I'm sorry but 90 minutes is just enough time to  get through the  Donald Trump palava....they're gonna need to make it much longer to fit in all the crap 2016 has thrown our way
damn current year!
What exactly is bad about it? A few celebrities died? It's been no worse than any other year. No major natural disasters. 
Cunts.

I was brought up in Lincolnshire and love them sausages. Although I eat vegetarian ones so as not to consume whatever literal shit was in the pigs' tubes. And also their minced pig arseholes.
Just as a point of interest, can you riot on your own?
To think people still prefer sausages over chipolatas
Sorry mate, wrong sub: you're looking for r/britishsuccess
You can probably get a refund online
As horrifying as the concept is you should call and complain. They'll likely refund the sausage cost leaving you with free Pork and Apple sausages which are marginally more palatable.
A bus driver once called me a prick for paying with a ten. The fare was £6.70.... The fuck.
I wouldn't have thought it's illegal, but I would certainly be complaining about that to the bus company.
Thankfully I haven't been on a bus for about 7 years but it was cheaper to get a day ticket than my town centre in a small town, that was around £5.70 I'd imagine you wouldn't get much left with £10 now
Sweater?! Sweater????!!!!!  Jumper FFS
> sweater

GET HIM BOYS!
Ironing is one of those shitty things that some people feel obliged to do just because somebody else does it. If nobody did, nobody would notice.
I know this pain well
I'm wearing an un-ironed shirt under my jumper as I type this.

It's my go too in the winter, saves me literally minutes in the morning!
There are a number of solutions to this dilemma:

1. Get a suit jacket/blazer from a shop like Topman. They are quite cheap so the material is really thin and you don't melt underneath, you look pretentiously smart while hiding the fact you are incompetently lazy

2. Black shirts - you really cant tell

3. Shirts with complex patterns - pretend the creases are part of said patterns

4. Get promoted and use the extra money to pay someone to iron your shirts

Don't listen to that guy who said iron your shirts, that's bad advice.
If you've been wearing a jumper (and coat) over an ironed shirt, it'll probably be all crumpled anyway. So take it off and if you get any funny looks, swear blind that you ironed it.
Implying I iron my work clothes, ha ha

I iron my social clothes though.
Who irons shirts In this day and age? Must be posh...
First off, as everyone else has said, it's a jumper.

Second, iron your blooming shirts you stayabed layabout! 
Just but a little tiny bit more of fabric conditioner (or loads) into every wash it works like magic and hanging your clothes  instead of folding them down helps as well. 
Wear a plastic jumper and then the heat and sweat will steam out any creases. By afternoon you'll look like you've just put it on fresh from the ironing board. 
[This informative video](https://youtu.be/DGscoaUWW2M) should help your mum find out which paper would suit her best.
No worse than the stench of bullsh*t from the Daily Mail
Other papers ink smell bad sounds like a daily mail article
I congratulate you.
She's doing it wrong
At least yours tried, mine's been stubbornly reading the same shite for decades.
It's because she's used to the Mail, which is written in shit.
The guardian? So your just switching her from one bias newspaper to an even more bias newspaper, 
There's a class of British woman that's become tut-happy. They tut everything.
Well I mean she might have missed the apology or was so started at nearly being run into that the tut came out before she had time think. Calling her a bitch is a bit much though. Jog On. 
Get home and put a bad spell on her so she wakes up with big nasty zit on her forehead! 
The correct procedure is to call in sick, you're not on leave if you're sick. A doctor's note would help but you'll probably be OK in 2 weeks when the next appointment comes up.
Better than in a tree! It's like dog owners are trying to decorate park tree branches with bags of their animals shit. Disgusting.
Was the bus broken?
Was walking to work in London and saw a lady with a huge dog stop, wait for it to poop, bend down to pick it up, carefully tie the bag up and then drop it right where she was standing and walk away. Why the fuck does someone go to the effort of picking up the shit and then just drop it where they stand?! Fucking carry it to a bin at least! Drives me extra mad because I like to think of myself as a considerate dog owner and will trapse across a field to find the pooh my dog has left in order to pick it up and end up carrying a bag around for almost an hour before I can find a bin to put it in. 
I was on the train yesterday and as it pulled in to its next stop, I witnessed a man yank his dog's chain in a hurry only for the dog to spontaneously shit on the platform, and continue to shit as it moved. 
Part time work with a happy ending? Working for the council investigating all the massage job offers that get stuck to the noticeboard in the corner shop.
Shame he wasn't a Vietnam veteran, he'd have had his fair share of happy endings
More proof that retiring is somehow worse than working a job you hate  
So dreadfully sorry for making you apologise.
Ask him if he wants a big one?
Just ask him if he feels like a big boy who is ready for a big cup. 
Blimey, how long is he staying for? 
My mother always calls it "vino collapso", and to this day still thinks it is funny. 
My mum has and will always call it plonk. 
People around here do it all the time. Except they do it with a straight face.
Microwave.
Down it then make another cup you can actually enjoy. 

Although if he brought it to you too cold to begin with, you should probably tell him if it's a serious relationship. Don't want to spend ages getting cold tea!
*Loudly* "Excuse me, could you move your bag out of the aisle. We need to move down so other people can get on." Now they're the most hated person on the train. You put that blame exactly where it belongs.
Because ~~someone~~ an absolute tosspot.
You may wish to help them off the floor then...
Everyone is looking. Everyone is judging. For but a moment you are the most hated person in Britain. 
As someone with a massive bag on the floor last sunday, I'm dreadfully sorry!
Nah, they're just wankers.
Banging or 'banging'?
I had an odd misconception about Fireman Sam as a very young kid. Remember this part of the [theme tune](https://youtu.be/tDtlJU8e8v8?t=32s)?


*Driving down the busy street,*


*Greeting people that he meets,*


*someone could be in a jam,*


*So hurry hurry Fireman Sam*



I misheard 'greeting' as eating. I thought Fireman Sam was a cannibal and that this was totally ok. This was further reinforced by Bella handing him a suspicious looking brown bag at about 0.40 and the line *'someone could be in a jam'*. My young mind concluded that this must be his dessert. 













































































Guess that explains the Youtube series - https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=arson+sam
Are you a PE teacher? If so, Luther Vandross will probably meet expectations but you may want to push the boat out with some brass band covers of easy listening hits of the 1970s.
Just play take on me, everyone likes that song so nobody can judge you.
Richard Wagner. Ride of the Valkyrie followed by The Flying Dutchman followed by the March from Tannhauser. Can't go wrong.
If you're not playing eye of the tiger in that situation there's something wrong with you 
the answer is always "darude - sandstorm"
Mulan - Be A Man
Noisia - Dead Limit.  
Play it and reap the rewards.
And now everyone's judging you for not picking a specific song.  You just can't win! 
New Radicals - You only get what you give. 

Although, Eye of the Tiger as suggested is probably the choice of champions. 
Didn't they have chariots of fire?
The correct answer is [Triple-Q](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1zeoDrN2Lo), something for everyone!

(note: probably not correct answer).
I'd put on metal. Yes, you'd be judged. But judged as a devil horn waving, guitar shredding, bass drum beating **beast**.

Which is likely better than the alternatives.
"Who put that there?"
That is Tim Wonnacott from Bargain Hunt.
Thanks, I'm now following Blake Lively on Instagram, nothing to  do with your comment, you just reminded me how fit she is.
Is there any reason you should know what Theodore Roosevelt looks like?

FDR perhaps — because of Yalta etc.
I'm still waiting for the time when only one person gets through with £0. 

I imagine when that happens, they just re-shoot the episode. But I still want to see it happen.
This happens at least once a week though.
thats not as bad as some who dont stub it first, and drop it in, lighting the paper on all of the fag ends already contained within and making the whole damn thing billow smoke. have had to put a few of those out with bottles of water.
At least they're not throwing it on the floor.
Wow you messed up that title.
I confess, it is of little wonder that quite of you non-smokers really hate us smokers on sight because of those among us who do stuff like this. I know it is of little consolation, but as a smoker it annoys the p out of me when I go to put one out and discover fellow smokers have elected to construct an impromptu shrine of butts on the top.
I sometimes do this as I'm a bit concerned about creating a fire if the bin doesn't have a cigarette disposal on top. 
You didn't really need to include anything after the first word.
Picture yourself happily sitting on the bus, then 20 school girls get on.
The noise they make is amazingly loud. 
A group of Americans got on the bus today with their giant luggage and just blocked the middle of the bus completely.  One of them used an empty disabled seat to put her coat down and I saw another kick some rubbish at another passenger.

Then as everyone is trying to get off the bus at the station one of them tries walking against people and gets offended when people asked her to move.  I was livid!
And you just sits there calm counting the last hours of your life. 
I often get on a bus with lots of bags, I put them in the damn luggage storage bit.  Never had anything nicked, I think people are paranoid that someone's going to get off, and just before they do, grab a random bag of shopping and run off giggling.
Its worse on trains.
I ride a motorcycle, I hardly noticed as I struggled to start it, lost all feeling in my extremities and froze my testicles off on an ice covered seat.

Oh you had to scrape the windscreen? Cry me a river.
Guilty 
It's cos you get a snapchat trophy I think?
Surely we're within our rights to force Kraft to sell Cadburys back by now?
They've always been around all year haven't they? 
Inexplicably.
Not really, I thought it was only recently that they weren't available all year round.
I thought they did tests in the past where they actually sold more when then didn't sell them all year round.
I've got a step-ladder.  

I never knew my real ladder.
I was really hoping it was going to be an in-joke, and that the ladder would break.
Whilst giving the ugly light shade a good kicking
That was a pretty boring episode. 
I noticed this too, was hoping they'd mention it.
That feeling when you wake up and, because it's dark, have no idea if a) you were asleep and now it's morning b) you have woken up in the middle of the night or c) you took a nap at work without realising
Indeed. My school finishes at 3:45 and it's pitch black by the time I get home at around 5. Such is life.
Not long to go through – it starts getting lighter again at about December 10.
The only benefit of the horrendous early mornings I have for work, im home by 2 and get to see the sun for a bit! 
I worked at Sainsbury's at uni and that was awful I'd get in whilst it was dark and there was no windows so I'd never see sunlight! 
Get vitamin D supplements, it's made a real difference 
[deleted]
Counter-point: I did the same thing (well, full sim to nano) and they didn't charge me anything.
I went into a Three shop and they did it it for free.
Wait until your contract is up and tell them they can shove their service.  They'll give you anything they can to keep you on.
You can just take a pair of sharp scissors to your SIM card to trim it down - I've gone from a full to micro to nano and it still works, plus saves you having to wait for the new one to arrive.
I did that on 3 as a payg customer. I couldn't be bothered going through customer services so I just ordered a new sim for free. I guess they're treating me as a new customer.
I did the same thing and they replaced it for free
You're only allowed your fog lights on if visibility is below 100m. It almost never is. 
I'm English and I'd never even heard of it. I looked it up and it looks good. Anything with Lenny Henry usually is, and Rowan Atkinson if he's in Blackadder mode rather than Mr. Bean. I never could get into Mr. Bean.
I've got to know the receptionist over the years to the point I went to uni for 3 years came back and needed a check up so just called up went "Hi  (receptionist name) can I get an appointment?" To which she just replied "oh hi highflyingpigeons your back from uni, hope it went well, the doctor can see you tomorrow"

So yeah worth it to get to know them.....I mean I was waiting half an hour extra because of the shitty gp's but still 
Out of general curiosity how do you get pally with the receptionist?

Maybe you're sick a lot, I hope not ,  but I  think I last visited the GP in 2013 and they have a touch screen thingumy so you book yourself in, no need for any human interaction

I am going to tell myself you live in a lovely little village where everyone knows one another and you see the receptionist in your local every Friday 

In my imagination you are called George and you drink in the Rose and Crown on Primrose  Lane.
The friendly receptionist is called Mary Ann and she works for Dr Wallace who comes from a long line of medical men.

Please do not spoil this lovely scenario.
"No, its personal".
>"Imagine a world where temperatures rise to 120 degrees fahrenheit"

No David, I can't do that, because I don't know what it means!
Time to rename the boat back to *Boaty McBoatFace*.
His generation all used farenheit. It's fine.
It's  allowed cuz he's old. 

My mum and dad still use Fahrenheit - they look at me like a pupper trying to figure out where you hid the chew toy when I say "oh it's gonna be *blah blah* Celsius today". They remember old money too - when there was thruppenie bits, hapennys and shillings. It's like talking a foreign language with them sometimes. 
Therefore proving his true Britishness by not using some johnny come lately foreign rubbish.
I bet he gets paid in guineas and sovereigns as well.  
I'm still reeling from Dick'n'Dom describing a Heath Robinson device as being "Rube Goldberg".
The Daily Mail was right! He is a sadist and a bastard!
It'll make [this twat](http://www.cambridge-news.co.uk/news/local-news/dereks-metric-campaign-brexit-sign-12223781) happy.
I'm sure Fahrenheit is an aftershave my dad used to wear.
And here I was thinking Celsius was the one metric measurement we had all fully embraced. 
FUCK.. What do we do now?!
Brexit is really hitting hard.
It's actually been annoying me a lot. He's been using imperial measurements throughout the show, which seems really out of place for a scientific programme. Jars a lot. 
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't disappointed. Come on David, I expect more.
I thought old people were allowed to still use it. Like 70+.

That's my rule anyway although both my nans managed to master celcius. And pounds sterling. And grams. And...ok Dave should know better. 
He's ours now, boys. Somebody get David his complimentary double cheeseburger and American flag shorts!
I saw his name on my front page, and my heart skipped a beat. 

He's one of my heroes. I think I can let using Farenheit slide this one time. 
TV shows always use Fahrenheit for when its hot and Celsius when its cold. It sounds more dramatic because the numbers are more extreme. 
Why would David hurt us like that? :(
When is Britain going to stop using Miles Per Hour?
How the hell can you guys criticize him when you use fucking stone to measure body weight?!
It's funny, I just put it on iPlayer and even though the shot was fantastic all I could thinks was why would he do that. Then I came on Reddit, thanks Attenborough. Shows even the best of us can make mistakes. 
Pretty sure that abolishing the metric system is why we voted for Brexit.
Ugh. That's worse than saying *centigrade*
I thought this and wept silently into my hobnob. I know he did it for effect but... David. Why? 
I thought we use Fahrenheit when somethings hot so we can make it seem more so.
Didn't the Queen use the word "soccer" once?

Spez: She didn't.
Did you notice how the Top Gear/Grand Tour guys are using KPH in the show now instead of MPH?

It's globalisation / selling out.
Sorry? What's wrong with using imperial measurements? 

The fact that we can interchangeably/randomly use two completely different units of measurements is one of the things that makes us great.

You'll be demanding that we sell beer in half litres next.
Deduct 30 and then half the result.
 
120°F = ~45°C
Actually, i noticed last week that he used MPH instead of the usual KPH. Nice that i didnt have to do a little mental conversion to know how fast an eagle can fly.
oh god
Was he travelling at the speed of light? Flying through the sky like a tiger defying the laws of gravity?
I thought he was talking about Mars.
why why why
Air time and channel? 
Brian Cox for PM
I was so upset when I noticed he had reverted to imperial units in previous episodes. I thought it was Brexit.
That's like Brooks T. Moore using Metric measurements while narrating How It's Made for the US.
Thanks Brexit 
The Bastard
Bot! Beep beep! I'm all about top posts!

This post had 5,000 upvotes and got posted to twitter [@Reddit5000](https://twitter.com/Reddit5000) and subreddit /r/reddit5000!

The tweet: https://twitter.com/Reddit5000/status/803179824701263873

--------------------

^^All ^^7,500 ^^upvotes ^^are ^^on ^^[@Reddit7500](https://twitter.com/Reddit7500) ^^and ^^/r/reddit7500

^^And ^^most ^^importantly ^^all ^^10,000 ^^posts ^^on ^^[@Reddit10000](https://twitter.com/Reddit10000) ^^and ^^/r/reddit10000
It doesn't even air on my cable in the U.S..
such a sad moment in history, rip
Anyone over 50 born and raised in the UK still thinks in Fahrenheit.
See also pounds and ounces - only old gits and drug dealers.
To a certain extent, feet and inches too.  I always mentally convert metres into yards so that I can visualise it easier, but I find centimetres ok for anything under a foot.
Watched planet earth until the claim that polar bears are drowning. 

Squint eyes, stop watching. 
Having been in the UK for a month now I've seen metric used for most things, imperial used for some things.  Just seems to be at the preference of whoever is using it.

And no one here smiles.  That's weird.
He's really gone downhill after the Boaty McBoatface fiasco
To my Grandparents, they might consider celcius an awful European intrusion into Imperial units...
It's the British way Fahrenheit for hot temperatures and Celsius for cold, that way we can exaggerate the weather  
KELVIN OR BUST
Gosh don't tell the daily mail, whatever you do just don't tell em'        
             
      
*Imagine the headline*         
          
        
             
**"DAVID ATTENBOROUGH DECLARED AN ENEMY OF THE BRITISH EMPIRE FOR USING THE GASTLY FAHRENHEIT. TRAITOR!!!!!"**
Everyone knows you use Fahrenheit if its hot and Celsius if its really cold.
you used a semicolon in a headline - bit American
PLEASE can someone tell me... are some of those birds computer generated? They look so fake!
British Problems. people in GB account for less than 25% of the english (first language) speaking world.
I, too, was mortified. However, we then got to see a giraffe kick a lion. I don't know how to feel right now. This series is a roller-coaster. 
Ah, well. I hear differently from others.
Well, (depending on your age) he is of our grandparents' generation. How many of our grandparents use the newfangled Celsius?
"*One of us... One of us... Ones of us*" - me, a filthy yank
What are you talking about. He is using Fahrenheit in the one traditional British context- making something hot sound even fucking hotter. We always use Celsius until it starts getting near 100 Fahrenheit- then we spend the heatwave saying "fuck me it's nearly 100 degrees!" Then we return to Celsius like sensible people. In this context, 120 Fahrenheit sounds SERIOUSLY HOT in a way that 50c doesn't. 
[Word cloud out of all the comments.](http://i.imgur.com/wXsHnrJ.png)

I hope you like it
Don't forget David was raised in pre-decimalisation Britain where Fahrenheit was the temperature scale of choice.
I use F for high temperatures and C for low when referring to the weather.  Always have.

But then, by Reddit standards, being 43, I'm as old as time.
The British way is to use celsius when it's s cold and Fahrenheit when it's hot. 
Except you know Fahrenheit is more useful for measuring typical weather ranges than celcius. More precise per degree. Zero represents the normal lowest temperature and 100 is about the highest. Celcius is obviously better for science but isn't really necessary for the everyday person.
To be fair, given his age, he would have grown up using Fahrenheit to measure temperature.
He's showing his support for leaving the EU by rejecting their silly measurements.
Success surely?  Using the scale we used long before centigrade and is still used.
I'm sorry, is there a problem with Attenborough using FREEDOM units?
[deleted]
Metric is better than imperial, but I prefer the finer granularity of Fahrenheit. 37 degrees Celsius is healthy body temperature. 37 degrees Celsius is also a fever. 98 .vs 100 degrees just sounds better.
Guys you just voted about this six months ago.
Ther's one measurement that put men on the moon and there's one that didn't.
Fahrenheit would be correct, we shouldn't be using this continental Celsius rubbish.
Fahrenheit is the one imperial/customary unit that's better than metric. Celsius sucks for everyday use. Its degrees are too big and you have to use negative numbers all the time. It's not even actually good for science since you can't compare temperatures like you can with Kelvin. 
i never understood why you Brits don't have our  back on Fahrenheit.  You guys use stone, which is by far the most ridiculous unit.
BOW DOWN TO OUR MORE ACCURATE UNIT OF MEASURE
Fahrenheit is technically more accurate, although it still makes no sense relative to any temperature thresholds. 
British use both Celsius and Fahrenheit. Fahrenheit when it's hot to make the number more dramatic and celsius when it's colder to dramatize those numbers
It's not that difficult dude! The temperature T in degrees Celsius (°C) is equal to the temperature T in degrees Fahrenheit (°F) minus 32, times 5/9
oh fuck off you stupid cunts invented that scale.
"Yeah sorry I forgot the bus could sprout wings and fly over traffic dragging its meaty cock along the rooftops of the cars leaving a slimy trail as it goes"
you did that up my way you would be thrown off the bus
They're selling drugs.
Sort of in this vein, I once heard a fairground/carousel version of 'The Sound of Silence' at a seaside amusements once. To say it was creepy was a bit of an understatement. 
I cant remember the last time I seen a tally van round my way. :(
I've always wondered what ice cream van sellers do in the winter?! Surely they don't turn over that much in the summer to take the winter off? Someone enlighten me!!
Yeah, the one round here mostly comes at night. Mostly.
As I read comments I just realised that I was buying drugs at wrong places my whole life.... 
He also sells drugs maybe?
Is he dressed as a clown? I feel like he should be dressed as a clown.
He's just nervous. Galloping knob rot will do strange things to psychology.
I hope he's there to be neutered.
I was once at a sexual health clinic and saw the receptionist flirting with a guy who had just come in for STD tests. 
Next time just burn the crabs off with a lighter.
You'd expect better from a Doctor.
Classy 
I think you'll find its reddit law that you tell us what disgusting, oozing disease you've picked up from your terribly slutty ways.
Did it seem like they were there on a date?
Me too OP. Nervous af :s
Don't worry, There'll be a single tiny little bump on the A66 at some point and the whole of Teesside will grind to a halt for the next 3 months
Up the Boro. 

I'm just pleased I recognised a A-road. Carry on. 
Surely in this situation you return a wink and a little grind of your own ;)
"Air-tight on the central line" is the name of my new porn series.
It's an acceptable Oxbridgian pronunciation, strangely enough (second pronunciation here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don_Quixote)
OP needs to go find another windmill to tilt at...
Jeremy Paxman is rubbish at foreign pronunciation generally. French - mildly awful; Latin - embarrassingly pedestrian;  German - catastrophically poor.

Mind you, even the Radio 3 announcers are rubbish at German these days. Obviously, they just can't get the staff.
What's worse is The Man of La Mancha had Peter O'Toole in it and because he wasn't a singer they dubbed his singing with someone who sounded pretty much as you would have got if he'd done it himself.
I fully doubt that.
Do you have YouTube for this critical Swingometer?
One of my more 'fun' tasks was doing delay analysis on a selection of buses in Manchester for a week.

Spending the whole day going back and forth on the same route, sitting at the front of the bus with a stopwatch writing down how long we were stuck in traffic and for what reason.           
This was also done in the lead up to Christmas so it was freezing and I had to keep wiping the window to see anything.
Fucking Transport in Manchester is fucking Fucked.

Last Tuesday it took me 2 hours for a 1 hour Journey to the Centre (7:30 to 9:30) and on the way out at 16:00 it took me 2 hours 53 minutes to get home. AND IT COST £20.40 to Fucking PARK!
Oh my god it's horrendous.

The trams are delayed all the fucking time and, whilst I appreciate the efforts with the cycle lanes and that, it feels like constant roadwork around the universities now.

WHY do we not have some sort of underground? Or even bloody plans to build one. How's that for some worthwhile investment spending? I'm sick of sitting in one of 30 buses backed up end-to-end in to or out of the city centre.
Tonight I was stuck on Deansgate looking like a right wally waiting for the X41 to pick me up and take me home. Got there in time for the bus that left Chorlton St at 18:20 to be picked up at 7:30 by the bus driver who'd left Chorlton St at 17:55 o_O  
  
Now I'm not saying the roadworks at St Peters Square are bad, or that the traffic on Deansgate between the hours of 4pm and 7pm is so fucking ridiculous I'd be ok with banning cars from Manchester City Centre altogether but...
I stayed in Prestwich for a week, and the buses there were rather awful I must admit. Back and forth between Manchester and Bury on a near daily basis. I don't know if the buses were better than the metro, but on the plus side, they didn't accuse me of theft or whatever on the bus
Manchester bus services have to count as one of the worst I've ever encountered. Can't tell you how many times I've got to the bus stop at twenty past three in the morning to get the 192 at half past and then still be stood there waiting at quarter to before conceding that the bus will never in fact show up and I have to spend £15 on a taxi.
And always such a dry heat. Makes my skin itch 
Travelling on the tube is hell. I go from extreme cold to extreme heat within seconds and my coat is far too fiddly to be taking on and off so often. 
You need to take your coat off when you're indoors or you won't feel the benefit when you go outside.
Why do they do this? 
Just makes me buy what I went in for and leave.
They are missing out on my wandering around buying crap I don't want.
It isn't hard... all they have to do is set the temperature to try and maintain 21 to 23°C, the bog standard zone for comfort, irregardless of if it is summer or winter. If it is too hot then the AC will lower to 22, and if it is too cold it will heat to 22. Its not rocket science.

I measured my carriage on SW Trains last night at 30°C, and all their customer service line could say was (paraphrased) "Tough, it's set at depot and they can't change it".
That's the way pop music works... 
I did like some of his old songs, but his latest songs have been awful.

Plus, the "Party Like a Russian" Music Video was so cringe-worthy.
He has the advantage of still being alive
bowie changed his sound. a lot. and people didn't always take to it. I don't see how this is a problem especially as he's still one of the top selling artists ever
So. That's how the charts work. 
Robbie's a great entertainer, Bowie was one of the greatest artistic geniuses whose music did, does and always shall mean a lot to me, as for Elvis he be The King. Care not for lists and stats, just dig what you dig.
The general music buying public are sheep. They want background music.
Short back and sides. Number 2 and a trim on top. 
Classic story:

Old gentlemen walks into barbers and is seated. Barber asks: "How would Sir like his hair cut today?", to which the old gent replies **"In Silence"**.
You se, once you get to my age, you can just say "two on the sides, five on top" and then let them get on with it.
If they're new, I ask for an Inverse Mohican - I'm balding, so it goes down really well!
"like that but less so"
As a man struggling with male pattern baldness, all I can say is "can you make it look slightly thicker"  
Do you struggle to choose which socks to wear, too?
> Barber

> her

What you have yourself there is a hairdresser.
Square or tapered? 
"just fuck my shit up"
Just trim it and I'll tip if you don't make awkward small talk with me 

Your mate is a cunt
Middle lane hoggers are dangerous. That's all there is to it.
What's more dangerous is popping in and out of the inside lanes for dicks going at 60/65 I go at a constant 70 so I go inside you wanna break the law and go faster you have a lane to over take me 
The worst part is, more people will take offence to the word poof. But won't bat an eyelid at him calling abuse victims weak.
What's happened exactly? It's all over twitter but I can't make head nor tail of it. 
"...like...a bungalow?"
Apartment - perfectly good English term for a connected suite of rooms. It's in Johnson's dictionary. Fell out of general usage in the UK while being lovingly preserved in the USA.

Flat - nasty 19th century neologism meaning apartment (not in Johnson). Inexplicably identified as somehow being the more cromulent word by many Brits.
Apartment indicates you have a job,  
flat says you're renting from the council,  
penthouse means you're stinking rich and can afford to have your premium hiked up,  
Condominium.....
There is a block of flats in Lincoln that insist on calling themselves apartments. From what I can see the only difference is they cost a lost more and have underground parking. Still got a shitting little open plan kitchen diner, like. 
2nd Floor of a Castle next time ?
The bigger problem for me, is who renews by phone??? Surely you get an e-mail from them, click a link, and your credit card gets charged?

Reminds me of the days before the Internet, though, and before comparison sites. When I first learned to drive in the 1990s, you used to pick half a dozen random insurance companies from Yellow Pages and phone each of them for a quote. Then you'd phone back the cheapest one to accept their quote. One year I just randomly started flirting with the salesgirl. Phoned her back to buy the insurance (she wasn't the cheapest, but she was the second-cheapest, and only a couple of quid more for the year than the cheapest), and nearly managed to arrange a date. She agreed at first, we swapped details and even arranged a place and time, but she backed out at the last minute, but it's still a lot closer than I've ever come to getting a date from a comparison website!
"Apartment? You mean a flat I presume?"
A house suggests off-road (driveway) parking, an apartment/flat does not.
The former is considered less risk.
Careful, don't let the locals hear you talking smack about TimTams.
Boil water in a pan and make a cup from that. Take the kettle out of the equation.

If its still tasting crappy bring out the big guns - Ringtons, Yorkshire or Assam teabags
Tooth, gum or throat infection as even if very subtle can ruin your taste buds?
> It all just tastes like warm, slightly gross water

#

> I've tried Tetley and PG Tips

#

> Sugar

#

Found your problem(s).
We have this problem at work. I'm convinced ours is down to the dishwasher but others think it's the sugar.
Whilst you may not be able to taste them in a neat glass of water, various alkaloids must be in the supply to result in those tastes.
Is there something wrong with the water or is the kettle calcified? 
You've probably got a brain tumour.
This for some reason reminds me that one episode of Invader Zim where everything the girl eats tastes like hot dogs...
Someone's done a shite in the kettle
Have you cleaned your kettle? 
Did you start using a different sort of teabags? It may be doing unexpected things with your water, hence the weird taste.

Best of luck though, old pal. I'll have a cuppa in solidarity with you.
Are you in Birmingham? 
Get yourself a personal kettle and keep it in your room. A mini fridge for milk would also not go amiss. That way you don't have to share any of your tea making facilities with other student barbarians. 
It's probably the fact you use shit teabags. Try Yorkshire tea or Twinings Assam blend. Your wallet won't thank me for that suggestion, but you probably will.
The worst thing is taking a bus for the first time and catching one that doesn't announce its stops. 
Station road is closed? Maybe the station is closed? Maybe society is closed!! HEEEEEEELP
Everybody starts looking around, checking tickets, staring at each other but nobody says a thing.
That moment it turns onto the wrong main road and you accept your fate. 
Is it just me, or did I just see this exact thing here on /r/britishproblems or /r/UK a few weeks ago?
This is why I find it handy to have a copy of *Magical Mystery Tour* on my phone to play through speakers just for that very occasion.
Yes! This happened the other night and this guy who lives a few streets away from me and who I vaguely know (enough to say hello, but not enough to start chatting) and I exchanged a mildly worried/confused look when the bus driver went the wrong way.
Unless it's the school bus, then everyone celebrates.

Heh. I remember when I was in secondary school and we had a green driver. Gave him all the wrong directions and went on a jolly tour all around the local area. Turned up at school finally about 30 mins late. That was a good day.

Couldn't do that today.
Why did you have to remind me of that feeling? :(
Stand next to him and offer encouragement throughout
Keep mentioning your husband won't be home for hours, and keep finding reasons to reach for things on high shelves (or low cupboards) near him.

Continuously apologise for not having time to get dressed this morning, as those big strong manual workers insist on arriving at the door so early - you're barely out the shower!
Just ask 'did you see that ludicrous display last night?'
Just let him get on with it.  They won't want you lingering around, so just say "I'll be downstairs/upstairs/in whatever room if you need me"
Look over his shoulder and take notes. 

And just keep saying 'don't mind me, just taking notes so i can do it myself next time'.


I switch on my laptop and pretend I'm doing something productive (occasionally I do send a few emails!).
Well on Peep Show they annoyed the guy to the point where he knocked the door off. So I'd recommend leaving them to it. 
Make tea every hour, on the hour, and offer chocolate biscuits.
This is why people used to have feather dusters. 
Offer them a cup of their preferred beverage and tell them where you'll be if they need you. 
"I'll be around the house just give me a shout if you need anything, kettles through there, biscuits are in the tin, doughnuts are on the counter"

Then go do whatever you were doing. Preferably not loudly wanking.
i can never sit down when one is over. i feel like i have to stand up, idk why
I generally tell the letting agent to let him in, take the day off (I work from home) and go sit in the local library and read.
You offer them a drink, and slip in to something more comfortable, then ask if they need any help with their tool. ..well that's how it goes in the movies I've seen online anyway.
Walk around naked to assert your dominance.

Whenever possible maintain all eye contact for at least 30 seconds after it begins to get uncomfortable, you need to make them look away first in order to maintain your position of alpha male in the house.
Wait... Essex, and Sainbury's having Contactless!? I was there only an hour ago, why didn't I notice this marvel!?
Only like a quarter of the shops have it so far.

We're a bigger store and the managers have no idea when it's coming but it's perpetually been "coming soon". 
I still pay cash.

No Visa you will not know I just bought some tinned mackerel and a pack of clubs!
The problem with leaves on the track is that it creates a mulch on the track which makes it difficult to brake. Most trains have a grit spray device which helps with traction for breaking and acceleration, but there needs to be some sort of plow device to remove the crap from tracks before the wheels touch them...like how a snow plow works.
It's almost like this Autumn thing doesn't happen every year. They could prepare for it that way!
Maybe a surprise will be better than eating the same thing every single week.
Who uses the phone in this post just eat world?!
I'm Scottish, working in England. I was given the responsibility of calling in a Chinese order from the foreign sounding guy for about 12 of us one night shift - that's just too much of a mix of accents - now there's food order nerves!
This annoys me, when your whole business model relies on people phoning you and relaying an order from a choice of several hundred menu items (many with unusual names) it seems common sense to employ someone who has a basic command of English!
Co op. Asda quality at Waitrose prices. 
M and s is cheaper than buying full price stuff in the co op. Some of the deals they have are good though. 
I'm glad you haven't got a gun.
Shut up and take my money
Still some fundraiser [Unknown Weathers](https://thetradesclub.greedbag.com/buy/unknown-weathers-t-shirt-grey-a/) t-shirts available here... make great Christmas presents :-)
Fuck yes. Buying now.
Surely a mental health charity should have got in on this before Oxfam??
Typical British showboating at a party; she was drunk and trying to do it over her shoulder (we've all been there!).

Very lucky he didn't lose an eye (...said the courtesan to the vicar).
One word. Raaaaaaa.
Could have at least cut his fingers off and spared us from more of his shite music.
Sounds like something straight out of "The Windsors".
These Turing bots aren't getting any more convincing
At least they've got rid of the twat of a kid
That advert will keep me from in gags for the n txt few weeks. Don't knock it.
All this peanut butter chocolate coming out and all I want is a Wispa Mint. That's one of the only ways I'll end my Cadburys boycott, the next being Kraft buggering off.
That's a lie and you know it.

Proof: Peanut butter kit-kat chunky
I haven't been disappointed with a peanut butter offering so far!
I hate peanut butter so I do not approve of this trend
Snickers are nicer versions of mars bars.
Can't have been that packed if you had a seat and your only problem was that it wasn't the best seat :p
I could probably pluck up the courage to move if I was on the tube, but it's even worse when you're on a bus or a train and you're at the window seat - then you have to ask the person to move as well.
Which seats are the better ones?! Any seat is a blessing for me!!
Were you both indulging in coitus at the time?
A student drinking a SOFT drink?!!!!! I thought you were all down the Student Union drinking subsidised beer.
Maybe someone increased the strength of your tap water?
I stopped drinking it for a few months, bought a bottle a couple of weeks ago and I'm struggling to pour a small enough amount in for it not to be incredibly strong.

So ... your tolerance guess may be correct.
Sounds like the old [horseradish problem](http://wiki.lspace.org/mediawiki/Horseradish_Sauce_Syndrome) to me.
Tell them what you'd like for Christmas?  A new and pricey kettle.
Fucking cunts.
That gives you the perfect excuse not to invite them round again.
Try the passive-aggressive approach. 'Accidentally' drop some honey or jam in the switch on their kettle at the next available opportunity.
I used to when I was a kid, and The Young One's episode didn't help.
Certainly.  

And when anyone buzzed, the whole structure - desks, players and all - rapidly zoomed towards the camera. 
I did as a kid, worked it out at some point which felt like it spoiled something about it
Pretty sure people only watch it now for spotting the future murderers and the token woman.
Yes - rather in the manner of Celebrity Squares.  Steps/stairs were somehow involved.

And yes, I realise that these programmes are polar opposites :o)
They're not? 
Well. TIL
No because I watch from the start.
You see them next to each other at the beginning, the end and several times throughout each episode. The only way you could think they weren't side by side is if you didn't actually ever watch it. 
They certainly used to be.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3HvchF49AM 

Not sure if they still are since Bamber Gascoigne quit.

Most marshmallows stuck up one nostril?
For a long time, yes :D
I won't lie I've only seen the young ones pisstake and yes I thought that was the layout.

I'm not middle class enough to watch normal university challenge, scumbag college all the way!
Maybe he has a vision impairment or something wrong with his eye.
He could have photosensitive epilepsy. Where I work there is a guy who has to wear sunglasses all the time or he will have a seizure
I have a visual disability and have to do this and if it helps, it makes me feel really self conscious. . 
So what? Mind your own business.
Hungover or stoned probably. 
I do this because my eyes are sensitive to bright light. Typically trains are very bright inside. 
Be nice to Stevie Wonder.
I hate this, however, to be fair, today was glorious weather in London. There were two occasions where I thought sunglasses were necessary. This being said, 'your on a train twat, take the sunglasses off'
Yeah, but when you're cool, the sun shines on you 24 hours a day.
I could have done with sunglasses today. Sun was ridiculously bright. Blinded by the sun but freezing cold all day. 
Nah he didn't have them on to begin with, was messing around on a tablet etc before putting them on, I am fully aware of the need for them for medical reasons as a woman at work wears them for migraines 
Trainline app did the exact same thing to me the other day, the conductor was gonna "come back to me". But alas, never did.
Yeah it's happened to me, it's a pain in the arse, made worse by the bus being late, taking an age to get home, and to top it off its £1.30 more expensive than the train. 
Say 'Excuse me' in increasing volume until you get a response/lose your voice.
You have just about summed up the human condition Mr 7heDaniel
That is a very British problem.
That's gonna get messy
Didn't know shoes needed emissions testing?
I have no idea how our work van passes it's MOT every year, if you put your foot down it looks like this https://youtu.be/3OtonR5PdL0?t=1m20s
Don't let go!
Just don't forget it's in there when you take your last gulp. Gack. 
I see it as a little treat at the end of my drink! 
In your coffee?!  Off with your head! 
Great name for a selection box of christmas chocolates, though. 

Roses, Quality Street, Heroes, Celebrations, Little Mix....see, it works!
They were initially called Rhythmix but had to change it as that was already the name of a charity. Probably a charity for the deaf given it's a safe assumption they have the same following.
Little Myxomatosis is much better.
Can't get worse than Clean Bandit in my opinion 
I used to think they were called 'Little Minx' which at least seemed right, given the age group they're marketed to and the type of music.
I thought they were Irish until I saw the name written down
Sounds like a cat kibble brand.
Pick'n'... was already taken 
I once compared Little Mix to the Arsenal back four of the early 90s and received at least three retweets on Twitter. True story.
 Not as bad as oasis 
>Little Mix is ~~a~~ bloody awful ~~name for a pop group.~~

FTFY
They've got millions of young girls singing along their witchy date rape tutorial 

"Get your boy on his knees
And repeat after me, say
Take a sip of my secret potion
I'll make you fall in love
For a spell that can't be broken
One drop should be enough
Boy, you belong to me
I got the recipe
And it's called black magic
(And it's called black magic)"

If a pop boyband released the equivalent it would cause outrage.


Could be worse, they could have resurrected Mini Pops.
The name sounds like something you'd call a small bag of Dolly Mixtures or an Aldi/Lidl variant. :/
I saw someone in the comment section of the DailyMail call them "Pick'n'Mix" lol
But just think, a group of large women could start a parody pop group called Big Mix!
should have called themselves "Little Talent" instead
An awful name for an awful group, quite fitting really
Oh bless. Some of you won't even have experienced the living fucking hell that is Lincoln Christmas Market.

I used to live around the corner from it. Highlights being: 1) Cleaning vomit off my doorstep every night, 2) not being able to park within 3 miles of my house, 3) every single stall sells the same fucking tat.
Come to York. Our Christmas market starts in mid November up until Christmas eve! Yay! Standstill in the middle of town for one and a half months!
Had to check you weren't in Bury St Edmunds. This is exactly how I described it to my other half. 
Sheffield is a fecking death march due to the market this time of year. You're buggered if you're trying to get anywhere fast getting through that combined with the clipboard warriors 
Did you not enjoy the 17 stalls selling welded together pot metal pop culture statues for £200 quid, small wooden things you're not quite sure what it is and assorted incense and buddah statues?
just like Winchester. 
Gawping.
Christ, come to Aberdeen. A main road in the middle of the City has already been closed for a week to prepare for the Chrismtas Market. It officially 'opened' on Friday, and will be on until 25th Jan..

So we have a road closure, diversions in place, public transport is a nightmare and we have the issue as described 'cunts walking slow in a crowd'...For two solid months.
The way all the food is completely open to the world worries me, especially with the number of people with coughs and colds wandering around past it all. I wouldn't trust anything edible bought from there unless it was properly cooked in front of me
Oh shit, Birmingham is going to become a no go zone when the market kicks in.
Liverpool isn't too bad. The keep them all on a few streets for the most part so as long as you don't need to go exactly to one of the shops on them you can avoid them. 
At least you get a Christmas Market we have to travel at least 10 miles to find one. (St Helens) Yes I know that's not accurate
Will that be one of the stubby, hand made ones? It's a no-brainier to pick those up from the bargain bucket when they're available... did you bake it for a bit to warm it up...? Flippin' gorgeous!
Some pleasures are meant to be transient. It's like nostalgia for all those shows you loved as a child, which turn out to be a bit rubbish when you re-watch them as an adult.
Got to love the shelf of shame, the amount of things I have tried that I never would have given a second glance to due to the price.
There will never be a chilli sausage roll as good as that one was. 
Nice try Tesco! /r/hailcorporate!!!
On a whim, I bought a black pudding and Camembert (I think? Some cheese anyway) sausage roll because it was marked-down. I had two bites and threw it away, it was vile. Not sure what I expected.
The modern version of wanting to have your cake and eat it too.
Route around their back bins for stuff that passed it's sell by date. There's tons of delicious food in those - All ready to be junked or hopefully given away to the needy.
Bah, I'm so jealous. Near impossible to find good sausage rolls in the USA but you can just go back to the supermarket and get some for a pittance. The only place I can find a decent sausage roll here is at the pub with British food where you can get some as an appetiser for $10!
All life is a memory.  By the time you sense anything it has already happened and what you are experiencing is essentially a memory of the event.
I bought a roquito and chilli jam sausage roll and it just tasted of disappointment
Ain't nothing better than a Hot and Spicy sausage from the deli stuffed into a panini from the bakery washed down with a craft beer.
1. Stop saying "said" when you mean "it" or "the"  .
2. Buy another one.
This summed up my love & yet, apathy for our good Guardian. 

http://www.thedailymash.co.uk/news/media/woman-chooses-coffee-over-safeguarding-guardians-future-20161121117565
Picked some up from Sainsbury's local at about 6pm. 4 pints for a quid. Not that it helps you but I can have my cereal in morning. 
I love Sunday trading hours! I work in retail.
God says that it is vitally important that you can only buy a hammer within a 6 hour window on a Sunday.
I hate sunday hours, when I'm finished work at 5pm and I've fucking forgot to buy dinner the day before I'm eating backup packet noodles or something from the corner shop like a disgusting rustlers burger for dinner

Somebody please scrap this antiquated system

The worst thing about Sunday trading hours is the middle aged people who somehow have never heard they exist and demand to be let in whilst we're setting up the shop at 10:00 on a Sunday morning.

No I'm pretty sure it's not a new law sir.
Is unreasonable to wonder why you didn't buy some yesterday? Or before 4pm? Or spend an extra 40p? 
I miss living in Scotland, they don't have these stupid Sunday trading laws if you want to wander round the supermarket at 11:30pm on a Sunday you can cause it's open!! Grrr!!
What's the reasoning behind these rules?  Is it so smaller companies aren't outsold by larger shops?  If that's the case then why the fuck does the Nisa round the corner shut earlier than Tesco on a Sunday?
Yet another benefit of green tea.  
My main gripe is that is the day I want to make a Sunday roast. Even if I am all prepared, there will always be something I end up needing after 4pm - extra bisto, a few cans of beer, mustard. If it gets to 3:30 and I decide I want a roast dinner, like fuck I am going to go into a packed Tesco to try and fight over a chicken.
We have a tesco express a few roads away for moments like this, but of course at 6pm on a Sunday it's packed to the brim so we never bother.
£1.80 for 4 pints of milk doesn't seem too bad, to be honest. I usually pay that for the Cravendale stuff just so it lasts more than a few days.
The milkman should never have been marginalised!
[removed]
Why not go to the local cafe/restaurant/ and 'pinch' a few milk tubs.
I thought we bought stuff in Litres these days. I'd gladly pay a lot more for milk if it went to the farmers.
It's almost as if the stars are a rating system or something
It's a good gauge for how French and expensive the food will be.
It is perfect if that is what you want - complete excellence in terms of service, presentation, innovation *and* taste. It doesn't mean "this is objectively tastier food than the little Turkish place down the road which roast lamb on charcoal, it is BYO and it is utterly bloody amazing".
You mean that's not what Michelin stars and AA rosettes are for?!

Well after 16 years as a chef, working at double AA rosette venues and learning from the likes of Keith Floyd & Michael Caines, I learned something new today. 

I'll stick to dodgy TripAdvisor reviews to gauge where to eat from now on. 
You need kebab on the way home or you'll go hungry.
technically that's the point. Although it would be a shame to limit your choice of dining establishments to high scoring restaurants. Some of the tastiest meals I have eaten were in a local greasy spoon. 
Ed Balls. 
"Paying tribute" is so formal for a guy who was dressed up as the Mask on prime time telly a few weeks back. 
That makes two things he's not very good at then. No wait, three, he's not great at twitter either.
They deny it- but I used ( stressed used- long gone now) to have a photograph of me, circa about 1971ish in my party frock. With a wagon wheel on my lap- a rare treat as I wasn't allowed such things at home. The frock had a paisley print on dark green and got turned into a skirt at 16. The wagon wheel I held spanned 3 Paisley dots. Still had the skirt in 1989- same question came up, wagon wheel in 89 was smaller by 3/4 of the space between dots. Fuckers.
Take it from a GenX-er - they've shrunk a lot.
Curly-Wurly as well.  I'm sure they used to be huge.  
Are you sure it's not just your hands growing? 
Nah you're right, wagon wheels are dinky now. 
Did you buy wagon wheelies by mistake?
This is the real trouble with all this Toblerone business - now we don't know which sweets we can trust. The whole system was built on good faith and now it's in disarray.
http://www.pimpthatsnack.com/project/jammie-wagon-wheel-sxi/3

And no, not really apparently:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wagon_Wheels#Production_and_size
Your hands got bigger.
I remember them from the '50s and they used to be huge—but then I used to be tiny ...
Pretty much all the major confectionary companies are reducing the size of their products, and using cheaper alternatives like palm oil instead of cocoa butter.
Brexit.
Speaking of which, bourbons packets never went back to their full size after the biscuit shortage earlier this year. 

There's now at last 6 fewer bourbons per pack.
This is what Britain voted for.
I love how you used the ability to fit an entire biscuit in your mouth as a form of measurement. 
Taut, not taught.
EVERYTHING is smaller with fewer in a pack these days. All chocolate, all sweets, all biscuits. We're getting robbed from every angle. 
as someone that lives outside of london, I've never seen a bus accept anything other than cash 
People outside of fancy-pants London can only pay with fish, goats, and gooseberries and don't forget the magic beans for the longest journeys.
Might not accept contact-less but here in Sheffield we can pay by showing tickets on our phones. That's pretty neat.
Living outside London is so frustrating using the bus, for the 21st century... 

- Live Tracking barely works. 
- Operators who don't have tickets cross-operator without high cost.
- No way to find out fares in advance for a single journey.
- No card payments.
- The fares vary if the driver doesn't advance the stage correctly.
- There's absolutely no service guarantee and complaints get ignored with consistently late buses, nothing ever changes. 
- Buses NEVER run if the weather's turning bad, yet people still drive.

...After experiencing all the above, I learned to drive. Never looked back. Never got on a bus since. 
Buses inside of London not accepting cash is the bigger problem.
Where I live we have one bus an hour, 7 times a day, Mon - Sat only. No Sunday or Public Holiday service, no windy day, rainy day, snowy day service, no apology when the driver "forgets" the route and doesn't even come past our stops. 

On the one side it would seem rather excessive to install a contactless payment system, on the other I imagine Arriva will do precisely this rather than run a proper service.


I think the bigger problem is that Londoners are venturing outside of London.....
How's this for a British problem?  Having my tax money go to subsidise Londoner's bus trips about 10 times more than the rest of us so they can moan about not having contactless payments the one time they take the bus elsewhere.  
And I didn't even know London buses had contactless...
I don't know why the whole country hasn't gone for the oyster card.
Apparently they accept contactless on First buses in Cornwall... Tried it once, didn't work and had no cash, especially not £4 for a single to on a 15 minute journey.
Oh my god what a problem!! At least you have regular public transport in like the rest of the uk!! trains once an hour?? Buses once an hour!! Try living somewhere other than London! 
What else do they sell besides food?
Don't forget they are German *Style* markets. And are often filled with British trades men and women.
My missus and I drove 46 miles each way to Sheffield this weekend so that we could get a decent burrito.. Sometimes food is just worth it.
somebody in birmingham have a cheese and ham pretzel on my behalf! and one of those jagermeister hot chocolates.
Yah 
I go to buy soap as well, but apart from that, yeah - it's usually the food. 
Nope, nobody goes for the nicknacks, it's all about the garlic bread, exotic meat burgers, gluhwine, fried potatoes, schnitzel, pork steaks, Berliners (boobie buns!), Dickmanns, 2ft hot dogs......
Cider and Mulled Wine.. personally I only go so I can buy some After Eight donuts .. 

It seems to get smaller every year though ..  
Probably.....rest are there just for the booze I'm sure.  At least that was what the fight, police presence and multiple uses of the emergency alarm on and around my train home from Brum last night seemed to suggest.  Wasn't pleasant for my young children.
I agree the majority of the stuff there is overpriced.  Get a nice cheese garlic bread or a hot dog to keep you warm, and just enjoy the sights.
 I walked past a grilled Brattie stand today. Then I walked past a stand selling enormous grilled Polish sausages. 

Then I went home, ate my beans on toast and swallowed my sadness.  
If you walk further up towards where Birmingham Library used to be, where Victoria square is, you will see that all the good stuff is happening up there. It looks beautiful at night.
i think the good food show was on at the nec too
I go to markets like that for the free samples. Free cheese and salami is great.
I've been the past few years.

Went up the other day and yeah it's just food really. The ornaments and stuff are expensive for what they are.

I still had an ostrich burger though.
i went in one on the motorway and they told me all the bakes (steak and otherwise) were cold.  when asked if it was ok, i said yes. - it wasnt okay.  i warmed my wifes sausage and bean one in the baby food microwave and ate my cold depressing festive bake without heating it. i regretted everything.
Was it a steak steak bake or a chicken steak bake?
I prefer my chicken bakes cold. Quicker to eat. 
"I could microwave it if you want"

And I could stab you in the neck but we are both in polite society.
I bought a pizza slice from a Gregg's once. You live and learn.

How do you know? Did you prod them all? 
You can get a kettle in somewhere like Argos or Tesco for less than a fiver. 
>it's a student house 


Great - you can all chip in a quid

>and the kettle came with the house


You're not banned from getting a cheap kettle yourself.
How many students does it take to change a kettle?

1 to phone the letting agent,  1 to post it to reddit,  still waiting on the final count.
Tesco value kettle?
Don't see it as complaining, you're just letting them know.

In the meantime, Argos.
Do these factors explicitly prevent you from purchasing a kettle and allowing it to remain in the kitchen?
Just use the microwave.

Top tip : it's faster if you put the teabag and milk in first, then nuke the lot.
I was upstairs yesterday.  The door bell rang, I went straight down to answer it.  Must have taken all of 5 seconds and the delivery driver was already on his way back to the van with the package ready to fuck off to his next stop.  Shocking.
Usually means there was no space for the parcel in their bag that day.
I got one of those for three parcels during the week. I went to collect them today from the sorting office and they only had two of them, they couldn't explain why they didn't have the third one and that it'll probably be delivered tomorrow. Why on earth would they leave one of three parcels separate from the other two? 
Is the drop-off point a secure location? Parcel could require a signature? 
There must be some sort of misleading packaging regulations that they're falling foul of. The only one that's the same size as the picture is the chocolate eclair: http://i.imgur.com/Z5HqBNp.jpg

(No Fudges in that photo because someone ate them all...)
I made the mistake of buying one a few weeks back. Never again :(
I always found the fact that 3 of the 6 Heroes are just plain old chocolate absolutely appalling. Where's the nuts, I ask?
I hate their new wrapping as well 
Cadburys Roses have done the same, massive wrappers and the plastic box is slightly smaller at the bottom. But still the same price. The think people are stupid and won't notice.... 
Be happy as you see that battlefield 1 trailer of "non-gameplay footage" for the 50th time...
Oh thank heavens it's not just me. All these years I thought I was going crazy because I couldn't get Heinz tins to stack properly.
My god, as a retail worker it pisses me off to no end. Part of the job is to make the shelves look presentable, which often means stacking tins. Branston's beans, no problem. Own brand stuff, piece of cake. But Heinz is like trying to stack fine china. One wrong flick of the finger, and two dozen cans clutter onto the fucking floor.

/rant
The trick is to build a base layer of Heinz cans then put other brand cans on top. They slot right in! 
I read ages ago (can't find a source now) that Heinz tins are intentionally not stackable as they want supermarkets to keep them in their branded cardboard trays. That way the Heinz logo is more visible and 'pings out' on the shelves.

Clever, really. I guess what isn't so clever is when supermarket staff take then out of the trays and try to precariously balance the tins on top of each other.
I emailed them about this once:

> Hi Jazcash,

> Thank you for getting in touch about our canned products stacking. 

> In general, our type of foodstuffs is processed by a method using spiral cooker coolers.  This process requires the strength and scuff resistance of the double seam on each end of the can.

> All consumer feedback and comments received are important to us at Heinz. Our Packaging and Development Team have been made aware of your comments and your feedback is appreciated.

> Regards

> Diane
There's a reason the tins aisle at the supermarket I used to work was called Satan's Aisle.
You can afford more than one tin of Heinz? Your flagrant opulence astounds me.
And that's why I buy Branstons. Better beans, and stackable cans (for now). 
Oh so this is why asda keep them in the cardboard trays?
I glue a strong magnet to each can and attach them to the fridge door; simple and convenient.
They've got too big for their beany boots and think they're the Apple of tinned goods. Which they probably are, I mean, beans means Heinz after all...
[Can confirm that Australian Heinz cans *do* stack.](http://imgur.com/a/6835e)

The colonies are outpacing you.
ive never noticed that. promptly went to check with heinz tins in my cupboard and its true, they don't stack.
Knowing this makes me even less likely to buy Heinz beans. Not that I was going to buy them - who would when Aldi beans are superior and a fraction of the price!?!
Imagine the pain of someone who has to fill the supermarket shelves
You learn true hatred when you work retail and have to stack them every shift...
They probably wouldn't be able to make the button moon rocket out of it again then
https://twitter.com/heinzuk let them know our demands!
Problem solved: don't buy Heinz
I never buy Heinz beans. Supermarket own brands usually taste better and are so much cheaper. 
You have to go for an alternating staggered checkerboard pattern
That's really odd; in Australia, at least for Heinz Baked Beans in Ham Sauce, they still stack. I'm not just talking about they are easily balanced, I mean they interlock by several mm and are very stable.
They have even acknowledged this with their mini tins. You can buy a pack of 3 baked beans and they're packaged horizontally instead of on top one another.
Yes! This pisses me off so much. Bloody bean tins not stacking properly and then toppling over. 
I heard that it was so that a can opener could be used to open them at the bottom if the ring-pull failed...

(shrug)
And what's their secret ingredient?

Why it's **SUGAR** of course!
Never mind tins, fuck snap pots. 

I live on my own and rarely want a full tin, or even a tin's worth in quick succession before they're off. Individual portions would be ideal.

Even on offer, snap pots are £2.19/kg. A normal tin of beans at 60p is £1.45/kg

I could throw away a third of every normal tin of beans I buy and still be quids in vs buying pots. I refuse to believe they are proportionally that much more to manufacture. 
Maybe they're encouraging you to eat fresh, not canned. Just à thought.  
I am not convinced she's not just Peter Kay trying to revitalise his career again.
~~Honey G??? I saw two minutes of~~ X-Factor ~~while flicking through the channels and I thought Edina Monsoon was doing something for Comic Relief. I was hoping for Patsy to come on.~~
Lmao hadn't made this connection till you said that.  Now I can't get that thought out my head.  Have an upvote from me for making me laugh out loud.
Honey G has to be the worst ever X factor person. I thought it was a wind-up for about the first month of seeing her. Students voting to keep her in for a larf no doubt.
Do a little googling. "Patsy" once did a little striptease on Comic Relief. She was insanely hot at the time.
So you're one of those 3%?
Do you live in an office break room?
you are everything wrong with the world ! 

.

.

. 

.
  
can i have a go?
Having a hot tap, no matter how hot it is, is no excuse for not having a kettle. It's like saying I don't have a roof because I've got a raincoat.
Don't you have an emergency kettle? How are you going to survive the up coming zombie apocalypse?
Does it actually spit out boiling water?
I never understood the premise of spending hundreds on Quooker when there's a perfectly good kettle behind me
I have one at work - very convenient for dodging small talk.
We've got one of those standalone water boilers that means we can have boiling hot water without waiting. 








We still own a kettle though...:) 
Wow. You can even prepare your tomatoes!
Aren't they hideously expensive to run?
Do you sweeten your roobois with pomegranate molasses? 
Let the average length of a song be 3 minutes and 30 seconds or 210 seconds.

3 days have approximately 72 hours, or 4320 minutes or 259,200 seconds.

Assuming that the number of times heard is equal to the total of both James Arthur and Little Mix: 74,753 * 210 = 15,698,130 seconds.

Therefore, my conclusion is that endless repetition of music by Capital FM has driven your mind to skew it's perception of time by approximately 61x the normal rate.
Radio 1 and 2 are no better. Radio 1 especially. 
I think Little Mix should be leprechauns.
Who the fuck is James Arthur 
Consider yourself lucky that it's not Smooth. 
Think youself lucky.  I've had to put up with Fat Middle Age Women FM (Heart) for fucking years.
I listen to Absolute Classic Rock.

At least with Absolute, you know if they're repeating the same song more than once in a day, it's a damn good song.
Hang in there. Perhaps one day Little Mix will realize that their music is just glorified shouting - but until that day, I lend you my strength, brother.
Heart extra Xmas, get in the office early.
I don't even have a radio on at work considering we SELL THEM. Although even if we did put one on it would bee LBC of all things and trying to listen to anyone but James O'Brien for 8 hours would make me not want to work. Music stations would be no go since everyone around me is ether old or Indian. Thank God for headphones and wi-fi so I can survive my day with subtle drum and bass in my left ear.
I feel your pain mate. My co-worker always has Heart FM on in the cab all day everyday and i can't see how any human DJ could reply the same songs over and over again. So now i think its a robot who is behind this repetitive madness. 
I don't know how I would go on with my day if I missed the Jeremy Vine show at work 
Oh God, I feel for you. I had to listen to Heart FM daily for four hours for over a year one time :'-(
I've hated Capital since 1985 when they sponsored a Luther Vandross concert and I heard the same advert every fifteen minutes of every day for a month. I've never turned them on since and I think my life is better for it. Radio 1, Kiss, Virgin, Heart they're all the same. Absolute do a never played twice in a day theme, but the songs each day are largely the same. 

Music radio in this country drove me to listen to Radio 4 for the last 25 years and I don't miss it one bit. 
How about 6 music
I work in a lorry and the only radio station the drivers ever play are Heart. I've heard LMFAO and Ed Cunting Sheeran more times than any man should have to endure 
We tend to have Radio X on in the hangar at work. Not great but I find the music more varied at least.
As you should, radio 1 is poison
My work has its own 'original talent' who can't sing or write songs. They play a 7 hour loop. My shifts are 9 hours. 
This is why radios at work are bad unless in a very small group who can really agree. I can handle Radio 2 for a bit, but 1 and Capital are just endless sources of crap noises as far as I'm concerned.

Fortunately at my work we can wear headphones to get our music delivered personally.
I would frown at you if you asked for radio 1 or 2! I might even tut at you.
Don't leave out Monica's saucer-eyed rictus of horror.
Cooking doesn't get any tougher than this!
I love these.

Half of them are properly bonkers but that's what's so good about them.


You reminded me of that Cadbury's advert.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTa1nbeLWOA
Takes watching telly to a whole new level.
Could this be the start of a Master Chef drinking game?
Or a tweel.  WTF is a tweel?  
You can tell it's about Range Rovers because it says "your Rover, *that I know you can't afford*." Nobody can't afford a Rover. I once got a Rover for free
I thought it did mean Rover...
Reminds me of a gold 820i with **Cook Pass Babtridge** spray-painted down the side.
Makes a bit more sense now. I wondered who the fuck was a) still buying rovers and b) couldn't afford them
Until reading this I had no idea they were referring to a Range Rover! That makes a lot more sense. Every time I hear it I wondered why anyone young would buy a rover
Why does it have to be a teenager? Have you tried picturing a pensioner in the Rover?
Wait, they aren't on about a rover?
There's me thinking it was just an anachronistic reference to a Rover.
Finally!

I think this every time I hear this song, for some reason I always picture a Rover 800.

I blame Brexit myself, even pop/rap stars have had to switch from flash cars to Shit British second hand ones.
It didn't click with me either until recently. And I thought it was "like" not "bite". Dreadful song. Just utter bilge. 
it's a shit song and annoys me solely because of this
As a 17 year old, my first car was a Rover 25...
What did you just say about the fucking [pussywagon?](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8f/1992_Rover_416_GSi_-_front.jpg)
I always just thought they were on the moon or some shit
I hate the lyrics in that song

Why would you bite a tattoo on your shoulder? Of all the things to steal, why would it be a mattress?
>British

>Not worshipping the Rover 75
That song annoys the fucking shit out of me, The first line of the lyrics "Hey, you tell your friends it was nice to meet them
But I hope I never see them again" is possibly one of the most cunty sounding song lyrics ever.
After being picked from the school xmas disco...
I thought I was the only one... No room in the back of a  Princess I thought... Then my mind started to wander about how much room there is in the back of an actual Princess. An hour later I forgot where I was.
Will some kind person ELI85, please - what is the song, and who is it by?
Oh! It's about Range Rovers!? Been so confused about that.
I always thought it was about a Rover that you "can't afford to maintain cause it's fucking falling apart".
I don't understand at all how anyone thinks a Range Rover is a 'cool' car, they're ugly and non-performance to boot.
I had to google those lyrics to find out where it was from. I was expecting a rapper but no, I found the most white middle America wet lettuce song I have heard in my entire life

... and it has 752,000,000 views? what kind of soggy flannels are listening to this?

But yeah they are American where 'Rover' is always short for Range Rover, they never had the chance to experience Longbridge's finest.
I still picture that. Makes it at least semi bearable to hear, because now I can have a giggle at it.
I didn't.realise it wasn't a Rover. I thought it was being deliberately relatable. Now I know it isn't. That annoys me now.
Every time I hear that damn song, I think of a Rover instead of a Range Rover. No other country has this problem.
Not many teenagers with "Rover" hands. Doesn't really rhyme either.
hang on, it was a range rover they were talking about? I thought maybe her rover had broken down again. 
I agree. 
Always thought this when hearing that song, I do like it though.

There's nothing glamorous about a Rover 75
This whole time, I've been imagining a *classy* Rover 75. À la Jeremy Clarkson series 11.  
Thanks for clearing that up, I thought the lyric was Nova instead of Rover...there's only so much you can do in a backseat of a nova.
I had a Rover 213 (or was it a 215?) Pretty shitty cars but I remember the top area above the glove compartment was flat like a table so very practical for storing bongs on and rolling spliffs.
I have just this second understood these lyrics. I genuinely believed it was an old rover, thinking that it was someone who was stone cold broke who can't even afford a shitty 30 year old car
Dad had a Rover 400 a few years ago, decent car until the starter motor died.
And there was I thinking they were talking about [this](http://topgear.wikia.com/wiki/Rover_James).
Thank God I havnt heard that song

Edit: well cant say that anymore, cock
What always gets me is this: if you're new to an area and don't know the bus routes/local geography, how do you know when to press the button? I just find myself staring at Google Maps for the whole journey in the hope that I time it right, but obviously 10 years ago that wasn't really an option. 
"No, MrDriver, I didn't mean for you to hit the brakes immediately after I pushed the button. I actually meant the next bus stop. Oh, sorry, that's not my bus stop, it's the one after this one... Sorry I pressed the button again because there were no people at the stop and I didn't know if you were going to remember me and stop there anyway. Ok, you win, just don't give me that filthy look..."
And then there's the 'precocious' 4-year-old who keeps pressing the bloody button for every. Single. Stop.
Psst just turn it over. 
http://www.samaritans.org/how-we-can-help-you/contact-us
Will life ever be the same again?
I'd be more concerned that it had ketchup on. It's brown sauce for bacon butties.
What the fuck is ketchup?  I have tomato sauce in my house.
That's a shocking statistic. I wonder if it could be solved simply by government issue kettles airlifted in by the army or is it more of a mental health issue? It's a basic human right. Personally I think there should be a monthly ration of 160 Yorkshire and a bag of Tate & Lyle delivered monthly to every house,gratis. 
Do they count as “British” homes if there isn't a kettle?  Surely this is a kind of “No true Briton” thing?
The other 3% had the kettle on the blink and had to use the stove as a replacement for thr evening 
Only 3% immigration. Not bad.
Just told my fiancée this and her response was 'what do they do?', followed by 'they must have tea, must use a pan or something'. She could not comprehend a life without tea. 
I recently moved into a house share and there wasn't a kettle in sight. We had some work done and the builders went out, bought a kettle and left it for us when they left because they presumably pitied us so much. We are now the 97%
Didn't know you could rent kettles
Found one 

[I can't ask anyone in my family to put the kettle on because we own a boiling water tap.](https://www.reddit.com/r/britishproblems/comments/5f77my/i_cant_ask_anyone_in_my_family_to_put_the_kettle/) 
I'm part of the 3%. Fight me.
Scum.
How do they solve their life's problems? 
I own a kettle, which gets used for hot drinks maybe once a year. The rest of the time it is used only for cooking. Maybe these people prefer to just use the hob from the start?
Britain has 240v power sockets which allows us to use kettles!
The rest of the world appears to not be able to use them with their miserable 110v.

Don't drink tea, coffee or hot chocolate. I have no need for a kettle and in fact am part of this 3%. 


I saw on comment on Reddit once that indicated people shouldn't think of us British as tea drinkers one and all. They were very upset because someone told them they were a tea drinking nation.  How rude. lol.
I don't have a kettle, I have a boiling water tap instead, it's the future
I'm 20 and I've honestly never used a kettle. I don't like any hot drinks. 
[deleted]
I use my kettle far less than I use my espresso pump.
[sigh](/m)
At least it wasn't a sports direct mug so your kitchen didn't flood
Your flair was what I expected it to be
That sucks, what mug was it?
Maybe time to stick the heating on? 
this is actually why Milk used to go in first. makes the tea taste awful though. 
I had this before. If you want to avoid this in the future, pop it in the microwave for ten seconds - assuming the mug is microwavable.
This happened to me a number of years ago. Now in the winter I always pour a little warm water from a half boiled kettle to wam the mug first.
That means it's time to turn the heating on a week ago. I dread to think of the horrors that your water pipes are going through, if that was what your mug did.
You're not in my old house are you?
My house gets so cold, this is always my fear. I just put my mug on the stove next to the kettle to heat up while the water's boiling.  
Oh my god I've never even considered this before! I'm going to have to start warming up my mugs. My lucky streak will surely end at some point. 
That's why the milk goes in first ;)
[deleted]
Ya'll ain't got no heat?
Why on Earth would you be putting boiling water in a cup?

For coffee, you preheat the cup, add the shot and then add water at 70 degrees, and/or frothed milk also at 70 degrees

For tea, just use frothed milk at 70, slip a bag in and let it steep for 5 minutes.

There's no case for using boiling water at all, because that burns the coffee/tea, making it bitter and not as nice. 70 degrees all round, whether milk or water

EDIT: Personally when I make coffee, I put the coffee in last, so I can have the lovely golden crema preserved at the top of the cup instead of being mixed in.

EDIT 2: TIL that by not burning out all the amino acids and goodness from my drinks, I'm doing it wrong. Fine, if you folk like it bitter, go ahead and enjoy. I'll enjoy my maximum flavour chai and nigh perfect caramel americano in peace. It's chemistry at play, and something of an artform. This takes patience and care, not just something you slap together. Compare Costa coffee to Greggs coffee. Greggs coffee is made with boiling water, you can tell. It's much more bitter than Costa coffee. Decent quality in a pinch, and it's also fresh. But the flavour is mostly burned out.
Pretty sure the entire point of the programme being made was to educate, inform and entertain. 

Particularly since every episode in the series has ended with some sort of message/warning about climate change and the damage it can cause. 

Filming in 4K was just a natural decision given the technology currently available. 
Bbc doesnt broadcast in 4k anyway.

Will be filmed in 4k to future proof and so they can pop out a fancy 4k bluray in time for christmas.
Unless you have a 4k TV in excess of 50", you won't notice.
I'm pretty sure it's not broadcast in 4K either, so watching it live wouldn't make a difference.

http://www.whathifi.com/news/no-you-cant-watch-planet-earth-2-in-4k-ultra-hd-yet
> respect


> Chris Moyles


Pick one.
Radio X played two songs *in a row*? Are you quite certain there wasn't 10 minutes of adverts and "bantz" between the two?
Chris who? Thought he died after he left that crappy TV Show he did when he lost his was with R1
When Brits position themselves as NFL fans.

*"Sam, 28, from Maidenhead is a lifelong Raiders fan"*

Alright Sam.

I see plenty of adverts for X factor, don't see me making posts about it. If you don't like NFL, don't watch it...
Do what I did with Top Gear. Just grab the remote and change the channel. 
I think I may have a solution
They'll think you're holding out on them and give you an extra kicking for inconveniencing them.  
/r/britishproblemsucccess!
I honestly have no idea what any of these songs sound like. 
Welcome to adulthood. 
It's funny though, the album charts are vastly different to the singles. Go into HMV and you'll see older artists high up that you'd never see in the singles chart. There doesn't seem to be any artist over the age of 40 selling many singles yet the album chart is more diverse.
I long for the days of Whigfield's 'Saturday Night' at #1
From what I've seen / heard, 25 or so marks the point at which people decide all chart music is shite and it was much better when they were teenagers. There will always be late / early developers, but I believe my point stands.
> Rockabye by Clean Bandit - it's a remix of Rockabye Baby.

That sounds so ridiculous I had to find it on YouTube. Admittedly I only had the patience to watch about half of it, but what I saw didn't sound any thing like the nursery rhyme or contain any more of the lyrics of the nursery rhyme than 'rockabye baby'. Unless someone raps the nursery rhyme at some point after I stopped watching, it's nowhere near as ridiculous as you make it sound.


Someone once got to number one with a single that sampled the Casulty theme tune.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bound_4_Da_Reload_(Casualty)
When you look back on the history of the single it's sad that they've changed the business model to it being an utter irrelevance. Songs seem to chart for any reason other than actual sales. As they seem to make more money from "licensing a track" than actual sales anyway it would seem that only a few seconds of a song ever has to sound decent, as that is all people will hear in an advert, game, film or TV show. 

What gets me is how many singles are released by bands "featuring" other bands. In most cases someone sampling a song that was sampled off of something else now earns a credit on a record's release.

All of those songs sound like they were written, sung and produced by the same 4 people.
/r/lewronggeneration
Trust me. Once you start actively avoiding the radio, the charts and pop music, your life will significantly improve. 

I honestly couldn't tell you how any of those songs sounded, or name the artist if I heard it. 

Ok, I lied. I'd probably be able to tell you which one was Daft Punk
What annoys me more is not the top ten itself but the overplaying of certain songs until you can't stand the sound of it. Currently it's that dancing on my own song, which is infact a remake of a song that was out not that long ago. Its depressing as fuck and it's thrown in my face every couple of hours. It's the same with Adele, she's so depressing and her music was constantly played. Coldplay are so unique and their music gets played so much that you're sick of it. Rant over 😂
Isn't this the sort of thing that usually makes its way into the charts? I don't think bubbegum pop music is the genre you'd look in for anything that goes beyond that sort of thing. 

I'm sorry - I just don't know what's so awful about these songs compared to anything that came before, but then again I don't pay any attention to the charts. 
The bloke singing on Closer should quit his day job? Yeah, it's not like he made the song of the summer and probably millions off of it...

The charts aren't even that bad at the moment, no ones forcing you to listen to it.
I'd actually go with Little Mix as the best on that list. It's got colour and energy and a humongous slathering of sarcasm. Similar with Bruno (though it comes across as a lighter retread of Uptown Funk without Mark Ronson's help)

With you on most of the rest. Weak Clean Bandit, especially by their own standards. Kendrick Lamar seems to be spending this year trying to undo his image by being everywhere. Sexual plays the "decent chorus, disposable verses," card, which is always a shame. "By the way, by the way, you do things to my body," is one of the clumsiest lyrics I've heard recently.

I don't dislike pop music, but this year's felt like a bit of a lull.
There's a new intro? 

Why on earth did they replace perfection? 
Post person Pat and his non gender specific dark and light feline quadraped  (Other species available) you mean?
I'm looking forward to the 2020 update, when pat is forced into retirement, as drones deliver everyone's shite and yodel takes on the heavy stuff, much to everyone's dismay.
Just be glad it wasn't the "Special Delivery Service" theme. 
I still can't believe he's married with kids in the remake, rather than a Royal Mail consecrated celibate.
I've not enjoyed them since they changed the chocolate. They taste awful now :(
Avoid. Creme Eggs have never had a best before date on them - that's why they were only there for half the year, so they could distinguish stock from one year to the next. Unless, now, obviously, the Americans have decided to spoil another UK tradition.
You're "too surprised" to buy one? That's a solid case of DFS sale syndrome if I've ever heard one.
That's because no one ate them at Easter because mondelez made them shite.

The crime egg mountain must be huge.
Not had one since they changed the chocolate.  It makes me sad, I loved them but dairy milk is just the best, I don't eat anything else when it comes to chocolate...
I was once at a Prodigy gig and I needed a shite.

I go to the toilet and find a cubicle. As I'm about to close the door, some pissed guy decides it would bet the perfect opportunity to strike up a conversation with me.

I can't remember what he was wanting to talk about, but being my polite myself, I'm nodding and agreeing while desperately trying to keep the turtle from leaving his shell. I spot a gap in the conversation and let out a 'cool, haha yeah' before closing the door and dropping my breeks (not before a vigorous scrub of the seat, I hasten to add).

Upon me closing the door so I can shit in privacy, the pissed guy takes major offence that I don't want to talk to and let him watch me take a dump and starts shouting 'that wanker closed the door on me! He's closed the door!' to all the other people wanting to take a pish in peace.

Gave it an extra five minutes after I was done to leave the cubicle. Don't need that aggro.
Pissing all over his shoes and chatting football/politics whilst swaying around like he's on a mid-winter cross channel ferry. Did he carry on chatting to you as you left?
Totally unacceptable, much like someone using the middle of 3 urinals when an end one is available.
I consider people who work at Primark deserve the same respect as Nurses/Junior Doctors/Carers/

How do you deal with those horrible customers that 'trash' the displays?
I was only just given the dumb 'I Heart Primark' shirt and fleece, what's this about Christmas Jumpers?
Well, that's new. I haven't worked at Primark for about 5 years now but, when I did, a Christmas jumper would have been considered far too much like fun to be acceptable.
What is wrong with a Christmas jumper uniform? Do you not like getting into the Christmas spirt? 🎅🏻🎄

Personally having worked at different companies in the past that required Christmas jumper as part of uniform, it was good fun and became more engaging with customers.
If that's the worst thing you've seen in Asda then count yourself lucky. (Source: former employee) 
Maybe she is at that,"I couldn't give a flying fuck" stage.
I saw someone possibly dead in Sainsbury's.
>...Asda...

There's your problem. Asda is owned by Walmart and unsurprisingly attracts a similar demograph to those who can be found in /r/peopleofwalmart
Hmmm... she's either desperately seeking attention, or she seriously needs attention...
Was she wondering anyone would notice?
Maybe she was trying to steal a bright pink dressing gown.
It's utterly bizarre that so many people think it's socially acceptable to wander around in public with no clothes other than their pajamas. If you don't own or rent the property you're currently on, put some damn clothes on. It's okay to wander around your garden, collect the milk if you get it delivered, or quickly water the plants in your dressing gown, but it's not okay to drop your kids off at school, go to the shops, or walk the dog in your bloody pajamas. 

I do not understand how this mentality has somehow flourished in our otherwise relatively conservative society. 
Maybe she was on the way to the pharmacy or medicines aisle to considerately save the NHS a visit by going for the walk in option. 
Complain about it arriving on time and in perfect condition, leaving you with nothing to complain about.
This happened to me a few weeks ago, first package I've ever had delivered by them and was expecting the worst. Arrived exactly when they said it would and the driver was really friendly. Baffling.
As i have just ordered myself a new 4k TV that has yet to be delivered, in my great impatience for it to arrive, i can confidently say i have complained enough for two people. So it kind of balances out.
Don't worry, they are still working hard at being useless. I left a plastic box out due to the recent really bad weather and that I was away for a few days and knew a package that was supposed to arrive a week ago hadn't. 

The box was left on the path leading to the back of my house right behind the back gate. Yodel decided it was best to leave the package on the path less than 6inches from the box that would have protected the package from the torrential rain.
Yodel delivered one of my packages the other day, but the driver didn't put a slip through the door to let me know. 

Problem was he put it in the recycling bin, and I only found out when the dustman knocked on my door to hand me the package. 

Thanks, Yodel, I guess. 
/r/BritishSuccess 
/r/britishproblemsuccess/
Complain that it isn't the standard.
Are you *absolutely* sure that it's *your* parcel?

I suspect that it's actually just a staggering coincidence - somebody else ordered the same thing but Yodel managed to swap the labels, delivering your package to somebody else, and theirs to you.

This has the result that you both ended up with the product you *think* you ordered, whilst at the same time allowing Yodel to adhere to their policy of being utterly wank.
If you are a true British you'll find something to complain about by the time you've finished your next cup of tea. Get kettle on lad! 
Mine too! I even successfully got a parcel from the Royal Mail as well without having to go to the depot (like I did with Pokemon Moon). Not sure what's going on today.
I don't get why we don't just do it how the americans do it. Don't even need to speak to the Postman. How did the Americans get to that before us? 
Complain about the other delivery they put in your wheelie bin which you haven't found out about yet.
Used to work for a little bookshop and our supplier used Yodel for deliveries. Never had any trouble with them and it was always this super nice dude who dropped them off and we'd have a brief chat whenever I saw them. But..uh..yeah they really suck?
As a parent, I would NEVER sit with my child in the quiet coach. It's just going to result in my child not being quiet and me wanting the ground to swallow me up.
Tell her it's a train not a bus! Parents these days!
I had the joys of discovering a new nursery rhyme the other day, that of the "Dingle Dangle Scarecrow". Unfortunately I discovered this on the 08:36 from Hayes. From a 6 year old girl. who decided I still hadn't learned it properly until 09:24 when we arrived at Charing Cross. 48 minutes of the Dingle Dangle Scarecrow. Forty Eight. 
Upvoting for the use of the word toad 
It's always quiet in first class.
That's some Geneva Convention bullshit - cruel & unusual punishment
I hear it's only manslaughter if you commit double homocide under these circumstances. 5 year maximum sentence might be worth it.
Worst time in the quiet coach for me was when a gaggle of very loud middle-aged women, who'd never heard of the concept of an indoor voice got on and pissed everyone off.  When people reminded them it was the quiet carriage, they were really obnoxious.  

When they finally got off the train, there was a bit of noise in the carriage - we all applauded because they were leaving.
Could be worse... could be the alphabet song, with the little 'un repeatedly ending it with "ex wye zee".
I always thought the quiet coach (when it exists) was "no phone calls", not "don't even let me hear you breathe" 
why did they send you a letter?
How did a letter wake you up?
[deleted]
I think your real problem is that you watch X factor. 
My dad says this literally every time he sees her on the telly. 
Her surname is Gilford, I can only presume it's cos of that
Wit the fuck is a WiFi kettle?
Maybe I like the misery.
I bought a cast iron kettle to go on my log burner. I was disappointed that it doesn't have a whistle, I know how you feel.
We plugged the kettle into a WeMo plug so we can tell the Amazon Echo "Alexa turn on kettle"
if my kettle automatically turned on with my first snooze of the alarm I think that would be a good thing.
Just go with your affrontery,your instincts are correct. Even though I grudgingly use them now,electric kettles generally make me uneasy. I like something metal that you can pop on the gas,with a curvy spout. Whistler's optional,don't mind a whistler. 
relevant; http://www.magic.co.uk/on-air/lateststories/man-struggles-with-his-wifi-kettle-for-11-hours-just-for-a-simple-cup-of-tea/
Have you checked who else is aboard the train? Perhaps there's an executive for a regional radio station and he's doing an impromptu audition.
The worst is when they announce every. Single. Thing.  The buffet sells.  

At every station 
Better headphones?

I can't hear anything else when I have my headphones in. Best part is I'm also not forcing anyone else to hear my music either. They only cost about £25 for a decent pair that do this. Not like those head-mounted portable megaphones by Dre that seem to be made backwards so that the only one who can't hear the music is the wearer.
At my station:

*recorded announcement* "The next train to arrive at platform whatever will be the whenever to wherever."

immediately followed by announcement from a man in a box:

"The next train to arrive at platform whatever will be the whenever to wherever. Passengers for wherever please make your way to platform whatever."
[deleted]
Depends. If it's coming out of a pot milk in first,but people who put it in first with a teabag in the cup should be dispatched with a single shot to the temple. 

Edit; bit harsh,maybe given a Chinese Burn. 

Edit edit; are you still allowed to say 'Chinese Burn'? 
And nor should you have to OP, it is not a thing that should be normalised.
Sugar and cream first, because man it sucks to over fill and have to dump liquid out and mess up sweetness balance because tea/coffee isn't white enough.

But then I do identify as a barbarian so there is that.
I always put the milk in first when making tea or coffee, because that's how my Irish mum taught me to when I was a kid.
I always put the bag and sugar in first, dangle the string on the edge of the cup, and then pour the hot milk in.

Then again, I don't drink heathen (Typhoo, PG, Tetley etc) tea. If it's not Twinings, or some other speciality tea, it's Yorkshire.

The flip side is I don't really drink tea very much. I have an espresso pump, so I'm more likely to be doing myself an americano or a latte than a tea. I'm told my chai lattes are incredible, though.
Should see how Americans make tea. They actually put it in cold, salty water, at nowhere near the right tea-water ratio, and then don't bother drinking it or straining the leaf out.
It would just be followed by "Other spy fiction is available".
I don't get the reference :(
No - the West Indies is over here; that is the East Indies.
Emergency dentist?

Lazy bastard.  A whole month off.
You have a dentist?
Technology is getting too advanced, Will Smith has warned us about this with the film iRobot. We should probably listen to him.
I think I'll get an Echo, very futuristic.  I think the actual problem will be what to do after playing a few songs and adding loo roll to my shopping list...
I don't know why anyone would want something in their living room that listens to every single thing you say.  This is how dystopias start.
Saw one in Currys. I asked it a question. It completely ignored me!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjeM9CBQKTY
But, on the plus side, *Little Britain* will never be made again. 
Holy strawman, abcs12 "A programme that nobody is planning to remake, probably won't be remade because I've made up some people objecting to it for reasons I've also made up"
The Welsh get the blame for everything. And rightly so.
What vocal minority are you talking about?
Little Britain never being made again is not a problem.

David Walliams said recently he should give up comedy for writing children's books. He's right. Just as long he gives up comedy.
Or because it was never very funny...
Have you been living under a rock? Not being politically correct is the current national sport, but when Little Britain came out political correctness was very much in.
Or because it would now be classified as a documentary. 
Fidel Castro this time. Saved you a click 👍
Stephen Hawking.

I keep expecting to hear he's been killed in a police chase after ram-raiding a shop in his wheelchair, or something.
The BBC news site has turned into a magazine these days.
There's not much more to news these days except war and people dying
I stopped doing that when the answer was "Prince".
Shepard Book from Firefly died
Funny thing was on twitter earlier and the writer Josh Weedon tweeted an obituary to someone called Ron. I thought "who's died now?" 
I made the mistake of setting the Wicket alerts on the BBC sport app, forgetting that India is in a different time zone.

A classic England batting collapse is annoying at the best of times but particularly so when it wakes you up at 4.00am.
Your own fault for being so slow obviously
Maybe there is some code phrase you could use like: 

>"Could you pop a fresh one in the fryer for me please?"
It's *supposed* to be bland and lifeless, it's part of the dish. It's a reflection on life in Britain. The sogginess of the batter is a commentary on the weather. 
For added effect the chips should be underdone and lifeless, to symbolise the political landscape since brexit. 

If you finish a chippy tea with a smile on your face, you've gone to the wrong chippy. 
Always try to think about your problems translated to other situations. Think of those shitty fucking crane / grabber machines in arcades, you could bang a quid in and hope for the best... or you could be a cunt wait for some unsuspecting 12 year old prick to pile in 3 or 4 of daddies pounds and not get a sausage out. Now you strike!

tl;dr wait for some other cunt to buy the old fish
Order haddock. My local chip shops never have haddock sitting around, only cod; they always have to cook it fresh.
Sit outside the chippie for half an hour with a pair of binoculars trained on the hot box. If questioned by the constabulary just tell them that you feel you can't trust your chip proprietor so you're timing his cod.
All the chippies round here only cook fish to order.
I worked in a fish and chip shop for a while. From memory, they rarely left fish out under the lights on a quiet night, and simply apologised that the customer would need to wait 10 mins until it was cooked when someone came in. Most customers were fine, a couple got shirty, and complained, but the boss said it was better for them to get fresh cooked rather than fish that had been sat there for 5/10 mins. It also saved money, since often left over fish has to be thrown out after it's sat there for a while. 

Personally, if possible, I'd find a new chippy to use. And I'd tell them why, too, but I'm getting less English the more I stay in France, I've noticed :D
I feel this isn't a British problem, but a middle class problem.

It's a takeaway.  They keep food warm.  If it's getting cold that means their heater isn't right.  If it's "stale" after 30 minutes that means your taste buds are a bit precious.

Some stuff definitely improves with a delay anyway.  I'll fight anyone who says chips from a chip shop are best fresh.  They are too hot and potato-ey.  Much better after sitting and developing some grease for 10 minutes.
I just go to the one who cooks fresh mate. And out of those the one with the fit chippy girl, the one I'd like to give her a portion.

"Haddock, chips, curry sauce, pickled egg" then I wait patiently making smalltalk whilst waiting.

Unless I'm hung over then the disgusting as fuck Chinese one will do. £4 for cod and chips, its so fucking disgusting and I'm not sure its actually fish, but its down the end of the road.

At that one I go for the sausage which is made of ears, lips and arseholes usually.
How attached to batter are you?  If you ask for a light battered fish around here they cook it fresh for you.
Change your chippy, the good ones only cook to order, usually first thing they ask as you pop your head in the door. "Any fish love?", "Aye, two cod please". By the time you get to order the chips etc your fish is ready.
If you ask for a lightly done they normally put a fresh one in. 
Ask for one to be put in as you enter, or ask for a large fish as they are normally cooked to order.
Ask for lightly battered (if you don't mind it) and it's done no question's asked round my parts 
Ask for your fish skinned 
get a better chippy. my local chippy ( and i mean local - its about 100 yards away) wont sell you fish thats been there any longer than about 10 minutes, and he will batter and fry it fresh for you. his fish never tastes stale and the kebabs from there are amazing. the only problem is he is too good - there's nearly always a HUGE queue.
I get around this by ordering a mushy pea fritter.  The trick is to like mushy pea fritters.
I used to work in a chippy and we never had a problem if some asked for a 'fresh' one. That said, nothing ever sat there for longer than an hour and this was in a small town. 
Ask for a "special fish" (thats what it is called where I live). It is just the same but in breadcrumbs instead of batter, and always cooked from scratch because its not the popular choice.

I know u may prefer the battered fish but give it a go.  But its about £1 dearer too...
The chippie nearest me is a very good one (won a load of awards over the years) but even they kind of have this problem to some extent.  Normally, I order from the specials board as they have to cook that fresh each time.
My local only leaves fish under the heater on Friday, and it doesn't sit for long. 
Order plaice instead of cod, seems to do the trick for me.
Every chippy I've been in have only cooked fish to order. If there's a queue you shout out how many fish you want as you enter, then it's usually done by the time you get to the counter.
How do you know it's actually cod? 1 in 6 fish and chip shops use white fish other than cod - The cheek of it! Plus it's serious fraud.
I only get p'wet if I'm concerned about the fish :(
If it's late by 35 minutes keep badgering them until they pay you back. Did you state that you arrived 35 minutes late on the form?
it doesent count as delayed untll its 5 minutes late so thats how theyve figured that. its utter rubbish though.
Phone customer services and have a moan about that! Tell them you waited in and ~~make up some guff~~ stress how important it is you receive it today. 
I ordered something from Amazon, and left a note on the delivery instructions saying "Do not leave with any neighbours. I am hard of hearing. Knock hard.  I am home".  They left my Dad's Christmas present at the house of "that family".  Didn't knock on the door once.  I was in all day.  And I'm not hard of hearing.  It boils my piss.
Mail man? Gentlemen, we appear to have an imposter!! 
>now I have no clue what to fill my day with. 

Cutting up and disposing of his body?
Last week my postie put a slip through the door saying 'in blue bin'.

Now this is fine, normally the parcel is in my blue recycling bin by the back door.  However on this particular day the blue bin was on the pavement by all the other blue bins waiting to be emptied.  

And so my parcel managed to recycle itself before i'd even seen it.

He also quite often signs for things on my behalf and puts 'signed for by postie -smiley face drawing-.  I don't *mind* because it saves me having to go to the office to sign for it myself but at the same time i always feel a bit like 'wtf is the point of having something sent signed for if they're gonna just forge my signature?'
I got back from the pub last night and found an empty envelope with a hole in it inside a Royal Mail plastic bag with a "sorry your post has arrived in this condition" message printed on it. It's the most appalling thing I've ever seen. 

I'm going to go to the post office after work and ask them how they could possibly have the temerity to deliver me such a thing.
Id make a point of it and get his name and complain. Hes paid to deliver the fucking mail
I once watched a Royal Mail guy pull up in his van, fill out the red slip from his driver's seat, then walk to my door to post it because it was raining and he couldn't be bothered to ring the doorbell and wait a few seconds.

I've also had a payslip (that used to get posted to us, they're now emailed) that contained all my salary information left on my path because they didn't put it through the slot fully.

Friend of mine u/MoshizZ had one years ago, along the lines of 'could not access property' or 'could not open gate', or something like that. They literally had to open the gate and access the property to post that slip through....
wouldn't it be easier if we could just opt to collect things at the post office. this whole thing is retarded
phone them up and complain that they should be privatized and that amazon dont pull that shit
Should've soaked him with a bucket of water.

If he complains, well it wasn't you, because apparently you weren't in.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWB1u4Ej2wc

had a guy do a delivery yesterday, insisted my neighbour took the package, then knocked on my door to tell me it was there...
Please make an official complaint!
Had one of those 2 days ago after i had just come back from shopping. Postie was still on the road before i entered my house, i ran back out to see if i could get him to give me the package but the bloody guy disappeared into thin air.
There is nothing more frustrating.. ordered some new business cards for my trip abroad and I took a day off work only to receive an email later in the day saying we tried to deliver but you weren't in followed by another saying I had re-arranged for the following Monday a day after I flew...Useless.

They literally have one job to deliver parcels, it's a good job they don't deliver blood or organs for life saving purposes.
Never mind the police, postmen should be made to wear bodycams.
Cheaky bastard!
Fucking report him
I was denied receiving a parcel from DPD for my partner because my national Identity card didn't fall into the category of being a passport or a drivers license. It's ok for me to use it to fly abroad, but not to receive a parcel in my own home.

Apparently he was also supposed to ask me for a bill with my name on it, but he never did.

Never felt so discriminated in my life.
Wait, you took a day off work for some mail?
Christ that is weird, the same just happened to me.
Practice your sad face and call the Daily Mail.
How'd the complaining go? please update us.
Had them put jewellery in the recycling bin, which was emptied that day.

One kept folding everything in half,  including things that said 'do not bend'. A certificate ended up messed up so I was pissed off and decided to say something the next time she came. Cue me stood on my doorstep gesturing at my letter box saying  'is it not of adequate size?!'
"he didn't bring it as he didn't think I would be in."

"I took a day off for this"

Charge them for a day off work. However much you earn per day, plus your travel costs to the sorting office, plus admin charges. 

Seriously. Do it. 
[Should have done this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWB1u4Ej2wc)
I'm sorry man, I know the feeling.
Something similar happened to Mum once, only she was told it was too big to fit in the basket.  She was unimpressed.
I had an email claiming that Royal Mail tried to deliver a parcel, yet there was no card in the door.
So that's why they do it, I figured they couldn't be bothered to knock and wait.. or the time pressures don't allow it.
The answer to their excuse is: "Well, you had better go back and get it."
Not so many happy now, huh?
Wow I didn't know postmen actually left parcels thinking people won't be in. What a fucking stupid thing to assume. Why not just bring it anyway? Does it take up that much room?!
Order it to work. Someone's always "in" at work! 
Makes me feel blessed to have such a kind, considerate and friendly postman.

Although he's getting on in years, will likely retire sometime soon.

Hopefully his replacement isn't one of the postmen from hell I am seeing in this thread.

(Footnote annecdote, my father once ordered a pictionary set for somebody's christmas present. It never arrived so he had to re-order it. A year later he was in our alleyway and he found a soggy, ragged mess of a parcel. It was the pictionary set. After he saw we weren't in, the courier had decided that the best course of action was to sling the parcel over our gate and walk off. Wanker.)
Fucking bastard. How the hell did he 'know' you weren't going to be in!!!

I hope to hell he went and got it for you?
If this genuinely happened then the postman is shit for not doing their job.

I work for RM, and I don't know of any posties that deliver like the one you mentioned. I'd be in deep shit if I left a parcel at the depot.
Git.
Post Danmark (now Postnord) here in Denmark, did the exact same thing.  There was a feature on a Watchdogs style program, Kontant i think its called, that highlighted it.  I think it forced Post Danmark to change the way they did things.
I placed an order in full expectation that i wouldn't be home but that tbe parcel would be delivered to the sorting office 5 min walk down the road... i have to go and pick my parcel up from the tiny village post office 30min drive away.
I once stayed in for a package, and saw a letter come through the door, but no "you were away" slip or anything. I went outside to ask him if he had my package, and I could see one sticking out of his bag that was about the size I was expecting. He said "I don't think so", so I said "Can you check?" 

Sure enough, it's my package. 
I dont mind when I'm actually out (of course an A4 book in cardboard packaging is not gong to fit through the letter box). My main issue is Royal Mail has moved my local collection point to somewhere basically inaccessible by public transport (I don't have a car). 
Literally this exact thing happened to me 10 minutes ago. I went to the door and the spoke to the postman and he swore blind he'd been ringing the bell and knocking, which he quite clearly hadn't been as I pressed the doorbell repeatedly with his m stood there, looking more and more uncomfortable. 



A day off? Surely the United Kingdom, *home of the WASPs*, has a plethora of friendly, semi-affluent neighbors who could secure a package, or at the very least, be trusted not to make off with it.
You took a day off to receive a parcel? Why not get it delivered to work!
Least you have the book though?

Why do you have the book actually? Do you like to watch TV together? 
They're the same thing aren't they?
If I hear that song one more time I will go nuts. 
It's the kind of song that I cannot for the life of me understand how it got popular or why anybody would actively want to listen to it. Same with James Arthur's Say You Won't Let Go.

Though this particular song is a cover of Robyn's Dancing On My Own. I suppose the original was okay but I wouldn't be too bothered if I never heard it again.
I'm with you.  My wife loves it and will have just that one song on repeat.  Bland pile of shit.
The original version is so much better https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcNo07Xp8aQ

I work part time in a restaurant and we have the same playlist playing over and over. 

Means I hear the song at least 50 times on top of all the other times I'd hear it during the regular day. 

Edit - it's not eVEN GOOD. 
I fear local radio are at blame for this, FreeRadio have just had their big gig last night; it included such big acts as Craig David, Olly Murs, Little Mix and Calum Scott.
Neither do the people here. 
That's because they are sane, rational people.
Putting milk in first not only saturates your water, wasting potential for the water molecules to bind to the molecules in the tea and help mature the flavour. 

But it also greatly reduces the temperature of the water, further lowering the potential for the proper molecules to form and coalesce. It's like preheating your oven to 150 when you're supposed to cook something at 180. 

Would there ever be a scenario where that needs to happen? No is the answer. We haven't HAD to put the milk in to save our shitty china for years now, and it's an antiquated custom that results in a worse cup of tea. 
Comments like that are for the first of April. 
That's because it's not the right way to make tea.
There's hope for your friends yet!
*What?*
Whilst the method you are using is deplorable, I must say should your brainwashing method work bravo - if they believe this then they are putty in your hands for basically anything you can think of to make them do.
Nice method OP, rattle the cage and run. 

Milk first if a pot. Milk first when teabagging your a bloody lunatic!
are you making it with a teapot /u/Randomness_incarnate ? if so, milk in cup is the correct way. if not do you prefer firing squad or long drop?
Can I add to that (even on non managed motorways) the people who carry on driving down lanes with a red x. And I'm not even talking about the people who do it to queue jump, I'm talking about those on a perfectly flowing motorway where they could just change lanes no problem. What do they think the bloody red x means??
I see that /u/HPB has been travelling again.
As opposed to regular shorts?
What do the celts have against back?
I thought it was called Canadian Bacon.
Rather than British Bacon. Apparently there were some complaints.
Where did you find it?
Nandos does nice food, but it's caught out me and several friends by the literal menu items. If you order a grilled chicken breast in any other place, you'd get given chips, salad etc on the side. 

My friend ordered it here and the look on his face was priceless when just a chicken breast was plopped in front of him.  

He assumed from the price that it would have more. 
I can take food pretty hot, but hot at Nando's is definitely pretty hot.
"Everything ok?" 

*snatches flag from table before you manage to swallow your food to answer *
They're just ensuring that your dining experience is cheeky with some top banter oi oi.
I saw somewhere that some guys on dates ask for medium but "please put an extra hot flag in" so it impresses their date.
Been a while since I've been Nando's, do they really ask if you want more chips? What would they do, charge you for an extra portion, or just sprinkle a few extra on your plate?
> It's weird.

That should be their bloody tagline. Welcome to Nando's, it's weird here. 
Nando's freaks me the fuck out. any place that's that expensive but I have to get my own cutlery and get out my seat to order is just backwards. Spoons it works because it's cheap and more of a pub, but Nando's needs to sort it out. Then the staff expect a tip, when I've done all the work. 
Buys half chicken from nandos,spends 30 mins cutting into that chicken with the side of a spoon as its sharper than the knife they give you
Being a white male in my twenties the "you sure about that" look when ordering extra hot anything never grew on me
I can manage hot food do a degree. But the first time I went to Nandos I ordered hot and whilst I managed to eat it, it was a struggle. 
I love Nandos, but the staff always come and ask me if my food's OK when I've got my mouth full.

Personally, I like the Wild Herb sauce the best.
Only 100mph? Put your fucking foot down you dawdling bastards, I'm in a hurry.
There is a spot in my local shopping center where you can see all three poundlands at once...
The bloody cheek of it! I was browsing my local Poundland today when a shelf of "after eights" chocolate mints caught my eye. I contemplated making a purchase but soon noticed the sign that said "after eights 2 for £3". This is Poundland, emphasis on the word 'pound'! Absolutely outraged! The sign should have read "after eights 1 for £1"
With each passing week it seems my preferred branch of Poundland has removed two shelves of pound item and replaced them with multipound items. It's the end of an era.
Brexit Britain innit
Must be another victim of inflation
I remember a place on Watford market sneakily changing from being called £1-something-or-other to £1.50-something-or-other in around 1994, so they've done well to hold out until 2016.

Saying that, they've probably got a bit more buying power than one bloke running a market stall, but still.
The one next to me is a "Poundland Clearance" meaning they have a load of normal stuff at £1 and a whole load of tat that they need to get rid of from when they bought out Family Bargains ranging in price from about 20p to £20.
Inflation, etc. The only 'true' dollar store in Canada sells everything for $1.25. 

The rest are just shitty versions of Wilkos.
I went into poundland yesterday to buy those naff battery powered lights for decorating the office, cos we can't have plug in ones since they're not pat tested (even though our computers haven't been pat tested since September 2015) couldnt see anything for £1. I picked up some dummies for my daughter at £2 per pack of 2, they were cheaper in sainsbury by50p. 

Tldr; I couldn't see anything for £1 in poundland. 
The issue I have with this is that the stuff they are selling for more than a pound isn't some amazing bargain but in many cases is more expensive than the supermarket.


a pound + whatever else we want you to pay for our stuff


maybe this was their plan all along, after swallowing up every single 99p store in the country
I live in the Isle of Man. We have something called Dealz, with everything under £1.20. Guesse how much it costs to ship things across to us!
Open up a true pound store and fill the gap in the market. 
It's an unsustainable business model, given that the quality and quantity of goods is going to be reduced all the time due to inflation.
> Recently the Poundland near me rebranded to "Poundland Plus". Many items in there are more than a pound.

So it's really Pound-Plus Land, then?
Unless he turned the tube upside-down like some kind of animal he must have a Pringle finger. This long, slim appendage can slide down the gap twixt Pringle and tube, slip in under the stack, thumb on top of the stack, gracefully withdraw half the tube.  

Pringle-fingered cunt.
Fun fact. You can actually cook a sausage in a Pringles can in a sunny day. You cut the side open in a sort of h-shape, fold it open and put the sausie in - point it towards the sun - it makes an impromptu solar oven.

Not in fecking November, though, obviously.
Twist the can so it about breaks their wrist next time.
What kind of monster takes a handful? You take a stack of pringles, not a handful! 
Can you quantify 'a handful' please?
Are we talking 5 or 25?
Do they taste good?
They have pigs in blankets flavour Pringles now?

I have to try this.
I ride a motorcycle in the snow, why is everyone such a wimp? Let your tyre pressures down, use a high gear, lots of clutch slipping.

It's not hard man!
Thank fuck you're not the only person on the planet then.
Do you watch a lot of Colombo and Murder She Wrote?
You'd be surprised.
You should write to ofcom.
Are you entitled to any benefits as a low earner? It's not surprising people are happy to sit on the dole if working makes you worse off. 
and now my boiler has turned off and my landlady doesent answer the phone after 6. at least we might freeze before we starve.
I would echo the advice about Turn2us, also look at Entitled2 which is the same thing.

Do you pay your Council Tax over 10 or 12 months? Many councils default to 10 month (meaning you don't pay in Jan/Feb) but you have a right to pay it over the full year, it's not much but it can ease the pressure.

If you are allowed you should definitely get rid of the pre-paid meter, you pay a huge premium to have that.

You say your married, if you are paying any tax on your income and your wife isn't then apply for the married couples allowance, you can transfer £1000 of your wife's unused tax allowance to your own which puts £240ish a year back in your pocket.

Finally I would suggest heading over to Moneysavingexpert.com, that site is full of amazing advice on anything to do with money, benefits, debts etc, the forums are full of people in your situation (and worse!) and are very active with excellent advice.

Good Luck OP, at least you are trying to do the right thing and work to support your family.
I'm £30 a month better off working. 

My travel card to get to work costs £60. :(
crypto currency not paying the bills then?
Tax Credits? Child Benefit? Council tax reduction scheme? Also ditch the prepayment meter, ask your utility company to remove it as you can get dual fuel discount and better if you don't have prepayment.
It is staggering that any number of governments have failed to deal with the cliff edge issues with welfare.  It can't be that bloody difficult to arrange a taper to various benefits, or failing that, at least a period of adjustment.
Aren't you able to claim Working/Child Tax Credits and Council Tax Support?
Yes, but now you're part of the decent, hardworking, normal people. Feels better, doesn't it?
Have you considered eating your wife?
Not everything on /r/frugal is daft. There are way to help cheaper meals and insulate so you don't have to choose between heat and eat. Utilitise your local library for books, films, music and games for free entertainment and if you reach a crisis point, the food banks. 
I mean if needs must and your wife is not earning. You could like rent her out for a few hours a week. 
I'm in a similar position, the maths just don't work, any way i cut it, each week something isn't getting paid, food, fuel, rent and heat are more important that tv license, council tax and anything else i can get away without paying for another week, 

Good luck
I pay >£1,000 every month in deductions for things I don't want to and frankly don't agree with. 
I've never used the fire service or social care services!

I do enjoy the moral high ground of being able to say "Sorry I have a job, suppose I'll pay twice" every time I go to the dentist or chemist.
"No random Yodel parcels today, maybe tomorrow..."
Down my road we have the weekly lottery of 'has that idiot at number 26 left his car parked on the corner again so you can just about get a car round him but no chance you can get a huge fucking bin lorry round it you fucking idiot Dean?'

Sometimes it can take them 3 days to come round again, which I'm sure isn't a problem for Dean as he lives on his own so has plenty of room for a few weeks of lager cans and takeaway boxes, but for those of us with kids is a pain in the arse!

Fuck you Dean and your stupid fucking car!
Also to make sure some git hasn't put a dog poo bag in your bin. 
I put my rubbish in a black bag into my bin. Often the bin man reaches in takes out the black bag and leaves the bin open. I have come home quite a few times to find it has been raining and the bin is full of water. Very annoying ...
I have the 'where have they put the bin this week' followed the look, sometimes disappointment as they randomly don't empty one or the other of the recycling bins.
Oh, mate. This. A million times this. I feel your pain. For the love of Mike, let the people on the train who want to escape the shuddering hell of [insert carrier's name of choice]'s metal tubes of despair get off the train, before even attempting to take their place on the rail bound hell-carriages... It's not complicated.
The way they repeatedly stab it like it'll admit defeat and open anyway, before giving up (probably the same people that do it to pedestrian crossings).
High Speed 1 is the worst, it takes about 20 seconds for the door to open and people repeatably jabbing the button is so annoying!
You mean they don't do the correct way of hovering thier hand 1mm over the button, then jabbing it like a fucking cobra as soon as it lights up.  
I ate a box of 6 last night. I have no regrets…
I'm doing quite well. I even bought today's lunch yesterday.
I bought beer. Screw the lot of you, I need this.
Apologies. I bought a book in a charity shop
I bought sweeties and tickets to see Fantastic Beasts in 3D and I don't regret it because the local little independent cinema it was £14 for two of us and you get to keep the specs!
I was very surprised. Currys was like a Boxing Day rehearsal.
Well, I was close. The only thing I've bought today was a packet of tobacco.
The one shop I've visited is Poundland where I purchased a box of French Fancies, seasonally renamed "Frosty Fancies". Although they don't taste anymore festive than usual. 
Today was the day I'd designated as Christmas Shopping Day and it never occurred to me it was the Day That Shall Not Be Named until I'd arrived in town.

I guess I could've gone back home but I'd booked the day off from work so... sorry?
I bought food and that was all. I didn't exactly have a choice given I was 45 miles from home. 
I bought chips. Now you're upset with me in two ways. 
Should've been rescheduled to the weekend. I like not starving.
To be fair, it has to be the cheapest "game show" in existence. If the teams win profit, the show gets its money back, even if they lose money, the show gets most of its money back.
Buy retail, sell wholesale, how can you lose?
It has made me think that I'll soon pick up something for £1 and clear my mortgage. 
What's that one with the fat man that looks like the robots from The Fifth Element?
This show taught me that if you really want a discount.. you're going to need a film crew with you to shame the seller into price lowering. 
Is everyone here a student? I'm thinking everyone here's a student.

EDIT: I didn't mean to start this..
Tim Wonnacott had the best catchphrase ever: "Join us next time for some more Bargain Hunting. Yes? Yes!"
If the sole point of TV programmes was to make a profit inside the show then TV would be very boring indeed. 
The best one was when I heard a promo for a Radio 4 show on unspoken communication. 

I will also never understand radio cooking shows. 
You spelt licence like a Yank.
None of the amounts are true though - friends of mine are dealers in antiques and featured in Bargain Hunt once; they sold a piece for about £140 and the show said it was £60; even the auction part is changed, it sold for £130 yet the show said £80.
What is this referring to? 
Hence why i refuse to bother with tv anymore since the Internet has far better stuff. Only benefit of bbc is david Attenborough 
We get this BS program in Australia too.
tv licenses. lol.
Last week a guy reached around me to press the button even though the light was lit because I had pressed the button. He apologised because apparently he wasn't sure if that meant the button had been pressed. I said it was fine, because you have to press the button at that junction otherwise the lights don't change, but secretly I was seething inside, because obviously I had pressed the button because the light was lit and everyone knows you have to press the button at that junction otherwise the lights won't change.
This reminds me of when I stood at a crossing for half an hour waiting for the Green bloke, thought the traffic was just really bad, but no I hadn't pressed the cocking button had I 
Now here's the problem, sometimes you press it and the light doesn't turn on. 

So if there's a crowd at the crossing and it's been a while, your choices are: 
 
* Wait with everyone else and see.
 
* Look like an impatient cunt who thinks everyone else is stupid and push the button. 

The risk is enormous. 
I fully support prison sentences for these people.
I ended up in an argument with a friend because of a damn pedestrian crossing. He went up and gently brushed the button, above which is a light to indicate it's pressing. The light didn't light up and the following conversation ensued. 

"You didn't press the button." I told him, staring judgmentally at the light. 

"I did." He insisted, his face etched with insult, horrified that I would insinuate that his fairy-like fondling of the button didn't qualify as in fact pressing the button.

I told him again, "You didn't." Pausing for a moment before I showed him the light that led cause to me suspicions, "Light's not on." 

Before another protest could be uttered I lent over and firmly pressed the button, forcing it solidly into it's socket. His indignation was clear, but the light lit up and he could not protest. The traffic then halted, as per the request of the button (Blessed Be It's Pressing), and he didn't have much room to complain because I gave the bugger a lift home. 

I am of the belief that buttons are like olive oil, we all want the first pressing, but none of us really know why it's such a big deal. The second pressing is almost an insult. 
Never trusted them to begin with. I always press the button on my arrival regardless of how many others are there, you can't trust the general public to know what they're doing.
Always hated those thick fuckers who walk up to a crossing, look at the box, sees that "WAIT" is illuminated...then press furiously three times

Oh fuck you mate, is that the secret code to make it go faster? Cunt
To be honest I'm always under the impression these buttons don't do anything and they're just there to keep pedestrians content.
Imagine this nightmare scenario, you come to the crossing, alone, there's only one car coming, so no need to press, just wait for the car to ass and cross.  But before you can go, a whole load of cars start coming out a side street, so now you will have to press, so you press, but the traffic suddenly goes away as quick as it came just after you press, so you just cross, then a whole load of cars come out the side street right after you get across and the lights go red and stop them all, with noone on the crossing, and you're just walking along ast all the people you stopped for no reason, then you look back and an old lady is about to cross but the lights change back and now she will have to wait ages cos you wasted the red light.  You prick.  
I didn't realise it until now, but I miss the joys of living in a big city where the lights are automated. 
People in Warrington have never been able to push the button
If i'm the only one crossing, I feel rude pressing the button and making traffic wait. I guess i'm part of the problem
Man I tried to get on the dlr the other week. Follow the signs, follow more signs, somehow get out of the station wandering down the road, get to monument, go back in the station, end up back at bank. Eventually get on train. 
I saw two live Roman Centurions down there still walking around lost.
Time and space operate differently in Bank. Passageways appear and disappear at will. If the universe ever does start tearing apart because of us, it won't start in Switzerland. It won't be the LHC. It'll be bloody Bank. 
Trying to get to the northern line from Charing Cross national rail station at the moment is like a fucking dark art! Exit the station, cross the road, walk west toward Trafalgar Square, down into the underground entrance, double back on yourself, walk back under charring cross station and Bobs your uncle, Fanny's your aunt; the bloody northern line.
> Public transport exists so you don't have to walk as far to get where you need to go

Unless you're going Covent Garden to Leicester Square, or Charing Cross to Embankment (or vice versa).
What really gets my goat is people who can't be arsed to carry their laptop in a bag and wheel it around in cabin luggage thingies instead, taking up the space of three people rather than one.. cretins.
I saw two women recently nearly start throwing punches due to a wheely suitcase incident.  This was of all places in M&S.

Bizarrely they kicked off in front of a police officer, who was bravely patrolling the sandwich aisle.  He quickly stepped in and their middle-class instincts dissuaded them from further escalation.
They're like caravans for pedestrations, and should be consigned to the same fire.
I once got pissed off enough to actually do it. The stupid bitch walked right across me and i nearly tripped on the wheeled beast. I had had a shitty day at work so lashed out and kicked the little fucker. Unfortunately I forgot, in my rage, that I had an ingrowing toenail on that foot so I'm sure that it hurt me a hell of a lot more than it did the stupid wheelie thing. 
What annoys me the most is during busy periods when someone with a wheely suitcase cuts you up by walking diagonally in front of you. 

Without a case, yes you can make it if you're walking quicker than the person you're cutting up but with one of those dragging behind you at arms length someone will walk into it. 

Definitely deserve a good kick. 

*On a side note, on one of my last lads holidays around 10 years ago and we all thought it'd be funny to kick each others suitcases over as we were wheeling them through Lanzarotes airport....Found it hilarious at the time......families and O.A.Ps abroad just looked at us with disgust 
You could just go to anger management 
If I had to guess, people have been buying food and then hanging around, cluttering up the place.

They jack the prices to discourage it without having to actually confront the problem... Hell, as a passive aggressive type, I'm just impressed at the thinking.
The rules on VAT for food are complicated. A lot of foods are zero-rated, including cold take-away items (excluding certain snacks like biscuits and crisps).

Food which is baked and designed to be eaten hot (or luke warm-ish, as is often the case), is taxed.

Cold sandwiches, and cold take-away food generally, aren't taxed, but if you eat them on the premises then they fall under "catering" because they're being made and eaten on the same site. Catering is taxed.

With Greggs being a bakery chain, they'll all be sent the same signage for their shops. So even the Greggs near me - which is just about big enough for 3 people to fit comfortably inside of at the same time - has signs referring to eating in.
It's a Planning thing. For the purposes of Use Class they are officially a shop, not a cafe, so in most cases they won't put in tables etc. 
They want you come come round the counter and sit in their laps. 
They're probably getting antsy about the pending legal action for not having customer toilets in branches where they have a sit-down area.  
My feeling is that they'll lose the case (because they're blatantly breaking the law and being anti-competitive) and are probably holding-off installing seating areas in case they do.
I hope you followed the driver all the way to his destination just to explain that it really wasn't you but the bloke behind and you're really sorry about the whole ordeal.
I was queuing at lights the other day and because I was waiting I leaned to get something from the passenger foot well.  When I came back up I tooted the horn.

really sucked :(  I turned to go a different way to avoid the embarassment


Next time double down and ram his bumper.
You can't beat being honked at the instant a light goes green. 
Jesus who honks their horn???  I've seen someone honk their horn in East London at a driver towing a car because they didn't make a light. 

At which point, the person got out of the car being towed and walked to the honkee.  After a bit of verbal he headed back to his car to shout at his mate (in the car being towed) to "GIVE ME MY FACKIN' BLADE"

The honker did a quick u-turn in the other direction. 

It was a good day.  Hopefully the person learned not to be a rude, impatient see you next thursday. 


Was he sat there on a green light? 
I once honked at someone at the front because an ambulance wanted to get by so he just sat waiting for them to turn green. Nothing was coming at all.
Could it just be that David Walliams isn't funny?

Having said that it didn't stop them making 5 series of Citizen Khan and My Family managed 11 series without a single laugh.
Coming soon to BBC: Lenny Henry and David Walliams in a new comedy classic remake...
He has an ex wife and a baby to feed now.
[This should fix the problem](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56b09ZyLaWk)


I had a barber that charged £10. It was a PITA . £7-9 makes keep the change easy. £15 feels too much and I rarely carry change so giving him £15 and asking for change is even worse. 
Once, I had a cut so uneven that, after getting home and seeking the opinion of my wife, I went back and demanded they fix it. 
Omg a guy literally hacked my neck apart leaving me with a gash. 

Still tipped.
Why say anything else its too late now. 
if your a grown ass man, pay a grown ass price

£10 wont get you a good haircut, £15 on the otherhand with someone that spends 30-45mins on your hair will
They started appearing in the summer. I'm glad they got rid of their terrible drummer, but they need to expand their repertoire and the way they try to engage with passengers. They just walk down the carriage playing as loudly as possible and the guy at the front just thrusts a paper cup in front of you and stares for a few seconds.

In contrast, the two guys playing the violin and guitar are much better! They are more courteous, make lighthearted remarks between pieces and don't pressure anyone into paying.
We were in London for a bit of sightseeing on the NHS (specialist appointment, subsidised travel. God bless the NHS) and I loved the tube buskers. Actually thought it was piped music until we turned the corner and saw the bloke with the trumpet. 

Quite saddened they're not permanent fixtures.
Where was this? I haven't seen any tube trumpeters 
Are you living in a sit-com? Do you hear canned laughter whenever you make a decision? Is there a live studio audience replacing one of the walls in your home?
This has never happened to me, but given the same set of circumstances I would have done the same.  
Couldn't you just say "nah mate, it's just my house is right round the corner" when asked about your pub visit? That would have saved a lot of bother. You never needed to lie in the first place.
re-runs of 70s episodes of *Top Of The Pops* are actually fairly frequent, both on BBC 4 and a couple of other channels that have presumably licensed them. Granted, they are heavily censored but still. 
I actually laughed out loud. Great story 
This is fucking fantastic, I've been doing this kind of non sense acts a lot of times and it amaze me to see that it's actually a thing. Made my day.
Hah! Great story OP. I like how you committed to getting a pint, wouldn't it have been easier to just get a bag of pork scratchings or something and wait for five minutes instead?
>Upon entering the pub i had no choice but to buy a drink so it didn't look like i walked in and walked out. I then spent the next 20 minutes drinking my pint, looking around and frequently checking my watch and phone so it still looked like i was waiting for someone and not drinking alone on a Thursday night, i finished my last gulp, muttered "F**k it they're not coming" and walked out.

There's the real problem - no shame in having a pint on your own in the pub, just grab a quiet seat and something to read, and savour it!


I once got a bit freaked cause my taxi driver was a bit pervy, so I made them take me to my parents who were away. I had to let myself in and wait for 15 minutes until he went, then walk the 15 minutes home to my actual house, at 4am, not fun!
You committed to it!
Better not get a taxi again for a while. What if you get the same guy and he thinks it's a regular thing. You might have to become a local. 
>I then spent the next 20 minutes drinking my pint, looking around and frequently checking my watch and phone so it still looked like i was waiting for someone and not drinking alone on a Thursday night, i finished my last gulp, muttered "F**k it they're not coming" and walked out.

wow
How did it take you 20 minutes to drink a pint?
Great story. I used to be like this all the time. 
XC wifi is shit, tbh everything is shit on xc, even foirst class
The train service is run by a group of people who all have penis' instead of brains, to learn more about these self confessed "knobheads" and how you as a citizen get involved please visit your local library 
Has anyone ever successfully got the virgin video app to work? I always get an error every time I download and think "maybe this time will be different"
That was kind of him. You've now got time to fill it full of your junk before he wakes up.
Mmm, Prawn Cocktail flavoured I hope. Not that one will last long at all.
The inconsiderate sod! He should have waited to January so you could put your tree in it.
You never know he might throw away something useful. Builders do tend to chuck out handy  bits of wood. Keep an eye on it and let me know.  
That makes me cross.
Doing what? Do they push the button for you?
This always confuses me, surely the only point of Lollypop People is to help children across dangerous parts of the road where it would otherwise be unsafe.

I don't think a crossing specifically designed to allow pedestrians to cross safely falls into this category?
I've just had a great idea for pickpocketing unsuspecting road crossers... 
Tough road? Tag team ladies?
Yes I love that song–but it can never be played due to Dam-Busters-style problems ...
That's hilarious!
I call it "African-American Friday", to be more culturally sensitive ;)
RIP grammar
Don't know if you want to say 'unaware' or 'in awe', neither of which make much sense.
Today is buy nothing day: http://www.buynothingday.co.uk/
This post turned my Friday black 
The other half and I went and did our weekly shop today, not getting involved in all this other bullshit though.
Except for the bloody shops. Passed card factory earlier on my way through town and they had a black friday sale. 
Are you drunk OP
I can't wait to find out what Monica *can* wait for.
They keep showing the same reaction shots over and over.
Can replace one with egg Wallace
Why does totally normal deodorant and shower gel of the sort that everyone uses everyday  become an acceptable gift when packaged in superfluous cardboard and sold at an inflated price?
You'll have to break into your Birthday supply now.
Work from home for the next month? You'll soon get used to the smell.
Time for a trip to the poundshop.
It saddens me to learn that no one got you a set as an Autumn Harvest gift, a Halloween gift, a Guy Fawkes gift, a Thanksgiving Gift or a Black Friday gift. Hopefully someone reading this will take note and get you a set as a gift for Cyber Monday or World AIDS day or Winter Solstice, at least they all crop up before Christmas.
When I run out of Lynx and Nivea for Men shower gel sets, I normally bathe in my own self loathing. 

Happy holidays - whatever that means. 
Similar situation in spoons a while back. 11:57am and the bastards were already putting out the lunch menu - still managed to snaffle a full English though.
A month ago I stopped off at a Mcdonalds on my way to Wales at 10:20am, 10 mins left of breakfast and managed to place my order only to be one of the people waiting and watching the queue as the menus changed. It was glorious.
Is there not some sort of central telephone number you can ring?
Where did you end up hiding the body?
Don't even try replacing it with a £7 kettle from Argos. Health & Safety will cordon off the building and investigate why you didn't use the approved supplier to buy one that cost £800.
Reply: "You can also pick up your P45 on the way through the door."
Are they American?  Or some other form of colonial?
Also ok, in a true emergency maaaaaybe you can nuke the water. Maybe. If there is literally no other option. Maybe. But nuking the water and milk together is just horrifying and wrong. 
I'm American and that's just unacceptable. 
That's why you use local builders merchants etc. Usually free next day delivery, and you can ring them up to see when it's coming in 30 seconds. How long does a bnq delivery take after your order? 
Northamptonshire's B&Q is terrible with delivery times xD
This happened to me a month ago with another company had to dash home 30 miles. The guy on the phone sounded miffed at me when I said he might have to wait like 10/15 mins for me since they were going to be early. And they say they people are usually late or never come at all 
If there are no more passengers going in or out you can press the door close button. The door will then close at your command and keep the heat and the stench of humanity in.
Often a blessing when on the northern line in the morning 
Please tell me it was at least a freephone number...
I've decided to use my keys. 
If you pick it up quickly there will be no germs. Pure science. "God kissed it, the devil missed it".
[deleted]
My experience with yodel is that you can confidently assume they are not going to deliver your parcel. 
Check wheelie bins, check your roof, check the back garden of the bloke that resides three streets away.

Chances are it was "delivered" there.
Fucking Yodel. I just went onto the tracker today for my parcel (a laptop from China) and found that it's been "returned to sender" - translation: "Someone thought the package was worth a few bob and nicked it"
Not saying they're coming but Amazon deliver until 9 
As an online reputation manager I am strongly drawn to this company :D Do you think they have 1-2 mil to spare?
Aye, I don't think they should be allowed to officially call themselves a delivery company. 
I have had a grand total of two parcels delivered by Yodel. Both were complete failures.

The first was meant to be delivered on a Saturday, so I spent the entire day at home without it being delivered. I then went out for the evening and returned home to discover a "we tried to deliver your parcel" note, with the time written in as 9pm.

The second delivery attempt resulted in my parcel being left outside my house because I wasn't at home to receive it, this was despite me specifying in the original order that I did not want the parcel left in a "safe place" if I wasn't around. There again, they didn't leave the parcel in a safe place because they left it outside, without cover in the rain, damaging the brand new laptop I had ordered beyond repair.

The second parcel had an attempted delivery while I was out and was left with a neighbour, despite me again specifying that I didn't want it left somewhere else if I wasn't there to receive it. The problem this time was that the delivery note that was popped through my letterbox had the wrong house number written on it for the neighbour the parcel was left with, meaning I had to trail around the houses on my street until I found the person that did have my parcel. 

I eventually did find it two days later with a very confused person living right at the other end of my road, whose house number was not remotely close to what was written on the card.

And that's why I now refuse to do business with anyone that uses Yodel as their delivery company.
Fucking bastards, don't even get me started on Yodel
Unbelievable story ahead  

I ordered something online recently, and got the dreaded email it'd be delivered by Yodel

They said they'd deliver it today, and remarkably, they actually did. The guy was pleasant and the parcel isn't damaged

I know it's all downhill from here, first and last time, etc
My favourite so far is Gary.
Yay Oldham is being mentioned for something other than how poor it is! I feel some pride swelling up inside of me.
They still doing that? They were talking about it 2 hours ago.
Grits out for Harambe!
Makes ya proud to be British don't it?
I'm not either.  I also don't watch anything with people in sequins, people on a field kicking a ball, people from Essex without talent, people on TV with talent, who don't have talent or anything where people get voted off.  I also dislike Midsomer Murders.
I actively avoid all those types of shows, in fact the only thing I watch on tv at the moment  is planet earth 2 
I won't watch it especially but fuck if it isn't fun when my wife has it on and I catch a bit. I'm ill. Help me. 
I haven't watched Tv in a long time. It's all YouTube and Netflix these days
You're not. Can't stand I'm a celeb. I'd rather watch paint dry 
Well I didn't know it was on till I read your post so I win. ;-P
Not alone. I don't even know who is in there this year!
I'm not. People ask me why I don't say an awful lot but all they talk about is TV shows that I don't watch; how can I contribute to those conversations if I know nothing about the topic?
You're not the only one! It's a bag of shite
Honestly I don't like any of that crap, Big Brother, Strictly Come Dancing, Britains got Talent, the one in the jungle. The only type of shows I enjoy are the detective series, I want another Luther!
I agree. I dot want to watch people eating gross things/ crawling through gross things. I just don't get it. You either aren't bothered about it so it's no challenge or you are bothered about it so then why are you doing it? As a form of entertainment it's just repetatitive. Oh look another person doing something gross. Boring!
Nor me. I won't let the boy watch it either even though his mates do. I've told him every time you watch someone eat a kangaroo bollock, a little bit of your brain dies. 

He's killing enough of them with the dabbing and the bottle flipping.
Worry not, you are not alone... 
There are plenty of us you can count as brethren.
You're not.  I wasn't even aware it was on at the moment.
I've never watched an episode either.  I salute you sir/madam.
I don't even know what you're talking about :/
Never watched a minute of any series and I plan to keep it that way.
Hey, did you hear that Martin Roberts is entering the jungle!? 
I usually watch it but this year it just looks shit 
Celebrities are people in our culture that we celebrate, right? :)
There is nothing that ever could persuade me to watch that sad excuse of a 'programme' 
[deleted]
I like to message them "just seen your mate" if they're not with me too 
Or when you see a friend with someone outside of your social group.

"Oooh, football friend!"
seeing a random woman and saying "see her, that's your mum that is"
Didn't ladbible post this earlier? 
Or an unattractive person and saying: 

"Oh, there's your boyfriend Geoff again."
Friend! 

*Two thumbs up*
I do that with friends.  I say, there goes your gynaecologist. lol.
"I don't fancy yours much", when you see two women, one hot, one less so
This will be digestives excuse for reducing the size but still charging the same.
Just consider it an invitation to [warm some stroopwafels on top](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXQWXPYcrMo)...
but perfect for my Rich Tea.
Ah yes, the emergency mugs.
You've just given me an incredible idea. Mark my words, you shall hear from me again, and will regard me as your messiah. 
Take a biscuit with you when you go mug shopping, or buy something from Sports Direct, and get a free bucket. Either way, you can then dunk in the comfort of your own home or office. 
There is a solution, radical as it might seem. BREAK THE BISCUIT IN HALF!!!!! This simple but risky procedure not only allows dunking in most mugs but gives you two biscuits for the price of one. 
You think this shit is _supposed_ to be easy!? 

We didn't forge ourselves an empire by having conveniently sized biscuits my friend!
Hang on, people dunk biscuits?

You bloody heathens
Would one of those loaf-shaped digestive biscuits fit into this ludicrous mug longways?
Good case for an International Standard.
Those would be the mug calling you a pig for how much you drink and biscuit.
Ukuleles have overtaken recorders as the most-used instrument in primary schools. This is mostly for the teachers' benefit, as a room full of badly-played ukuleles is infinitely preferable to the banshee shriek of thirty future world leaders squeaking their way through Frère Jacques.
Yes, but at the same time they're very cheap and durable allowing access to learning music for just about anyone. They require little to zero maintenance unlike a lot of brass or other woodwind instruments and are basically the gateway instrument to everything else. I sympathise with any parent who has to sit through grade 1 recitals of recorder groups at school but if they're good get them into a more dynamic instrument (not the violin, they're worse) and one day they might be worth listening to :)
I was awesome at the recorder.  Got promoted to the clarinet.  Not so much.
Maybe they're trying to kill kids' passion for music at an early age so that they don't need to spend as much money at gcse level? 
And it is Suo Gan and Pease Pudding on heavy rotation...

Oh yes, and [this](http://m.imgur.com/jHkqs90).
Because I was "good" at the recorder I was hand picked to be the poor kid who got to play the treble recorder when I was in year 6. For some reason they always did this to two kids in year 6, and another two got the big recorder (tenor I think?)

Anyway it was awful because the fingering was completely different. I felt like I was being punished not praised!

Much preferred playing the violin. Eventually gave that up too because I'm lazy.
The default choice when I was a kid was keyboards. If you already played another instrument you'd be fine but if you didn't? Have fun standing awkwardly in the back playing nothing but chords.
Do real musicians have 'respect' for the recorder?  
I've never seen it used in real life. Or been impressed by the sound.
I think tin whistles sound much better. Stuck with a single key, but that would make the room sound at least kind of in tune. 
> Chris Evans ~~trying to interview Jeremy Paxman this morning~~.
Evans isnt even fit to suck Paxmans dick.
Truly a meeting of minds for the ages
It was fucking dire.
Why do people hate Chris Evans so much? Seriously.  
His face in black and white a mile away isn't much to write home about either.
He looks even more pregnant than he did in Top Gear.
I'm still not sure on it. last week I managed to remain interested simply because I was interested in the three hybrid supercars, but the studio segments were... bad. Clarkson and Hammond seem even more scripted than before and May just seems to have given up. I haven't seen this week's yet, so I won't throw it in a heap yet, but now Evans has left I think I might enjoy Top Gear more. 
Is the new series of The Grand Tour super bright for anyone else? Or do I need to adjust the picture on my TV? 
If I punched a producer in the face, I'd never work in the industry again, let alone get my own show. 
I don't think I've been aware of what the #1 single is since that year Rage Against The Machine were the Christmas #1.

Ignorance truly is bliss.
Tbf thre's always been absolute fucking dross at the top of the hit parade. In no particular order and far from exhaustive but purely to illustrate lack of musical taste is no stranger to any decade (names might not be spot on but you'll figure out what I mean):

Shadappa Your Face

The Frog Chrous

Black Lace

Bomballerina

Crazy Frog

Mr Blobby

Cheeky Girls

Grandma We Love You

Doop

George Formby
And the lyrics are so revoltingly maudlin they might as well have been written by Charles Dickens...
At one point the number one single was a remix of Oh My Darling Clementine, and a rap version of Do Your Ears Hang Low got into the top 10 in America, so (sadly) rehashing a folk song for the yoof isn't anything new.
I want to be happy for another Clean Bandit #1 but this one feels like much more of a downgrade from their other hit this year.

Also, why does Sean Paul still exist?
It's a weird song alright. At least it's not The Chainsmokers anymore, ugh.
[deleted]
Ladder, lump hammer, sorted.
10p?! All the Asda's down our end do plastic bags 5p and bags for life 6p
You mean a 5p bag temporarily or a 10p bag for maybe a week or two?
Depends how optimistic you are, I suppose. I've got a bit of a cough at the moment but I think I'd be ok investing 10p.
Get the bags for life.

At least you can swap if they get wrecked, so long as you don't lose it.
Maybe they hope it will freeze and create a cheap outdoor ice skating rink, which could become a tourist attraction like that one in London. 

As you live near by you could earn a few quid selling overpriced cups of tea and hot crumpets.
Quick, call the Canadians.  We need more sport.
fackin ell
Just watched that too. 

I thought it was amazing. 
I'm a direct descendent of Louis XIII. And Charlemagne. But so is 90% of Europe. 

I think when you go back as far as Cromwell, a lot of Britons will be descendents of him.
Can you be an indirect descendent?
His wife was more happy about the fact she was a bloody princess.
They're scraping the barrel this series with the exception of Sir Ian McKellen of course. 
doesn't everyone end up like this after a few hops up their family tree?

If they kept going he was probably related to ghenghis khan too
looks like a bastard to me!

Is this some other Danny Dyer with an unfortunate name or is that actual shithead off the television?
Can we please stop touching the kids.
That's bad. So bad. 


Mind you I'm probably heading to hell anyway so I better not be a hypocrite.
Not cool
The actual problem being that noone said anything, and counts try and make shitty jokes for fake Internet points 
not even close to funny

It's Wolf. Just 'Wolf'.

I would also have accepted 'The Wolfman'.
OK what's your secret to avoiding the chuggers? 
My fave was Rhino, mainly because I misheard his name as 'Wino'.
"Victim. You will start on my first whistle"

"Charity man. You will start on my second whistle."

Gladiators ready?
It's a joke isn't it. For a week or two I had this guy phoning from 'Windows' bang on 6 everyday.
Mate, you need [TrueCaller](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.truecaller)
I had one the other evening.

Them: "I am calling regarding your all inclusive holidy you went on in the last 24 months

Me: "I wish I had the money to go on an all inclusive holiday in the past 24 months".

Them: "Ok, we will take you off the list"

10 minutes later, the phone rings:

Them: "I am calling regarding your all inclusive holidy you went on in the last 24 months
Step 1: Register your number with the telephone preference service


Step 2: Do not answer the phone to any numbers you don't recognise (something about their computer thinking it's an unused number and will add it to the pile of numbers not to bother with) If it's important they'll leave a message or....


Step 3: if you're near a computer put the number in google and check if it's a spam caller. (you can do this with your phone after but this way you'll know while it's still ringing) If it's important you can ring them back. 


Step 4: add them to your blocked list.


I do this and get maybe 1 spam call a month! 
I hate it when that happens at work
I usually ask them "and how much are you paying me for this information?" and "Do you really think you can get that info for free?"
It gets rid of them for me. I also NEVER give my telephone number away to a shop, EVER! Or indeed any organisation that says it's for 'security' reasons - it's not.
You can add numbers to auto reject list 
Don't be silly, without all these spam callers, how would you catch them and put them in tins? 
The government should make it easy and lawful to search the name and address of spam callers. It's time the papers did something useful and named and shamed these cunts.
I used to do QA for Vent Axia parts (amongst others things) back in the '80s. Guess things went down hill after I left ;)
I dread to think what you would do with a steamed horse. We aren't French, young man. 
Or more likely it's down to a dodgy installer who hasn't a clue how to design an extract system. I'll bet there's 10m of flex duct between the fan and the external louvre. 
Vent-Axia make some fantastic extractor fans as well. Don't blame the manufacturer, blame the builders who just use the cheapest useless ones just to meet building regs.
My driving instructor insisted on calling me Pete all throughout my lessons, despite my name not being anything remotely like Pete.  At the end of every lesson, I would give him a cheque, signed with my name and printed, but he never picked up on this fact.  It was only after the test, when he pointed out that they put the wrong name on my paperwork.  That's where it became a bit embarrassing and I had to quickly make up something about not using my real name.
Once had a guy call me Dave, I'm really a Rodney(Honest). Funnest moment at work ever
Last year, someone responded to someone else shouting "DAVE", and his name wasn't Dave. For the 6 months he was working there, he was renamed Dave. I can't even remember what his actual name was anymore. 
Perhaps you look like a Marion?
Don't worry, the woman in the sandwich shop called me Ian for over a year. I'm not called Ian. Luckily we've moved offices so the legend of Ian is forever safe
[Might be because you walk like John Wayne](http://m.imdb.com/name/nm0000078/bio)
I sort of look like I'm called Edward so everyone thinks they've met me at some point before and that they know my name
Are they really that bad if you buy them every time you're in there. 
Lidl have great cookies in my opinion. They cost more but it's worth it
Asda's ones are 50p 
In their biscuit section you can get a pack of peanut cookies, a brittle and crispy peanut biscuit that is fantastic when dunked. It soaks up just enough tea to soften the edges but leaves the centre part crispy.

Costs about 90p, get 12 biscuits.

10/10, would eat the whole pack in one go.
I might buy some today. 
I got chocolate doughnuts yesterday for 15p.  Time for breakfast.
Salted caramel mmm
It beats paying for them (there are cash machines which charge you a fee to use, often in pubs and things). That it is not one of those is useful information.
Think of those who didn't have a bank account or card years ago; they need to know. Also, I know that if I don't see that, I am not using that ATM when I am in an unfamiliar part of our beloved nation.
I think they need to advertise more that anyone can use any machine. My dad insists on using an ATM that is physically connected to a branch of his bank...
Just cover up the word Withdrawals, and see what happens.
As long as there are still those evil machines out here that charge you then they will keep putting it there.  If I see one that's not a normal bank one I'd be suspicious of it if it didn't say free on the top.  
I guarantee you that the American series is worse this year. 
Agreed, but Paul has been a shouty moany dickhead throughout the whole series and I was glad he went
Going to try crying at my next performance review
The whole show's a waste of time. Half of the people they're selling to are only buying because cameras are there, and a lot of the deals they get when buying stock is also because of the cameras.

Nevermind the fact that working out how well someone can run a business based on just one day of sales is totally ludicrous, especially if they're being made to sell/make/whatever something they have absolutely fuck-all knowledge or experience of.
There seems to be a shocking lack of common sense. These people are supposedly successful in their line of work, yet, cannot organise a piss up...

I know it's edited etc but some of what occurred boggles the mind. 
Lowest quality field of candidates ever..... There are usually at least 1 or 2 that are not total narcissists or thick as two planks. Can't say that this season.
Several candidates are getting worse week by week.  Sofiane and Courtney spring to mind -they looked half decent early on.  Now Sofiane has the attention span of a 2 year old and Courtney has lost all personality and drive and is now a dullard of the first water.
I love it... (particularly enjoyed Frances two facedness sucking up to Paul then ditching him shamelessly).
I can't believe that task where neither team won. The candidatess seem like absolute idiots. A lot of the tasks appear to have been about which team did "least bad" as opposed to best.
I think it's always been a case of watching prats flounder about while trying to do what should be fairly simply tasks (such as a couple of series ago when they didn't know a *candel*abrum had something to do with *candles*), but this series has definitely taken it too far.

I remember watching that 'here are the candidates' video before this series and mouthing "...what the *fuck..."*
One hopes you haven't got an electric shower as you'd have a poor electricity provider showering shit on you. It's adding salt to injury. 

Sorry. 
Get Lockets every time! https://www.amazon.co.uk/Lockets-Honey-Lemon-Candy-Pack/dp/B000PIH3ZM
...and don't forget to brush your teeth, because those things STICK something chronic. :D
"Look everyone! It's not just us!"
M...kay.
What's your point?
There were supposed to have been tens of thousands of young girls raped by paedophile gangs. Why aren't the prisons bursting at the seams? It seems to me a lot of people have just got away with it....only celebs are worth chasing down as they're easy targets
What are we celebrating?
Itll be over on Saturday thank fucking god
Which one is that, Valentine's day?
From what I remember 2014 saw a recreation of the mayhem, violence and stampedes of the USA here in the UK when they did Black Friday. For the 2015 version everyone had wised up, and shops opened up at midnight for the benefit of precisely zero customers. 

I am amazed that they are even bothering with another go at it all in 2016, although in fairness the advertising and promotion has been a lot more restrained that the last two years.


If you're referring to Black Friday then Britain definitely isn't the only country. Australia and New Zealand have it now too. So does Spain, France and I think Germany. There are probably more countries with Black Friday sales though. 
Black Friday isn't a holiday. It's just the first day of the year that US retail traditionally goes into the black so they mark this with huge sales. Thanksgiving Friday is a public holiday in some states but not all.

Since the majority of companies are multinational these days, they presumably now go into the black everywhere, so why not mark that everywhere? (I assume this is the logic, I may be crediting companies with too much thought)
It's not a holiday and nobody I've ever met celebrates it. It's just a day that retailers want to make into a thing to flog their goods, and people are quickly realising that it's a bit of a myth that on this one particular day you can get things loads cheaper than on any other day. Don't over-think it.
But the thing is, there's no need for the shops to open, whereas there is a need for emergency services, utilities etc. The other arguement is that its a break for them between two busy periods - Christmas and the New Year.

I don't see the need for a petition though, surely people who don't agree with Boxing day opening should simply not go to the shops, and if aenough people did, then they would not bother opening!
No one needs to go shopping on Boxing Day. Next certainly don't need to open at 5am. (Really, Next have been known to open at 5am on Boxing Day. I know it sounds mental, it's a clothes shop FFS, but Google it. It's true.)
I finish work on the 22nd and go back on the 4th. You may get me outside the house to empty the bins or buy milk or at a stretch go to the pub but fuck going clothes shopping or anything like that.

Its Christmas, I intend to eat and drink my way to mild alcoholism and gout
It's ridiculous that people queue up at 5am to go to Next because the shops being shut the previous day was too much to cope with. 

Don't go to the shops on Boxing Day, spend time with family/friends. Go for a walk in the glorious British countryside or carry on getting pissed in front of the tele. 
I remember working one Boxing Day when I worked in retail and having a guy have a screaming rant at me about how it was disgusting that we were open on Boxing Day *while he was shopping in the shop*. Guy, if you don't want things to be open why the fuck are you here?
We got double time on Boxing Day when I worked in retail. I loved it.
I used to work retail many moons ago and the sad fuckers would be queued at the door at 10am on boxing day....their lives are that shit, they could be bothered to go and stand outside a kitchen shop in the rain early on a boxing day. Are their friends and family really that shit to spend time with?!
For the first time in 12 years I have Boxing Day off. In exchange I get to work New Year's Eve and day. 

I don't know if I'm happy with this. 
Working retail 9 AM - 6 PM on Boxing Day. **sigh**

I can't complain too much considering the emergency services, utilities, and hospital staff who work throughout Christmas do a much more important job, but they don't have to witness a fat housewife throwing a tantrum because a JML Tangerine Polishing Kit is only 35% off.
It's only the people you can see working they want having time off.  If you're one of those 'invisible' but vital cogs, they want you working.
People are getting fed up with the rampant commercialism and materialism in the build up to this strange festival. Commercialism they wrap up in heart warming adverts to make you feel all gooey inside. I'm not religious at all but the whole thing doesnt represent who the festival is for in any way going by what I was forced to learn in school. 

/r/titlegore 
One day, when you're successfully integrated into the middle class, you'll look back on this day and thank yourself for it.
Not as bad as when i asked for a Bake Steak. Then corrected myself by saying " Sorry! *Bake Steak*" Then doing that thing where you know what you're saying is wrong but can't think of the correct thing because you've said the wrong thing so often. I didn't manage to get the correct version out because Fat Sharon had already bagged it and said "Thass wan fort-ee dahling".
Don't worry, you can just go to the one that's only a 30 seconds further walk instead.
Think they also do a chicken bacon bake.

You are now obliged to say that five times quickly.
Same dilemma here but for some reason I ended up with a chicken katsu thing. It was actually really tasty apart from the fact that every bite made filling come gushing out. I don't how how to prevent that. 
Get a Festive Bake on! 
Greggs is but a distant memory for me, we have a selection of £1 bakeries in my town.
2 pasties for £1, they don't taste any different to me either
In fairness the 'chicken' is probably turkey and the steak is probably horse meat drowned in gravy...
Not really a British problem is it though, just a general annoyance
Would you rather it be called "Black in Time for Dinner"?
*THEIR 

Apropos quality.  
For so many reasons, this post is bad and you should feel bad.
That's a killer. 
why is everything on this sub about adverts
I wouldn't allow "This town has two Tesco's" as it should be "This town has two Tescos".

But how do you feel about 'The Asda'?
I love going to Tescos, its where I buy all my Legos
Finally, an actual rule 2 obeying British problem that is actually British in r/britishproblems.
I like to annoy people by calling it Tescoses. I also say Sainsbury's as Sainsberries. (Emphasis on the berries).
I haven't thought of anything for Morrisons or Asda yet.
You're wrong. It's not Tesco.

Tesco is a brand name, it's the shortened form of the name of a non-physical entity - a legal moniker for a business.

Tesco PLC own supermarkets. They're Tesco's supermarkets which is why they bear their (the company's) name "Tesco". Tesco also have distribution centres, a bank and other entities that are either part of the PLC or an associated company.

Rather than saying "I'm going to Tesco PLC's supermarket in Milford Haven" we abbreviate. As Tesco is primarily known, and widely so, for it's supermarkets that is assumed - though co-workers at a distribution centre may use a differing context of course - and it is very common practice to drop the PLC from a company name. Context dictates the necessity for geographic precision and it's not usually necessary in normal parlance. Ergo we have "I'm going to Tesco [PLC]'s [supermarket] [in Milford Haven]" or to spell it out without the omissions "I'm going to Tesco's".

Now, often people refer to stores as "a branch of" the parent business. In those situations rather than say "I'm going to a branch of NEXT Clothing Company" we say "I'm going to NEXT". Obviously you can't "go to" a non-physical legal entity so suggesting you're attending a business, rather than their premises, is silly. But nevertheless we make this leap and "go to NEXT" or wherever you pick up your manufactured textile coverings suitable for human use, or "clothes" as the rest of us call them.

Call it what you like though, doesn't bother me that you're so wrong.
You sound like you're getting a bit Tesco's mate.
I blame J. Sainsbury.  Right from the very beginning, he seems to have been [confused about whether his shop was "Sainsbury" or "Sainsbury's"](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/82/Drurylan.jpg).
ASDAs, TESCOS, Aldis, it happens to all of them! I have a theory that the posh supermarkets names end in S's so that their client's don't make this mistake and can feel superior - M&S, Waitrose...


The word 'Tesco' sounds weird to me
It's fine for shops to be referred to with the possessive. It's not included in the sign because it's grammar rather than the name itself.
So how do you cope when someone says ''These tea bags are Tescos's own brand'' heheh
You should work for the daily mail with your capitalization skills 
I blame Sainsbury's!!!
I always just assumed it was a shortening of Tesco's supermarket, or Tesco's shop. I.e: I'm just popping to Tesco's, you want owt? being colloquial language for: I'm just going to Tesco's store (the store belonging to Tesco), do you want anything?
Matalan get the same problem, i still somewhat call them Mataland.
[deleted]
You're not really British. If you were British, you would know how to use an apostrophe correctly.
It's an abbreviation for "the supermarket that belongs to Tesco". It's Tesco's supermarket. Tesco's.
This is as annoying as the yanks saying "Legos".  I cringed when I typed that. 
Thank god Woolworth has gone.
When you say Tesco, it's short for the Tesco Supermarket, the Tesco Extra (whichever specific one geographically or whichever part of the Tesco Group you are referring to is generally implied). When you say Tesco's, it's short for Tesco's (specific branch/product insert here).

"Hey, what phone do you have?";

"The new Samsung one"

"I have Samsung's new one"

"What shop do you want to go to?";

"The new Tesco shop"

"Let's go to Tesco's new shop"


Both can be right in the correct context, but most people would probably say "The Tescos Extra" if given the chance, so you are most likely right, people are calling it wrong in the back of their mind. 
This town has two tesco's what?
I wonder if that's *why* it's in twenty foot tall [bloody] letters, they're seeing how big they need to make it before people understand how it's spelt.
Like Lego and legos. Doesn't make sense. 
Exactly. You wouldn't say "going to Asda's to buy teabags" now would you?
Do they sell legos?
Tescoses
How about Nisa.

Even they pronounce it wrong.

It's clearly nisa, but they insist on calling it nicer.
Let's all go to Tesco's, where OP buys his best clothes.
People here (Leics.) pronounce it AZDOR. With a short 'o' like in 'office'. 
I cringe everytime I say this but I can't help it! 
I am guilty of this
for Sainsburys my social group calls it SainOs 
I don't mind tesco's. It is short for "shall we go to tesco's local superstore"
Tesmo's, asda's, sainsbo's, & mozzers
Fuck that, I'm off to Tescos... 
When people say "'MacDonalds" instead of "McDonalds"
I once heard someone call Iceland "Icelands" 

Fuck sake.
http://i4.manchestereveningnews.co.uk/incoming/article8009954.ece/ALTERNATES/s615/JS49533376.jpg

Tecco Master race 
What about Mencer and Spencer ? 
When my parents took me shopping as a kid my mum always used to say she wanted to go to 'bomb marsh' which confused the hell out of me for ages.  (Eventually worked out she was saying Bon Marche, but actually she was still wrong because the shop she went into most was Debenhams.
Just flows better
ere', what's he on abouts?
/r/dweebproblems
Tescos
[removed]
And I thought that was strictly a Southern US thing. huh...
I occasionally pronounce Tesco "Tescus". I don't mean to and it makes me cross at how lazy I am
They didn't renew Jon Holmes' contract because "we always hire presenters on merit", now they are filling the time with people with so much merit that it flakes off them like talent dandruff.
I think it's their "the news only covers I'm A Celebrity and whatever the fuck Nigel Farage is doing so we probably better trying to do something educational to compensate" section.

They started doing it last series.
I think they've realised that the news is becoming satire-proof. Why try to make jokes when reality already makes your head explode? Plus, that Robert Peston, he's a larff, innee? And that Stephanie Flanders, her dad was a comedian, wonnee?
Well I for one like it when my train can stop properly instead of losing traction when braking. 
Yeah, I'd expect that at this time of year. Bugs me that people actually think this is a made up excuse rather than reality.

Leaves fall on the line. Passing train wheels crush those leaves on the rail head into a *really* slippery paste coating the rail head. Following trains now have very little traction with the surface. I have seen reports of trains applying full service brakes and there being no appreciable reduction in speed for over a mile because of low surface adhesion.

As a result they have to travel slower, and brake *much* sooner. This means it takes them longer to get places.

What is there to not understand about this?  


oooh look at the posh bloke with the tumble dryer. 
Put them in the washing machine on a spin cycle first, waste of electricity otherwise. 
They will still smell of rainwater... May as well have washed them with the other clothes.
Currently using the laundry at work to warm my chef whites through before I put them on. 

Yes. It is that cold in my work kitchen. 
You need to invest in a waterproof mate.
Nice one pal
Preparing for our robot overlords. 
Reminds me of the time I once apologised to a stack of chairs which fell over at school because my jumper snagged one of the legs
Amazing.
Not just babies, but responsible for the deaths of many animals, including but not limited to; Sun Bears, Sumatran Tigers, Orangutans, Binturong and so on. See,  in a lot of their products, Nestlé use Unsustainably Sourced Palm Oil which in essence, involves burning down forests for the aforementioned oil, without replanting or rehousing the animals in the affected areas.  See this

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1BCA8dQfGi0
Weren't they the firm that wanted to own all the water?
My brother actually wrote in a complaint letter over it and they sent him a tub of just toffee duluxes
Everyone's blowing things way out of proportion. They got rid of one of the 3 toffees and replaced it with the only honeycomb. Why do people hate change so much?
[This video gives a quick overview of some of Nestle's problems, for anyone unaware.](https://youtu.be/U-eKIwojJEE)
Better not have been the Caramel Swirl!
They are scum. I never by Nestle products 
What else have nestles done? Surely they can't be as bad as Cadburys.
I've never forgive them for changing the pronunciation of their name to the continental way. 
Good chocolate 
Dear Vodaphone Twitter,  
Thanks for your SMS alleging you're the #1 UK network. Can you fix my Internet now please? 
For about 20 mins of my school journey I have no reception. Like none. My Vodafone's new network speed checker thing told me I had 0.03Mbit/s download speed, 0.06Mbit/s upload speed and 4780ms ping. That's not even all - it gives you a map locating you by your data signal so (when I finally had reception again) I had a look and I was getting my reception from near Finsbury Park Station, FOUR POINT TWO KILOMETRES away across North London as the crow flies, according to Google Maps...
I don't receive text messages from the NHS since I moved over to Vodafone.

This is really annoying when you literally can't use an STD clinic (Dean Street Express) without a mobile phone (appointment slot booking and results).

[Also their mobile phone app is spying on all your apps, how often and the duration that you use them.](https://imgur.com/a/WypG5)

Thanks Voda. Much love.
I haven't been charged by them since April, I started a chat with them in June because I noticed, but they said when I renewed my contract I "entered under a special lucky draw" which meant I got my contract for free. 

It seemed pretty unbelievable but I'd already got unlimited calls, texts and data for £10 after threatening to leave so I thought maybe they just really wanted my custom (even though I wasn't paying anything..)

Anyway I got a text from them last month saying they had messed up my billing when they changed their system, so it wasn't a lucky draw after all :(
They were fined a mega amount of money (multiple millions of £) not more than a month ago for having awful customer service.. Not sure how they can be voted #1.. 

Beats O2 who lose signal for days at a time and have done a couple of times now.. 
I left Vodafone recently after more than a decade with these jerks. I couldn't be happier, phone-wise. There are much cheaper options.
Mad that I worked on an industrial estate in the middle of nowhere for months, and my Vodafone phone couldn't pick up 3G, but every one of my co workers on o2, Tesco, 3 etc. could. Best network my arse
Can someone provide me with guidance on how to conjugate 'text'? If it were a regular verb then I'd expect the past tense to be 'texted' but I've seen 'text' used so many times I'm starting to think it has been decided that it's an irregular verb.
This has been my life for the past 3 months. My mobile data just stopped working all of a sudden despite definitely still having credit. After many calls and emails with Vodafone, the problem is apparently being handled by 'mission control', and has been for about a month now.
Crikey. And I thought O2 was shit.
Vodafone have AWFUL customer service. Sit on hold for hours to get through to someone who can't help you, then they'll email you later to say that they've done the exact opposite of what you asked.

On the other hand, their home broadband is very fast and they haven't charged me yet. I tried to ring to let them know, but after sitting on hold for 45 minutes I decided not to bother...
It should be clarified that they were voted number 1 by consumer experts, not the general population.
Vodafone are the absolute worst
'texted'? Or am I losing this battle, and witnessing the birth of a new irregular verb?
You must still be so startled you've managed to post twice. 
Your train crashed, someone will be along shortly to lead you on your journey into the afterlife. 
I had a holiday like that. After seven days of bliss and good fortune I was utterly convinced that we would perish on the plane journey home.  Very unsettling.
I was showered, had eaten breakfast, had my lunch prepared, the cats were fed and I had a crisply pressed shirt on this morning when I left the house a full five minutes earlier than I actually had to.

And then I discovered that the Metro was completely knackered and there was no way I was going to get to work that wasn't going to be utter chaos and take forever.
Have you by any chance seen 28 Days Later?
immediate proof you're in a simulation.
i cant believe you chose to joke about bob dylan dying in 2016. if anything happens, it's your fault
The best player in the world is fairly useless for his country, the two best players in the world dive regularly, and the player in question played for Liverpool and still managed to win the Champions League. Gerrard was fucking amazing, people care about football and that's why it's in the news.

Bob Dylan hasn't done anything significantly good since Blood on the Tracks and that was 41 years ago.
Seems we've got a Man U supporter here
you can do the add 1000 items trick and you can sometimes see exactly how many they have in stock if it maxes out below that
**context**
It's not a trick, it just means we list one at a time to avoid people locking up our stock
She's got a point, it's supposed to be emotional.  

Btw, I think the posh bollocks are called prairie oysters. I had no idea John Lewis sold them.
Buster didn't get to play with his friends :(
I've been avoiding christmas adverts like the plague because god dammit I'm crying enough because of my deadlines, I don't need more sad tears!
I'll make her cry if you like.
I teared up a little...I think it was the music and the look of joy on the dog's face.
https://youtu.be/fNkniZU4VsA lol
I've still not seen it and I'm hoping to make it until 2017 without doing so.
I trust they at least allowed you, as is customary, to get Valentine's Day all sorted during August?
How will they remain competitive?
Easter? 
My local tesco is already stocking up for next halloween. They had Cadburys "scream eggs"  in the seasonal section at full price. 
It's still early yet, give it another week or two
Hurr de hurr hurr! DAE Christmas early?
My issue wasn't health and safety it's that it was one of the worst adverts I've seen in recent years. In fact, it was so bad, it may be a work of genius - it's the attempt to start some sort of social media hashtaggery that annoyed me most, i think. 
If I take my hands off the steering wheel of my car, I will soon crash. How can they let this madness continue? Think of the pedestrians, passengers, driver....THINK OF THE CHILDREN 
You joke now, but who'll be laughing when grandma has mortally severed her jugular on the *Scooby-Doo Pasta Shapes* can?
It'd be interesting to see what the [HSE Myth Busters panel](http://www.hse.gov.uk/Myth/myth-busting/index.htm) would make of this.
I'd complain about it for trying to make something happen that was never going to happen. 

Didn't marketers learn from Google+? You can't force public buzz, it happens naturally. 
I just googled it. It's not a fucking song, it's a bunch of banging with no discernable rhythm.
Meh, I agree. And it was a shit advert
Who are the nobheads that have the time to write an email moaning about shite like this? Just shrug and move on
Good, it was f'n annoying. 
why is everything on this sub about adverts
Apparently ~~thousands~~ ~~of~~ a few people complained the season premier of the walking dead was too violent. 

EDIT: [source](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/tv/2016/11/22/walking-dead-sparks-ofcom-complaints-violent-scenes/)
Wash a bloody mug you grot and make your wife a cup of tea.
You could always use...... The ceremonial mugs? I'm sure every household has a bunch of cups you never use
Yea - been there, difficult.  A classic example of a physiological drought.
Just do what my new receptionist did and serve tea to a really important client in a tumbler glass because she couldn't find a mug.....and she left the bloody tea bag in!!!
How can you arbitrarily decide what porn people can watch?
I wonder if there'll be a special room in the Houses of Parliament where you can still view such filth, in the same way as the hypocritical cunts still allow smoking?
Are they taking the piss?
So are they banning that parliament channel?

That's full of cunts spewing stuff that belongs in a toilet. 
Dammit! They're the best sort. I have one in my en-suite...
Im downloading like there is no tomorow.
Why do I get the impression that all the MP's in favour of this secretly enjoy all of these acts?
Why cant they just let people do what they want as long as they arent hurting anyone?
The female ejaculation part is because they're so shit at sex
Just proxy to a less authorotarian country
> sex acts involving female ejaculation

So, like, most of it?  
The government seem very knowledgable about this.  I wonder how deep their research went.
And tor downloads have increased by......60 million downloads!
Golden showers were already banned.
What's this new Bill called? Sharia Law?
Wait till she brings hers, make a big deal about peering over at it, and loudly announce "You know what, now that I've seen yours, I fancy one."
This is easy, you say, "Ooh, actually, I *do* quite fancy a cup of tea now!" and get yourself one.
The biggest issue is that you turned down a cuppa. 
(This actually happened to my girlfriend, not me, yesterday, but it was too hard to explain that in the title. Please don't judge me)
Just invent a disaster that needs tea.
What a mug.
The biggest issue is that you actually drink tea. Tea is for losers. 
The biggest issue is that you actually drink tea. Tea is for losers. 
Wait

Wait wait wait

What
Every newspaper seems to call itself the nation's favourite or the best seller. Just like every single book that comes out is apparently a "best seller". Full of shit.
it wasnt even the nations favourite wrapping paper
> The sun made a DS game

... what?
While it might be repulsive and disheartening to think it, [The Sun is actually the nations most read paper.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_newspapers_in_the_United_Kingdom_by_circulation#2010_to_present) 


I wouldn't worry; even if you're standing at the open door you'll still get carded.
The trick is to fool fate. Get undressed and turn the shower on, put one foot in and then wrap a towel around yourself because they are at the door. I always light a cigarette at bus stops because i know the second I do a bus will come chugging along.
Does the Tory government shafting Britain count as conventional porn? 
What's conventional though? One man's kink is another man's vanilla. 
Good luck with that you dumb cunt of a "culture" secretary.  Government blocks have been sooooo effective against torrents haven't they?
A single bean advert being banned is being overshadowed by the size of Toblerone, which is in turn being overshadowed by Christmas being thrust down our throats early. This event in turn is then overshadowed   by Cadbury's chocolate not tasting exactly like it did in the 1950's. 
Back in the 70s and 80s, when the censors were so strong that in media you weren't allowed to see at all that boys had willies or girls had fannies, we managed to get our hands on all sorts of exotic porn. And that was all pre-internet. The Government, the police and the "boffins" they hire to run and manage all things like this simply have no idea how "an internet" actually works. I would not worry about not being able to access whatever takes your fancy.

The what? No, no, no, raw courgette is not nice. Not nice at all.
Wait... wtf?
That's zucchini, right? It's delicious. Had you eaten some already when you realized it wasn't cucumber?
Unexpected option in the payment area.
Shhhhh, they'll be redditing about your indifference and if you're noticed you'll have to move carriage,  disrupt your commute and change trains. Have you checked the house prices three towns away? 
Don't worry given that none of us can afford to buy houses the market will crash when nobodys making money from it anymore! Just give it 15 years :)
My mum keeps jumping between trying to get rid of me, and not wanting me to leave.
Depends where you live, I guess. My wife and I moved to Glasgow in February 2015 and we bought lovely, large two bed flat in October for £130k. 

At this very moment, there's 28 flats in the Glasgow City Center area that [you could get with £8k saved up or less](http://www.rightmove.co.uk/property-for-sale/find.html?searchType=SALE&locationIdentifier=REGION%5E93616&insId=1&radius=0.0&minPrice=&maxPrice=80000&minBedrooms=&maxBedrooms=&displayPropertyType=&maxDaysSinceAdded=&_includeSSTC=on&sortByPriceDescending=&primaryDisplayPropertyType=&secondaryDisplayPropertyType=&oldDisplayPropertyType=&oldPrimaryDisplayPropertyType=&newHome=&auction=false). There's [297 in Manchester](http://www.rightmove.co.uk/property-for-sale/find.html?locationIdentifier=REGION%5E904&maxPrice=80000&numberOfPropertiesPerPage=24&radius=0.0&sortType=2&index=0&includeSSTC=false&viewType=LIST&areaSizeUnit=sqft&currencyCode=GBP), [132 in Liverpool City Centre](http://www.rightmove.co.uk/property-for-sale/find.html?locationIdentifier=REGION%5E94022&maxPrice=80000&numberOfPropertiesPerPage=24&radius=0.0&sortType=2&index=0&includeSSTC=false&viewType=LIST&areaSizeUnit=sqft&currencyCode=GBP) and even [12 as far south as Birmingham](http://www.rightmove.co.uk/property-for-sale/find.html?locationIdentifier=REGION%5E94028&maxPrice=80000&numberOfPropertiesPerPage=24&radius=0.0&sortType=2&index=0&includeSSTC=false&viewType=LIST&areaSizeUnit=sqft&currencyCode=GBP).

And yeah, people will say "but it's Glasgow!", TBH I did. But you know what's nice about it certainly compared to the South East? You get to live a lot more than you did down there. I have a 5 minute cycle to work, and we pay £300/£400 a month less on our mortgage as we did on our rent in London.

My salary actually increased by £1k when I moved up too. Good things can happen when you move!

Companies need to start moving their HQs out of London for the good of their employees.
Selling each other ever more expensive property is not really a solid basis for an economy.
Reading shit like this makes me insanely grateful to my parents, at 31 I outright own the house I grew up because they left it to me mortgage free when they passed away. Sucks very much to lose your dad at 27 and mum at 29, but to know I at least have a roof over my head is such a level of security in this day and age. The housing market is fucking stupid these days.
I'm about to buy a house in Lancashire. I moved back home and saved between £400-700 pcm whilst my kind parents didn't charge me rent of for food. I'm buying alone, and with the wage I'm on I've struggled to get a house for £100K with a 5% deposit.  It's taken me around 18 months to do this. If I had to rent while trying to save on my current salary it would have taken me decades to even get 5%
I am extremely fortunate in that at 23 my family helped with my deposit, so I managed to buy a 1 bed house 3 years ago. The house has appreciated such that my girlfriend and I are looking at moving to a 4 bed for about £300k. My concern is that this continuous house price escalation (while good for those lucky enough to be on the housing ladder for now) is completely unsustainable in the long term and that it could screw us over years down the line. Does any body have any thoughts on that?
This will be the century of the renter. The rentury, if you will.
I'm beginning to wonder how on earth society is supposed to survive into the future at this rate.

I've got £30,000 of student debt. Once I finally graduate I'll be paying regular income tax and NI *plus* another 9% of my income on student loan repayments, I'll have to save more for my pension than any previous generation due to increasing lifespans, add in some discretionary saving for a rainy-day fund and there's not going to be much left, and this is all assuming I can even find a secure job that pays enough for me to be able to save in the first place. Being able to afford a mortgage will be challenging, being able to afford to have children will be a miracle. I think it's likely that increasing numbers of my generation will not be able to procreate for simple economic reasons.
or you could rent a place and never be able to afford to buy!

woo.

:|
To buy a 2 or 3 bedroom house near me right now you would have needed to save around £2500 a year for the last 22 years.

EDIT: To be clear many properties near me have been selling in the 40 to 70 K range.
This thread is upsetting, it seems every Tom, Dick and Harry gets a lump sum from family :/
Well if britain is anything like the US, your parents need housing prices to stay exorbitantly high because home equity is the largest portion of their retirement savings. 

In the US, home equity is largest part of most baby boomers retirement savings. So laws/regulations/etc have been enacted to make sure housing prices skyrocket and stay up there. Not to mention the stock prices also. With baby boomers set to retire in droves, it would be politically catastrophic if housing prices and stock prices were to decline. 

Essentially, it is generational theft. The older generation bought their houses for $50K and sell it to their children for $500K. In the US, with such ample land and unending resources, housing prices should actually decline. But laws and building regulations, which the older generation passed, make it difficult to build new homes.
It took me 6 months. I was working 60+ hours a week. My partner was working 24-30 hours per week. I got lucky too, as everything got processed, and was awaiting the deposit. My credit card THEN offered me an interest free money transfer, which wouldn't have shown up on the credit check as they had already done that, so I transferred  £2,000 for furnishings. That was back in April, and money is just about regulating itself.

Anybody saving up to buy, I advise you get a mortgage broker. Mine was £300 all-in and probably saved us more than that in a years worth of insurances. Let alone interest rates and the works.
To be fair you can get into one of those identikit new builds for a 5% deposit if getting on the ladder is your priority.

I'm in the situation now where I'd like to buy my own place and move out but to save up the deposit would mean scraping back on so many things that I've become comfy with lol..

I keep hoping a £10-15k deposit will just magically land in my lap
It depends - there are ways to get it sooner.

You probably aren't going to get your forever house to start with. Your first house will probably need a lot of work.

Saving up is hard. Even more so if you are paying rent. You have to cut back on your lifestyle, shop cheaper. Go without. Get a second job.

My partner and I moved into a caravan for just over a year to cut our outgoings so we could get on the ladder sooner.

It is doable, it's just very hard.
Great, I'll be 53. That's rather accurate really; it's the earliest I'd expect to ever afford a house without some long-lost, wealthy relative dying and leaving everything to me. My savings consist of £100 a month that goes toward attempting to have some kind of life for a few days a year.

Sadly I think I'll be paying some faceless overlord's mortgage for quite a while yet.
Currently saving for one myself, living at home while putting aside £700 a month, got nearly £8000 put aside, with another year or so I should have enough to make a solid deposit on a decent sized family home.

It's hard, but it's worth it, and I wish more people had parents like mine who are aware how hard it is to get on the property ladder nowadays and how important it is for the future.
Just start saving when you're born. House by age 22 sounds great.
^^^do ^^^i ^^^need ^^^to ^^^add ^^^/s?
I'm 33, am resigned to not owning a house/flat in the area I want, due to deposit reqiurements.

Mortgage payments would be lower than the rent I'm paying right now but NOPE.

I have recently paid off a bunch of debts though so I am now in a position to save some money every month, but I'm not going to go out of my way to save money just so that I can buy a house...

Maybe in a few years once some of the dust from brexit has settled and the world's in the middle of a depression due to China's economy collapsing, I might be able to buy something.
Took us 4 years tbf

You guys need to stop looking in London

Unless they mean save up enough to buy a house outright. 15k (10% deposit on 150k house, can even get 5% deposit schemes) between 2 people is about 200 quid a month for 3 years, or 100 quid a month for 6 years
I don't understand this. When people say save for their first house they usually mean the deposit, is it really yaking people 22 years to save a deposit? 

I love living in the north. It'll take me and my partner about 18 months to save 20k, scrimping and saving but it's doable. That will get us a deposit on a decent 2-3 bedroom house.
Bought a house in south Devon.... £170,000. Me and my SO Saved 10% deposit in just over a year. Mainly by being very tight on savings, working extra hours where available and generally just being careful with money. It can be done, as long as you're prepared to sacrifice things.
Better work hard if you want on in London.
Yeah to buy it our right in cash probably, there's no way on gods green earth it takes someone 22 years to save for a 10% deposit unless you start the timer from the minute they're shot out
I have a zero-contract job, and am still looking for better work. Today, my mum told me she wants to know how long she "has to baby me" - thanks for blaming me for the job and housing markets, mum.
Ever heard of renting?
I'm ahead of the game! Bought my first house at 43!
My ex-wife bought a second house, so that our 19yo son could move out. She has a 15yo as well, so she has a few years before she'll need a third house.
80 anywhere in london, my folks will be gone by then.
I'm 26, banking hard and hoping I'll have for a deposit in next 4 years. I'm lucky I can put £600 a month away towards it but it pretty much leaves me with nothing after car and rent.
/r/ukpersonalfinance

/r/Frugal 

/r/personalfinance

/r/financialindependence
Im insanely grateful that my Granddad has left trusts for all of his grandchildren. From what I know its over 15K each, that will help massively for a deposit on a house
I think this goes both ways, my soon to be wife and I bought our place 20 months ago with my savings, 10k deposit on a 3 bed semi house w/garage attached in a lovely rural town in the country. This was only possible using the government's help to buy scheme. Our mortgage is almost half what our neighbours pay in rent. (Not as good a property as ours) 

A lot of kids our age just want to get fucked up and spunk their cash away. So although it is harder than ever, some people don't help themselves.
We're both 25! We have so much in common.
That's why people get mortgages.... no-one saves up and buys a house.
Yes, if you are paying rent, but if you are living at home and paying nominal keep it'd be a lot quicker?
Owning a house isn't all it's cracked up to be. You can't just pick up and move if you spot a better opportunity elsewhere, or your neighborhood goes to shit. You have to spend time and effort maintaining the place. And there's no guarantee that it will go up in value or even stay the same.
[deleted]
Presumably this only applies to London ?
62 is still young right? Didn't I read life expectancy is in the hundreds now? Maybe I will live forever. Does the 22 years include paying off my defaulted on student loans? I got an English degree so really cant add or do any other math kind of stuff and I have developed a nasty personality disorder that makes me hate people on sight, which in turn, for some reason, makes people hate me eventually also. Starting to think maybe this article is for people being born now, or in the last ten years and not my generation at all. Oh well, guess I will go back to waiting for a bulking up of a national police force that the news media promises will be needed to kick out all the brown and Eastern European people. I wonder if they will over look my dream crushing criminal record.... 
Own a house in Oxfordshire. It is a small 2 bed mid-terrace in an 80s development. 

Cost around the £250 grand mark and was/is the cheapest property of this size (we keep an eye on prices) in the area by a good 10 to 15 thousand most likely because the kitchen and bathroom need modernising.

When we've looked at other houses in other counties, still in the south, we could have got a whole lot more for the same price.
Thank fuck ive been able to get my first house straight after uni. 
House prices rise faster than you can save.
I read house as horse and got sad for all the poor kids who want ponies and won't be able to afford them, then thought that made no sense at all and realised it said house 🙄
I can't sell my house, I haven't lived there for 6 years.
I can't find this on the bbc. Link?
Move to the North East. Newcastle to be specific.

House prices are inexpensive and they don't really seem to be rising either. 100k will get you a small 3 bed semi in an ok area, I should know, I bought one in April. 
Question from the US, you don't finance homes there and are forced to buy them outright?
Save a little extra money and you can get your first house at 41 like I did!  Woo hoo!
Can anybody link to the BBC news article? I can't find it from my mobile. 
This is so depressing, other than the fact you can put down as little as 5% with HTB Mortgage Guarantee or Shared Equity. Both giving you full ownership with no additional costs. 

Single people have it harder due to the mortgage affordability, but couples would be able to buy relatively easily if it wasn't for wasting money on stupid things like weddings. 
Fuck. I just started saving this year, but I'm 29....okay, so house at 51, kids at 52? That's not too old for kids, right?
I don't live in Europe. What makes it difficult to buy a house there? Prices too high for what people can actually afford?
When i was in tennessee, the houses there are dirt cheap and better built. $140k for a 3000sq ft house with a well and septic system so no bills for water or sewage. 
Sucks for you BBC, It's taken me 25 to save for my first house.
FROM BIRTH. 
Capitalism in action!
It'll be 24 next year!
I'm jealous. Admittedly, I am not British, but a Canadian currently living in the SF bay area. As it stands, I will literally never be able to afford to buy property here.
The plan for future husband and I is to wait out his middle brother when he buys his house. Then we'll be the last people standing in our in laws' house. What luck becoming home owners at 50! 
They must fucking love you
When they make these claims are they including London in the statistics? Can we discount London? Nobody can afford London.
Six months before she'll have to move in with you so you can look after her in her dotage.
I'm renting a flat, it's not too bad, I just flirt my way out of paying the rent on time every month.
When they say save, do they mean to buy outright, or for a deposit?
There was a house I wanted to buy, saved up a small deposit and was gonna get this tiny new built with help to buy from gov...... However it was snatched up quickly...ok I thought, it was the cheapest house on the development, maybe another desperate person got it. So imagine my annoyance when a few months later that house is up for rent, for more than what mortgage would have cost and no work done to it (no wallpaper etc just magnolia) but obviously not allowed to decorate, no pets etc. And that was this year..... Argh!
Bollocks, where my parents live there are housing developments where the properties start at £150k, you only need 20% saved which is £30k (or £6kpa saved).

I guess if you are in London it changes but in the South West and parts of the South East, it shouldn't take longer than 5-10 years to save for a deposit.
Rent?
[deleted]
Are you aware you can rent? 
bloody heck what a load of sensationalism. Believe it or not not everyone look to buy a property exactly where they want and to the level they want straight away. That's why it's called a property ladder. 

Equally not everyone live in areas where they're costed out. I moved to the north of England, Leeds specifically for the job opportunities and for what you could get for your money when joining the property market. As a precursor to that I didn't piss every penny up a wall or rely on higher purchase to fund any false lifestyles. 

I know it's not that black and white for everyone, but I think people overstretch their expectations and don't look at mobility as a way to reach financial and future goals. Yeah it sucks, these aren't the 90's anymore but that bubble popped time to be realistic. 

EDIT: Sure sure I'm a cunt for proving the headline dead wrong apparently. My first property was 100k, it wasn't amazing or in a particularly fancy area but it got me out of renting and I saved a lot more in the time I lived there than if I rented. there's still loads of properties all over the country that are sub 100k and attainable. In Yorkshire alone there are 10,776 properties in this bracket. http://www.rightmove.co.uk/property-for-sale/find.html?searchType=SALE&locationIdentifier=REGION%5E61326&insId=1&radius=0.0&minPrice=&maxPrice=100000&minBedrooms=&maxBedrooms=&displayPropertyType=&maxDaysSinceAdded=&_includeSSTC=on&sortByPriceDescending=&primaryDisplayPropertyType=&secondaryDisplayPropertyType=&oldDisplayPropertyType=&oldPrimaryDisplayPropertyType=&newHome=&auction=false
Property is still affordable. The problem is the required down payment for most people. 

I was only able to buy peppery cause I could get a VA home loan and no down payment was required. 
You're 25. You can save for a mortgage deposit and still rent a room in a shithole.  You'll get a better job with a higher salary eventually. 
Is the heater on?
Put the effing heater on, you numpty.
A dehumidifier might work. If the air in the room is dry it might strip moisture from the washing.

Source: Own a dehumidifier.
Stick a regular, non-heated fan in the room blowing at it.  Works wonders even in a fairly cold room, in my experience.
Open your windows and air out the house for five full minutes. Yes, it's cold, but at the moment your house is completely saturated by breathed-out moisture (and moisture from the clothes but that isn't the main problem), so you'll actually be warmer an hour or so later. Repeat once daily. This will also calm down problems from condensation and prevent mould.
If you've got a little bit of cash, but not enough for a tumble dryer or lack the space for one, then a heated airer is a pretty good bit of kit.
Well whatever you do, you're going to have to wash them again now.
I find that drying washing depends more about the spinning than about the heating.
Get a dehumidifier
Always do an extra spin after the wash has finished. It takes 16 minutes on my machine, and wouldn't be much different on another model, but it takes out a significant amount of moisture. I've got a washer-dryer combo machine, but I've still got to do non-tumble-dry runs for my wool cardigans and other items, and I find an extra spin takes hours off air drying.
Black Friday? You mean "here's 3% off buy now!" day? 

It'll die soon, it's a load of bollocks
I don't really understand it in the UK, in the US is a specific Friday that discounts based on tax laws etc.

Over Here is is an excuse for Tesco to sell TV's worth 150 quid for 175 quid to retards, and people to beat the living shit out of each other over a 10 quid blender that they have no intent on using.

This year Black Friday seems to be on for two weeks, this used to be called a "sale", and you could go and take a look without fear of being hit over the head for a not-so-discounted satnav.
Fuck this 'black friday' sales bollocks. Bloody american crap worming its way in.  

What next? We celebrate thanksfuckinggiving?! 
Royal Mail worker here: We're not allowed time off in December and they always have extra staff for Black Friday, Cyber Monday etc. Unfortunately, we didn't know that Black Friday would last 3 fucking weeks.
Same here! 

It's not as if you can't get the same kind of deals throughout the year anyway
[deleted]
They may as well call it black November and be done with it. 
This should be made into a feature length drama.
Gentleman and I. *sorry*
Should just do half and half 
For when you really need a brew and caffeine rush at the same time.
He should have just tea-bagged the coffee.
This could be me.
I was just in hospital and one guy was pressing his call button in the middle of the night to ask for 2 coffees at once.
500 teabags for a month? Is this an office of two people?
It's fine - Typhoo is so weak that you need 5 teabags per cup
[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5026 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/21338)
They do Yorkshire Tea in bags of 1200 at Bookers. WTF are your company playing at?
Company buying free tea for the office? --> /r/BritishSuccess/
I struggling to find the problem here.. :)
Not watched the show for a while, but what do people expect when they watch TWD? 

The show is violent from the first fucking episode. Do people watch GoT and not expect violence/sex? Do people watch the Wire and not expect to see drug use? 

I can't understand the idiocy of these people who complain. No one is forced to watch these shows. TWD is not even on a mainstream channel, so they have gone out their way to watch this!
Panties? Knickers!
The people who complained are idiots. Fox warned the viewers before the show started, and TWD is rated 18 and is on after the watershed. 
Which people? What's going on?
According to the Telegraph: 
>In order to comply with Ofcom guidelines, Fox, who briadcast the show in the UK, made the decision to edit out some of the episode's more explicit moments.

I wonder what they cut out, I watched the US version and while it was certainly a hard episode to watch, it was brilliantly done.

For anyone that hasnt seen the episode, this is what the makeup looked like for one of the guys who got beaten to death:

https://www.instagram.com/p/BMAid4aAtJI/
Now days Crime Scene Miami etc seem to shown on TV all the time, before the watershed, when I was a kid you could see Murder She Wrote on TV at 2:30pm and it was always very nice, someone would be murdered but it seemed like they actually liked being dead, now days its more along the lines of 

"he was raped multiple times before he was ripped to pieces, get this piece of arm down to the lab, its the only piece we found of him so far..."

then the script goes off topic to make the characters seem more real...

"hey Louie, is your sister dating anyone right now? she's a great girl."

and this stuff seems to get broadcasted all the fucking time on repeat on every channel.
Is nobody going to point out

"panties"

It's knickers OP, you bloody yank
No shock. This from the same country that recently complained a beans advert was against health and safety...

http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-38073866
I honestly will never understand the logic of people like this. Are they being forced to watch it? No so go watch a fucking Disney cartoon and leave people who like stuff like walking dead alone. Then again they'd probably complain that the Disney cartoon is too upsetting. Some people are so dense. 


EE are shit generally. Complain and ask for the money to cover the cost of the phone they told you to buy but which you didn't need.
If EE use the Openreach network to provide your internet, then you don't \*need* a phone, but if you can't connect to the internet, it's a common ISP troubleshooting step to test the line into your house by connecting a land line phone to the test socket (hidden behind your master socket panel). 

You \*can* refuse to do this and still get an engineer visit, but if it turns out the problem is with anything internal (past the test socket) you'll most likely end up being billed for said visit and it will be a fair bit more than the cost of a basic land line phone. 

Source: good friends with someone who works for Plusnet who explained the above to me when I asked him why Sky wanted me to buy a home phone. 
I dunno about worst. Talk talk came out to do an internet health check and somehow managed to break our external aerial meaning we now get no terrestrial channels. And the speed is still awful.
Well it is the fastest cake...
Its pronounced *scone* actually
The problem is?
Cream on first !
My husband love a scone for breakfast. And I do bake the very best 😉
If there's scones in the cupboard, all other breakfast options can take a flying fuck...
With no tea?! A disgrace
For sure, they are speaking English very well. But they are making many mistakes, also. We kinda don't notice them, because that's just how the Dutch people and the Scandinavian people are speaking. It's sort of a north-European dialect, yeah? But if a British person is speaking the same, you'd think they were kinda crazy.
Having travelled extensively, I rank nationalities as follows when it comes to speaking comprehensible English:

1. Swedish
2. Finnish
3. Norwegian
4. Dutch
5. Scottish

QED

I think the correct comparative pronoun would be 'I', because the 'do' is implied.

I am fed up of the Dutch speaking better English than I [do].




It's irritating but it's hard to get annoyed with them for it 'cos they're so nice. 
sorry
Better English than **me**
Come to Spain; they're the worst*

\* at speaking English. The Spaniards aren't much better.
You leave Sandi alone.
While we're on the subject, may I recommend[ this thread ](https://www.reddit.com/r/britishproblems/comments/5easr5/ffs_people_myself_and_yourself_are_not_just_more/)to you? Thanks.
I'm married to one. She works in a school over here. She gets annoyed that the teachers speak worse English than she does..
She's been over here since 2010 and has no discernible Dutch accent. In fact, on a trip back home a couple of guys from Manchester stopped her at the train station to ask for directions, when she started talking they said "oh sorry we thought you were Dutch" XD
I'm over there a lot. You only really get the "Dutch Accent" with the older generations, the younger ones just tend to sound American. 
Having met the guy who let me in to my Airbnb in Amsterdam he turned and asked: 'Sho, here's the keysh and can I getch you shum extashee?'

I realise that little anecdote has absolutely no relevance.
They've certainly mastered the art of using English profanity to great effect:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXllLcaHJt0  (**NSFW** obviously!)
When we have such hideous and awful accents such as Geordie and Scouse, it is no wonder the Dutch and the Danes beat us at our own language.
Belgium's are pretty good. More so in Ghent than Brussels - I think it's a Flemish thing more than a French thing. In Brussels my disgusting mangling of the French language has to suffice.  
Baby if you've got to go away...
There's some thing on my Facebook feed asking for  Fairy Tale in New York to be the Xmas number one in place of whatever bollocks is coming out.
Disappointingly I still haven't heard the power of love by Frankie goes to Hollywood. The one song played solely at Christmas that I like
Every time I turn on the music channels Muds lonely this Christmas is playing. It's like theres not any other Christmas songs. 
Have they tied you down and forced your eyes open with pins? Have they burnt all your books? Have they locked you in with nothing but a TV?
Doesn't their Netflix account have five user profile enabling you watch the hell you want on any computer of your house?
We've officially called time on the death of your brain.  Clipping my toe nails is more interesting and probably more valuable way to spend my time.
I have the same problem but instead of Eastenders, its Judge Judy.
I like it. I like to hibernate. I like rain, wind, snow and fog. I like fluffy brushed cotton bedding and thick blankets. I like the changing colours of autumn.  I like candles and Christmas. I like not feeling obliged to go and enjoy myself. I like my neighbours not being noisy out the front. I like that the local kids don't play football outside my house.  I like this time of the year :-)
You don't open them before you leave the house?
It's not that bad.
A word to the wise: always open your curtains when going out for the day. It can be taken as an advert that there's no one home, so ripe for burglary, at least that's what me mum says.
In Middlesbrough we welcome any news which doesn't involve drugs, theft or a takeaway being shut down because of rats. 
Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!

The End Times are come upon us.
Australia need all the help they can get 
Batman?
He will do well. He will do really well. For Australia.
My dad used to play cricket with his dad before he emigrated over. 
The woman in Waitrose accused me of 'trying to look posh' when their self checkout machine wasn't accepting contactless.

Of course I'm trying to look posh! I'm in bloody Waitrose!
Put your phone under your sleeve and scan it over the thing, see there reactions!
I find myself just agreeing when they go "ooh, is that Apple Pay?"

I don't fancy getting into a conversation about how, no, it's an Android phone, but yes it's the same concept, no I don't mean a Samsung, it's a Google Nexus...
I have Android Pay, but because I'm in Spain and they don't, I don't know if I can just use my phone anywhere I can use contactless and I'm not sure I want to try to explain that I want to try in Spanish.
I feel like an utter prat using my phone, but it's brilliant!

Was getting a flight a few weeks ago, using the mobile boarding pass. So when I bought something airside I was able to scan my pass and pay without doing more than lifting my phone - the future is here!
Gregg's still insist that if you pay by phone you don't get a receipt, and the local pet shop do contactless by taking the card off you and tapping thenselves.. which obviously won't work for a phone (not that they'll accept phones anyway).

I gave up.and went back to cards.  Most shops won't enable the pad unless they see a card and the conversations starting with 'we don't support those' all the way up.to them glancing nervously at security really aren't worth it.  I want to pay and get out.  And that's on the few ℅ of stores that enabled contactless to start with (which excludes most supermarkets, even now).

The chaps in Rawtenstall B&M look at you gone out if your phone is made of anything more modern than Bakelite...
It is witchcraft. You should be burnt at the stake.
"It's the coming. The one. He who can use one Apple to pay for two."
I get the same when I pay using a key fob.
People look at me odd when I use an NFC sticker attached to the palm of a Power Glove.
Same when I use my watch. I feel like such a fucking wanker, but it's a lot easier than getting out my wallet, especially if your hands are full.
Allow myself to introduce myself
These have become part of the whole "Business Speak" lingo that middle management seem to like padding their meetings out with, in order to make themselves seem more intelligent.
  
I may be forced to commit hideous acts if somebody else tries to "reach out" to me or to "touch base" with me again this week.
> "Myself and my team would like a conversation with yourselves shortly"

Fuck you for trying too hard and still getting the grammar wrong. You are the fucking object and your pronoun is I.

> "Can you email it to myself?"

Oh choke on a cock. Nobody can email fuck all to yourself, only you can email shit to yourself.

Are these people trying to sound posh or sophisticated by speaking like dimwits?
For me it's the confusion of 'less' and 'fewer' that gets my goat, but that mistake seems so prevalent that most people just think you're an arsehole for pointing it out. I bet those people would still find it weird if i asked them 'how many wine do you want' or 'how much cows are there in that field'? 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qT8ZYewYEY
I bet the people who write like that don't read anything other Facebook or maybe books about business management full of language mangling bollocks. They can't tell the difference between good writing and words smashed together to create something vaguely coherent. They probably write things such as "would of" and "off of". They probably use question marks in a way which suggests they either don't really understand when to use one, or don't understand the difference in phrasing between a statement and a question. If you asked them something difficult they'd reply, "I don't understand?"
>Myself and my team

'My team and myself' FTFY
Also stop meeting *with* people instead of meeting them.

And that goes for meeting *up with* them as well.
Really annoys me when people use 'and I'  when it's wrong.
What's wrong with 'I' and 'thy' or even 'thee'?
English is not my first language, as my English colleague seems to enjoy reminding me by correcting my pronunciation. Anyway, sometimes I have to stop mid-sentence to reconsider what I want to articulate. I always stumble after starting a sentence with "They each..." Should the tense that follows be singular or plural? When I catch myself, I rephrase as "Each of them..."

My other pet peeve* is deciding whether a singular or a plural verb should follow a collective noun, such as a company name.

Are you doing business with Indians by any chance?
Start reading the comments on this thread, had to stop. It made me both sad and sick at the same time.

I was once asked to pull together a short deck having got granular with some metrics - I had to Google it.
can't you use hither & thine ?
Speak for you.
"Myself" isn't a real word.  It can't be used properly in any context.  It's used by people who think who are trying to be *classier* than they are.  The candidates always throw it out there in the Apprentice...its just painful. 
That'll teach you not to be so competitive. 
My train usually beats multiple trains when im using the metropolitan line!. (between baker street and wembley park)
The Heinz advert with the 'can song' has been banned because people might cut themselves on an opened can... [Yes really](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-38073866)
I'll bite. What's going on now?
o
*exaggerated sigh to show that it normally works fine*
It's OK, as long as you walk with purpose through the barriers and nearly break a rib by walking into them, that's enough proof we need that it works all the time...
God damn this one is so true.....
I think gatelines should be designed with "escape routes" from each line i.e., have a small gap every two gates.
Please work, please work, please work, phew!!!!
Is Ryanair organising the trip? 
I'm afraid your daughter's trip is actually a ten minute walk down the road to a local river (dribble), which is only a foot across at it's deepest.
Teacher here... if it's during school hours they're not legally allowed to ask parents for any more than a 'voluntary contribution', however if they don't get enough to cover the trip it will have to be cancelled. 
I hope you told them "That means it's not free".
Tell them you will drive her there yourself 
RE doesn't have a controlled assessment, so it's not viral.  Plus, it's true, schools can only ask for voluntary contributions, they can't force you to pay. (Source: am HOD)
https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/514619/Charging_for_school_activities.pdf


From  Department of Education Advice document 

"Nothing in legislation prevents a school governing body or local authority from asking for voluntary contributions for the benefit of the school or any school activities. However, if the activity cannot be funded without voluntary contributions, the governing body or head teacher should make this clear to parents at the outset. The governing body or head teacher must also make it clear to parents that there is no obligation to make any contribution. It is important to note that no child should be excluded from an activity simply because his or her parents are unwilling or unable to pay. If insufficient voluntary contributions are raised to fund a visit, or the school cannot fund it from some other source, then it must be cancelled. Schools must ensure that they make this clear to parents. If a parent is unwilling or unable to pay, their child must still be given an equal chance to go on the visit. Schools should make it clear to parents at the outset what their policy for allocating places on school visits will be. When making requests for voluntary contributions, parents must not be made to feel pressurised into paying as it is voluntary and not compulsory."

This law was brought in specifically to prevent discrimination in education for those who could not afford it and to prevent schools trying on various tactics to run around that law. 

Sounds like the school is trying to run around this law.  Try quoting this to them.
Voluntary?
Why don't these people ever just ask for the money tomorrow instead of leaving the child worrying about their parent being home to pick up the phone
At the excellent village primary all children went- no matter the cost any low income families got a discreet subsidy. The sink comp had no such help- and so low income children missed out. They also got failed on the related coursework....
So the trip isn't free then
If it's like any trip I've been on a 2 minuite glance at Wikipedia has much more relevance and will learn more

Plus she can they attend her normal classes and stuff during the day, by herself. 1 to 1 tutoring, it's win win
Where do you live, France? I got to London from derby for £10 to go to MCM comic con this July with university, if a bunch of students can get a cheap coach I'm sure schools can.
Pizza Express: the place where a low calorie pizza is a regular pizza with the middle cut out and replaced by salad. Seriously
Happy Wagamamas to you too.
Just reply 'y...you too'
Pizza Hut's was "Merry Crustmas" a few years ago
Forasmuch as we are gathered here, in the presence of God and in the face of this restaurant, ye are called to witness the mass of St Pizza of Express as the harbinger of the advent of our Lord.

And forasmuch as ye partake of the blessed Pizza Margharita, which is the very bread of Heaven, yet though my old Mum says it be naught but glorified cheese on toast, so shall ye be blessed unto the Lord.

For ye shall break the garlic bread of righteousness and share it amongst your brethren; and lo, the darkening of the skies and the passing of the Blackpool episode of Strictly shall tell the days of our servitude.

Yea, we cry unto the heavens, Christ, it is not yet Christmas is it? And the Lord answereth, and he saith, No.

And there rose up out of the East a great multitude of shopkeepers, traders, café owners, restaurateurs and purveyors of plastic tat, who cried out against the Lord saying: Nay, it is really. And ye shall enter unto the temples of our commerce and ye shall bend unto the forces of the market economy, and the ringing of the cash register shall be heard in the land.

And the Lord saith unto his people: well, can't say fairer than that, and we all love a bit of pizza, amirite?

_All say:_ AMEN.
Byron Burger is celebrating a Merry Cheesemas.
It means that whoever wrote that, their soul now belongs to /r/hailcorporate
Tell them this offends jesus.
Obviously it means that Pizza Express is actually Jesus Christ- in the form of a chain of pizza restaurants. God moves in mysterious ways.
Pretty sure the only legitimate response is 'erm...fuck off?'
We're now on hour 28 of BT not working in west London.
Mine stopped working last night too. Considering it's their job to supply internet, they don't do a very good job of it. 
Surely an unsuitable one would be enough after such a sin? 
The drummer in my old band used to do that, then squeeze the bag into his mouth afterwards. Strange boy.
On the bright side you can put a pool table in her bedroom now.
Relevant sub r/ratemytea
They accidently sent me two sets, so I've got 4 matching coasters for putting on the shelf at christmas now - and two bookmarks, for if I ever read two books at once
I too have walked briskly to the train station with a bursting bladder and the ability to actually *hear* the liquid sloshing around in my stomach. 
Thanksgiving is such a British holiday. Oh wait
> I'm not planning on eating Turkey on Thursday

The Turkish must be relieved.
I don't understand who buys them or why. There's loads of ways to get music together in the way you want to. Why buy a pre-compiled album where you're going to dislike some of the tracks?
I've got Now 4 on vinyl somewhere in the attic! I am truly ancient!
When it gets to Now100 does it start back at 1 or just continue onto Now101?
The latest NOW album I have is NOW 10. I'm so out of touch.
 I remember the first one coming out. Fuck, I feel old now. 
> Currently sitting at Now95!

Not doing too bad ye old codger, braving Reddit at your age could risk a heart attack ;)
I swear they make them more regularly these days. 
You do know that rucksacks are plentiful, cheap and can be used for things other than grocery shopping?
I feel I'm being ripped off paying 5p for a flimsy plastic bag so I end up paying more, and getting the stronger bag.
I now have about 20 of them under the stairs as I'm always forgetting to take one with me.
I think that's the point...
Oooh! I've been saving this up for just such a moment:  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/11/22/plastic-bags-beaches-drops-half-just-one-year-5p-levy/
I was a bit annoyed at first but I got used to it.
Learn to Juggle.
Good. I feel judged for doing this now even though it's what I've always done because fuck plastic bags.
I usually take one of the shops cardboard boxes they have lying around.
You don't want to help the environment or litter problems?  Just buy a cheap canvas one and fold it up.
Did you try saying ''excuse me please''?
Imagine if the lads went chucking the women out of their bogs. They'd be straight round the local rag.
This is why we need universal toilets. Who the fuck cares about seeing yet another wrinkly wormer?? There's piss to be released! Think of all the money to be saved! What is this, the Victorian Era? We don't need to pretend men and women don't have different genitals, and I see more dongs browsing through Facebook anyway.
Then you hand in your man card and use the womens toilets.
Just listen to Idlewild instead. They're still great.
Saw them live at vfest. The lead singer is charismatic. But overall it was only decent.
I hate this song choice more than anything else, it's not even a fucking carol. Sing "good king Wenceslas" or do nothing 
"No thanks, I've got Spotify inside."

*closes door*
That's shocking. There should be a law against it.
How old were they?
Should of told them to fuck right off!
Their pig's lip and arsehole imports must be affected by the weak pound. 
I'll stick to 4 for a £1 from Cooplands. 
This is a fucking outrage. 
You're taking the piss. I go into the hospital for one week and crave a greggs sausage roll since and now I have to pay 95p for one? They're never even hot for fucks sake. 
Speaking as a Greggs employee, I am equally as outraged and upset about the price increase. I will feel guilty everytime I have to make someone pay. 

The carrier bag charge was bad enough.
Just buy Gregg's stuff in Iceland. Here atm they have 4 boxes (of two pasties/4 sausage rolls) for £5. That's a good deal however you look at it.
[deleted]
I don't even have a Greggs in my town. Gutted.
that's Brexit for you... 
I went in for a sausage roll and donut and it cost me about an extra 30p than it did last week.
They're the only thing sensibly priced at reading services at 99p. £3.50 for a Mexican chicken oval bite. Not even a meal deal. 
Scotmid Scotch pies have gone up from £1 to £1.09.
Do you think it should be added to the [Freddo Index](https://imgur.com/a/gbgvk)?
But you can get 4 for a pound
Tescos green lentils are up by 19p!
Hard Brexit
Fuck off with this southron Greggs shit. Northeners eat cooplands.
~~Thatchers~~ Farages Britain
I promise it's not just Shropshire
The sun came out yesterday afternoon and there was actual steam coming off me after it pissed down all morning. 
Try Manchester - I can't remember the last day it wasn't overcast. Maybe in September at some point?
Weather was fine up here in Glasgow.  Cold as balls but still sunny :) 
I lived in Lima for a while. It's no exaggeration to say that you don't see the sun from May until November. 
Sainsburys: forcing you to learn valuable life skills!
Not too bad. I was once stuck in my university's library with a cold pasta from Asda, without even the cheapest cutlery in sight. This being in the early hours of the morning, with coursework to complete, I decided to fashion a makeshift scoop out of the clear film which had covered it. Needless to say that whilst it worked (albeit poorly), I kept looking around me for potential witnesses who could've seen my savagery. 
[CSMA/CD](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carrier_sense_multiple_access_with_collision_detection) 
It's a bit like how everyone tries to sidestep everyone when walking, so I don't bother any more. 
This was me today- sorry if you got held up by a learner driver in a red car. I didn't know if I should go either
Many years ago, I was walking past a mini roundabout in Cambridge when this happened. All three cars then started to move simultaneously and converged near the middle, each hitting the other's right hand side in unison. It was balletic. 
My co worker bought a PS4 Pro the other day. It was delivered yesterday, the delivery man left the big box it came in out on the door step. While the box was on the door step, the PS4 was wrecked because it was so wet yesterday. I really do not understand logic some people employ.
I had this problem yesterday. (Don't think it was Hermes but still). The parcel was so drenched that half the paper had completely disintegrated so the contents of the parcel were just laying there exposed to the elements, with the paper melting into a puddle. Luckily it's washable.

EDIT: Also I was in the whole day, so if they'd rung the doorbell I would have let them in.
Royal mail left my housemates parcel on my doorstep. 

We live on a street of terraced houses on a main road, anyone walking down the path can clearly see anything on a doorstep and luckily we noticed early otherwise I bet you it wouldve been nicked.

We were even in at the time!
Only eBay item I lost was an iPhone delivered by Hermes and not used them since. They are the cheapest for a reason.
This happened with me for a monthly beauty subscription box, I'm in Manchester so obviously it was all dissolved by the time I got home. The dye also dripped on my sofa and stained it! Complained only for next months to also be left in the garden, in the rain. *yay*
Is there anywhere with a list of which retailers use which couriers?
The door button, obviously
Wave/head nod towards the train CCTV.
I usually thank the people waiting to get on.
You could just thank the fella waiting by the front until everyone gets on/off 
No one. Trains are hell.
I think it's Fuck. When I get off the evening train I hear a lot of people say " Thank Fuck for that" 
I thanked the guard on sunday because it was a packed train so he was opening the staff only door in the buffet car and letting people off/on through it. Nice of him.
Surely there must be some AOL floppies still knocking around somewhere?

(I've just seen what [they go for on ebay](http://www.ebay.co.uk/sch/i.html?_from=R40&_trksid=p2050601.m570.l1313.TR6.TRC2.A0.H0.XAOL+floppy.TRS0&_nkw=AOL+floppy&_sacat=0).  I don't want to live on this planet any more). 
i use my hands tbh
Buy some computer hardware and use the driver CDs?
I always see them hanging out to dry at allotments.  I don't know why they wash them in the first place.
BREXIT BRITAIN
Don't Greggs have some healthy lunch options now?  Never eat in there myself, but I'm pretty sure I've seen soups and salads and stuff through the window
Your mum has the right idea
In the last year Greggs has got way better. For a start, all of a sudden everything tastes like what it says it is, rather than of salt.


Sitting on a till all day is boring. A lot of us welcome chatty customers as a distraction.
But you might have wanted an actual honest answer about how his day had gone!
I think he's making a point - that he's being ultra careful not to go off-script, given what's happened in the past. He's reading the script as mechanically as possible and muttering 'fuckers' at the end of every sentence.
You mean like the "Queen's haunted vagina?"
I just can't believe he's still on tele. 
They were new when they were built. They're a lot newer than places like Exeter, or Glastonbury. Winchelsea perhaps, since it's 700 years old, but most of them were post WW2, which makes them pretty new. 
Nothing wrong with thanking the robots, when Artifical Intelligence takes over they will remember. Damn I need to stop watching Westworld. 
I may have told a self service machine to fuck off the other day loud enough for a cashier to overhear me.
I was packing my rucksack at a self service once I'd scanned everything through and it kept beeping at me and telling me to take my receipt.  I kept saying (and I didn't realise I was saying it out loud) *hold on*....*give me a minute*....*oh for fucks sake, alright, I'll take it!!  Happy now?*.......Everyone in the queue was laughing at me.  
You have no idea how much that meant to that door. While the self-service tills get gushings of inadvertant "thank you"s he's been working his electrified arse off for years without so much as a "Ta!", a worthless, thankless existence... until you came along and made it all worthwhile again. Kudos!
One does not simply hold in one's Britishness.
I once snarled at a very insistent self service machine. Felt good, man. Especially the look of horror on an assistants face. 
I'm just,gonna say keep doing you. It sounds yummy.
It's all good thanking something that works, like a door or self-service. But trying being the guy who thanks the fridge getting the milk out, that's me.
"glad to be of service"
robots are going to eat you alive
Not the same as talking to a machine but i am guilty of apoligisong to manaquins after knocking into one in a  shop...also saying " yh and you " when someone says happy birthday to me as if were twins 
If only trains could be powered by frustration alone
To be fair it was a shit load of rain. Everywhere I went today it went OVER curbs and all of footpaths, can't imagine what train tracks where like. Middle of he tracks was probably a canal
We got "slippery rails" in Glasgow about a fortnight ago. Fucked the entire network for the best part of a week.

To be fair the poor bastard looking after the Scotrail social media accounts was tirelessly posting information about why it was dangerous but...that's of no comfort to most people when they seemingly cancel loads of trains for no reason at all the other weeks of the year. I think that's what was getting to people.
Why are we such losers :(
And this is their terrible, terrible excuse, I call it bad engineering myself, but hey ho....

"Many sections of our railway were built in cuttings and tunnels which are lower than the surrounding area, and many other lines are on flat, low-lying land with limited drainage, making them prone to flooding.

Flood water can wash away ballast - the bed of stones which supports sleepers - making the line unsafe until it is re-laid.

The development of land near the railway can increase the risk of flooding: if the drainage system is inadequate, rain which previously soaked into the ground may run off tarmac and concrete and straight onto the tracks.

When the water level rises above the rails, trains have to reduce their speed to prevent damage to the train. If the track has a live conductor rail, flooding can cause a short circuit.

Points and signalling equipment can fail when water enters their housings and may need replacing before services can resume."

http://www.networkrail.co.uk/timetables-and-travel/delays-explained/flooding/
To be fair, how could they know it was going to rain when they were designing and building the railroad?
Reminds me of [Goodness Gracious Me](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIMUNyFGauE) with trains stopped by the sacred leaf on the line
[Here's James May to tell you why!](https://youtu.be/KbUsKWbOqUU)
...how much rain does that take?
There was a train between Nottingham and Sheffield (or that was going on that line) it was cancelled for the night but they decided to run it again I think but it was limited to a speed of 20mph
Roads are not much better, roads blocked by people who either can't drive properly or have just abandoned their car in the middle of the road.
the wrong type of rain no doubt
Is this what you call a 'Wet Brexit'?
Ginger bread is the worst. Chocolate orange shit rules. (I am a costa girl but i went into neros today and i loved it!!)
Chocolate orange doughnuts in morrisons. 

Must be this year's pulled pork. 
Chocolate orange? They have chocolate orange muffins in Nero?!
I've just seen chocolate orange pies on the same display as mince pies in asda. I'm guessing chocolate orange everything is this year's "thing".
All muffins are beautiful, you monster.
Blueberry muffins are the best and you must be converted.
I must be a heathen but I prefer them to the chocolate muffins in most cases
Blueberry muffins are better you heathen, chocolate chips are for cookies
Blueberry muffins are superior. Grow up
This is usually due to lazy customers in all honesty 
Blueberry muffins are a million times nicer than choc chip!
Blueberry is fine. it's raisins you gotta watch out for.
Blueberry > chocolate chip 
but I prefer blueberry to choc chip
Seriously, get on the blueberry muffin vibe train. Theyre the best. 
The crushing reality when you break open the packaging and the overpowering stench of blueberries blasts out towards you. All you wanted was choc chip and now all you can blueberries is blueberries.

Sainsbos has the tastiest muffins though, I've personally tested this
Can't beat a good BB & White chocolate muffin mate.
There's something wrong with Blueberry muffins?

What would be an abomination is if they did one of their 'little twists' and combined the two.
I fucking love blueberry muffins! They're my favourite. Also chocolate chip muffins are my favourite too. And triple chocolate chip cookies with the white chocolate chips as well.

And the ones in the petrol station covered in icing with a gooey centre! 

I love all muffins.

Many times I've accidentally eaten a blueberry muffin and it's a nice surprise.
It's the customers! I work in one and no longer eat anything from the bakery. Us staff follow really strict guidelines and then customers squeeze stuff and move stuff around with their bare hands. 

Also, pigeons.
That's because they are the superior product.
I blame the customers
Both types are great. But that is just pure deception.
I'd be really annoyed if I thought there were no blueberry muffins and it turns out they were hiding in the chocolate chip pile.
Jokes on them, I prefer blueberry.
I'm so proud of my country right now. I'm glad we can all agree that blueberry muffins are superior.
Ha! Tesco did same with cheese croissants! (Who the hell buys them?) Put some in the almond section.... Worst breakfast ever! 
I like blueberry, but this is proper scumbag tactics. Nothing worse than biting into what you think is chocolate chip and suddenly finding out that it ain't.
I must be in the minority who'd rather have some good old blueberry
I live in the U.S. Are y'all accepting American refugees across the pond? I'd rather have your problems.
I thought I had bought taste the difference chocolate chip shortbread. It was sultana shortbread.
Look closely to tell the difference? One is dark brown and the other creamy white. Do yoy have to look closley to distinguish between Trump and Obama?
I'm sick of the Nanny state trying to push healthy food on us all.
I fell for it when in a rush into work. Bought the mini ones as a treat for the office but they were a disappointment.
Always read the label!
I once bought a pasty from Morrison's expecting it to be a regular steak and onion filling, it was about what I expected until I got about half way into it, turned out to be half apple pie filling. Honestly don't know what they were thinking with that one but someone was obviously buying them.

Sometimes the choc chip count in the sainsbury muffins are approaching 50% mass though, and it feels icky to eat :( You can tell they were done by the sixth former making £6.70 an hour
My Sainsburys do fresh banana bread for a quid, replaced the blueberry muffins which are quid fifty, which is simply too much.
I work in a supermarket bakery, there are 2 types of food items we deal with, one is frozen bread / pastry which comes in frozen and we bake.

The other is 'defrost' like your beloved muffins and also any branded donuts or rolls in plastic packaging which come in frozen and we simply leave them out overnight until they thaw, then we stick 'em on the shelf.

Please support your local baker, if you can be fucked
This is precisely why I hate oatmeal raisin cookies.
Blueberry is along the lines of sprouts. Products of the devil.
[deleted]
Don't look *too closely. 

You are welcome. 

-American

Back corner near the bread usually... Sometimes on an end of aisle display point but my local have also replaced the fresh pannini four pack section with festive fodder. 

Currently the Finest are on a two for £3 with their Rhubarb & Stem Ginger Pies which are flippin' delicious..
Usually near the bakery section tbh. Plus whatever extra display stands they've got hanging around near the front since it's a seasonal thing.
Must be sold out, I mean it is almost the start of December...



...You're part of the problem.
If you're elderly, disabled or otherwise obviously not able to we will bring the shopping in, no problem. If you are just lazy we won't. We don't get given the time to do it and our timings are very tight. Genuine question, is being fat a disability? I'm never sure wether to offer help.  Source , UK home shopping driver. 
It's not so much that they come in that hurts me in my Britishness but the fact that them not coming in never appears to be presented as an option. It's actually quite good though because it is a convenience I probably would've rejected out of awkwardness if they had asked. 
Ocado drops my stuff in the kitchen.
Lucky! Whenever I order, the guy calls my phone and I have to go down to the van to get it. Whenever my wife orders, the guy shows up at the door.
Nooit delivery in NL besteld, but back here in Scotland they try to just walk into your kitchen. I have to inform them that "right here is just fine, thanks" in order to avoid them just barging in. 
My Tesco delivery person very kindly brings my shopping into the kitchen & even unpacks it for me - I don't know if that's the norm or not, but I do have health problems so it's really useful for me.
The Dutch are cool and trustworthy. I'm sure if you asked, he would make you a cup of tea too. 
We use Tesco and the guy always asks "where do you want it?"  Kitchen please. He even stands there with the plastic container so you don't have to keep bending over. I just took this as the norm. 
Mine stands outside and nervously hands me carrier bags 2 at a time.
ASDA driver here. We always bring it into the kitchen unless the customer says otherwise. Official ASDA policy states we are not to enter the house but its the norm for my area anyway.
Depending on which Asda delivery guy my Mum gets that week, he'll often offer to take the boxes straight through to the kitchen so she can unpack them.
They are very direct in more ways than one, or rude.

Source: lived in the Netherlands for far too long
Same here in Belfast - I don't mind as it saves the trips to the kitchen from the door after they've gone, and then you drop the eggs after trying to carry too much at once. 
Sainsburys bring my shopping up to my kitchen in my first floor flat.
My dad has helped old ladies load their fridge/cupboards/kitchen with their shopping when he delivered it.
Sounds like you also have /r/expatproblems.
Yeah; but our delivery guys have done time...

And the customers are equally as sketchy... so it stays at the door where it belongs.
How often do you have groceries delivered? Weekly? Daily? We don't have grocery delivery where I live (U.S.). It sounds amazing. 
If it's not our regular guy who remembers I always have to say to leave it in the hallway as we have indoor cats, not sure I would want someone walking in with shoes anyway as it's a bit weird asking your delivery driver to take off shoes (shoes inside is just wrong) but they so ask around here. 
Horrifying update - we are getting a delivery tonight, my American wife insists that we eat dinner during the delivery time slot. There is a chance they will arrive as we are eating.
If you see a blind man walking towards scaffolding you've got to warn them dude... No wonder he was a bit off with you
with donald tusk singing
Last song I heard of the 1980s.

And Prince's 1999 was, oddly, the first song I heard of the 1990s.

Still got the recording from the radio on tape. The now defunct Southern Sound FM with Tommy Boyd (yes, he of Magpie/The Wide Awake Club!)
It always makes me feel tense that song.
At least Hitler made the trains run on time.  I mean they were death trains to death camps, but boy were they punctual. /S
I love a hot water bottle me. It's an oldie but a goodie. I've lived in a lot of cold houses. Whiskey bottle 2/3 full of hot water wrapped in a towel works in a pinch. ;)
Speaking as a woman of a certain age, the cool side of the pillow can never be too cold.
The best thing I ever did was buy linen bedding, a wool stuffed pillow and duvet. My bed is never too hot or cold now.
I reckon there's loads of corrupt midgets in Spain growing little oranges to rip off unsuspecting satsuma buyers in Britain. It's revenge for the Armada. 
Can you sing Barbie Girl?
I knew supermarkets did this with canned goods and biscuits and whatnot, but thanks for confirming it happens with the fresh meat, too. 
I'm confused, I shop at Tesco and they have a £1.89 packet of chicken breasts for a budget line and a £2-3 pack, exactly the same weight. 

Do you mean to say Sainsbury's have a similar thing going on and it's literally all the same chicken, just branded differently? 

Very interesting.. I always suspected they did this!
Welcome to capitalism. Suck it up.
I don't get it, why wouldn't it be the same? Sorry if I'm being thick.
Was it about the clampdown on fake news sites?
Was it a news report dismissing them?
Brietbart: for when other news sources are insisting on that fact and truth nonsense
Getting so that they are pushing the same far right propaganda material
As long as the facts are legitimate, why does the source matter? Breitbart isn't some scary Nazi twilight zone.
As someone who already has cancer, it's always awkward watching the advert with this line in it. If i'm on my own it's fine but with any number of other people, I'm there fulfilling a statistic! 
True, but the main reason for that is that we're not dying of other things as much as we used to. So there's a bright side.
Thus far in the comment thread, I'm in the proper half of the two of us. 

Well, whoever my opposite number is, I hope you get better soon.
Ah, found the closet Frenchie
Sachertorte.
Venison's dear nowadays. 
r/dadjokes
are you a chicken?
See what you did there
Just what type of rage monster are you.
I hope you make it to where you need to be, or have at the least found a safe haven. Should the next one have come along and been a super train that laughs in the very face of flooding, well, so much the better.
Oh god, I fear this very much- I have a train booked from Aberdeen to Bristol in December, and it it's not running I will be fuming.
Did it arrive OP?
Simple as, don't use trains...
Chris Evans basks in the warm glow of the sun shining out his own arse.
Maybe it's time we said goodbye to Chris Evans.
Put your ear to an arsehole and it'll get full of shit.
oh no! i forgot to record it!
I don't understand. Your comment seems to imply theres a time when its not on?
It wasn't Hot Fuzz? God this country's gone to the dogs
The Mummy returns, yet again 
I bet they had one of the James Bond movies on as well
Why is this a problem? That movies great
Was it followed by Back To The Future 2?
You better get used to it. They'll show it even more nearer to the reboot 2017 film launching. Gotta piggyback that hype/awareness.
The bigger problem is that you were watching ITV2.
Peter Jackson's King Kong will be next.
It's a quality film. Remember first seeing it as a kid and being really creeped out by Imhotep. Would gladly watch whenever it's on. 
"Time to go!"
WHAT!!! you mean it wasn't Jurassic Park?

Fucking Brexit. 
At this point,  I'm starting to forget that Brandon Fraser is not British. 
Brendan Fraser irritates me
Let me guess..the mummy 1...followed by the mummy 3..then the mummy returns ..then jurassic park 3 ..back to the future 2...back to the future 1..juarassic park 2..juarassic park 3 ...bridget jinea diary ..the mummy returns... back to the future..nanny mcphee ..then finally the mummy again ..sound about right?
When is The Matrix trilogy on again?
It's one of those few weird movies that I haven't seen, we've all got them.

However, the continued ramming it in my face every single weekend for the last 28 years or whatever it is has made me vow never to watch it in my life. No matter how the bastards try to trick me. 
Is it the heavily edited version that they still insist on showing no matter what time of day it is on?

also is Back to the Future still being shown on ITV2?
#JUST

Horrible weather out there today mate.
A shop I used to work in had a dodgy burglar alarm which occasionally decided to go off in the middle of the work day; while its 'detecting burglars' function was clearly broken, its 'piercing shriek' function was decidedly not. When that happened, as we waited for the nice technicians to make the 45-minute journey to come and turn it off, helpful customers would come in and tell us "oo, your alarm's going off". I think they thought we didn't notice.
I remember once struggling through driving rain to get to the safety of a local cafe and remarked that it was like trying to get to the [Sun Dome in the Ray Bradbury story](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Long_Rain). Needless to say I was met by blank looks.
Wet enough for you?
At least it's not summer,  then you would feel jealous. 
After reading posts like this, I'm beginning to to think it's best not to talk to people at all.
When u spend a 5ver on a terrys choclate orangeand argue over the 20pence worth of choclate stem in the middle.
6 New Terry's Chocolate Oranges = 4 old ones. It's like decimal day all over again.
Maybe it's a chocolate orange shortage,hot on the heels of the Toblerone debacle & the Marmite fiasco. There's dark forces at work here,you mark my words. Snackgate. 
It's so people don't accidentally overdose on them.
Or you could knock on the door.
Kind of related, but I had to do a dump in Sainsburys the other week.

The over ambitious next customer kept trying to open my cubicle door when it was obviously locked. 

One word from me got him to stop though. A stern "Occupied"

He replied with "I do beg your pardon."
I then apologised... I've never felt more British.
Mine has started wearing adaptive camouflage... You can be waiting by the door and there'll be just a gentle stirring of the air and when you turn around... There it is... The red card of disappointment and delay
Royal Mail here. We thought you'd never leave...
Now I just have to hope my neighbours answer the door at some point.
They will price match anything you can find elsewhere for cheaper and they have pretty good returns policy.
Nobody knows.
Quality. Like for like they are perfectly okay on price- but they tend to carry a range of goods which are high end. Like Waitrose - perfectly competitive if you shop sensibly- but a large selection of really expensive things are also on display to tempt you. 
As a former member of the never knowingly undersold team, this is my time to shine...
Generally, John Lewis is on par with all the companies they're matching (and this excludes quite a lot of companies already). If the John Lewis product is more expensive it's either 1/ not the exact same product, 2/ the competitor has a sale (in which case john Lewis will match until the competitor runs out of stock), 3/ not a valid competitor.
So it's a pretty good stuff, but there are so many conditions a lot of requests end up denied. Still worth applying for it if you would go buy with John Lewis anyway...
 
I feel I could do a little ama, haha!
I think they sell on service as much as price -
We don't use them very often, but when we have they have been excellent. 
One aspect that commenters seem to have overlooked: 

The flip side of selling on good customer service is that John Lewis aren't going to keep stocking items that give them a lot of hassle. Their buyers are going to pick a few models from a few manufacturers and in most cases they aren't going to try for the full range from any given brand, it's a selection. They will stock stuff that doesn't die early because they don't want the hassle of customer returns. This means that they are going to be selling mid range to relatively high end in many categories. 

Contrast this with say curry's for electronics:
Curry's will have some of the same Samsung and LG models and maybe some exclusive models too. Curry's will also do a wider range, maybe every Samsung model in the UK due say a TV and also some shitty brands, like Bush; Goodmans; Alba etc. They're shitty because they don't last but curry's don't care, they still get your money and people still buy the stock because it is cheap. Bought the extended warranty because curry's stuff always breaks? Kerching! We'll be happy to repair it for you. Need to replace your HDTV after 3 years because it died? Kerching! With the expensive stuff you don't know if it's any good or not, that's your lookout to research. 
John Lewis sells some quality products, but I know for example that for at least one brand of headboard they stock they demand the manufacturers create a cheaper product specifically for them. Then they triple the price to make it appear to be a quality product. 
JL often sell something no-one else does.  Like their iPads have 2 year warranties.  Everyone else, including Apple, only sell them with 1 year warranties.
Worked there for 3 months. They do price match but only to companies that have "physical shops across the country".
Is the SKU the same (Colonist lurker, I assume you use the same system)? Manufacturers will make slightly different versions of the same but slightly modified product, with a different bar-code, and is therefore a different product. It's a weird loophole, but a legally binding one. 
It's because everyone affiliated to John Lewis is contractually obliged to stick their fingers in their ears, close their eyes and go "Lalalalalalalaalalala" whenever any other retailer comes up in conversation.
Bleh bleh bleh
***cough*** Pirate Bay ***cough***
My mate presents that!
It'll be repeated soon... It's on ITV2
What sort of diet involves banning tea?! It's essentially hot water...
Have you tried...gin?
That's not a diet... That's an infringement of your basic human rights!
How will you cope? 
Sounds like keto...? YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS LAD. TIME FOR A FRY UP! Be careful with sausages since most are bulked up with wheat. You can replace them with like sausage meat burger things from Asda, a fraction of the carbs but bloody delicious. Also just remember to bulk your meals with lots of veg, bowl impaction ain't no joke son
Tea with a slice of orange or lemon can be good.  Really good.  I don't like milk other than in morning.
Is it just me or is Graham Norton turning into a miniature Matthew Kelly?
It's high time that there was a new series of Public Information Films to assist the public in distinguishing Les Dennis from Keith Chegwin.

How much longer will the nation have to suffer this heartbreak before something is done?
Ah-well I don't really knoooowww.
Once you've seen Keith Chegwin's wang on that weird naked game show he did there can be no confusion.

I didn't dream that, did I?
I always got Les Dennis mixed up with Bobby Davro.
That's not surprising http://m.imgur.com/e7dceMA
I struggle with Phil Jupitus and Warwick Davis... It's a flippin' nightmare during Panto Season
I always get Michael Barrymore and Dale Winton confused.

Not that I think about either of them particularly regularly.
What year is it???
And Bobby Davro
Differentiate them by which was married to Amanda Holden.
I just wish I could stop calling him Des Lennis.
Just imagine having a torrid threesome with both of them.

Now you can't think of anything else.
Ever seen them in the same room? 
Little-known Keith Chegwin fact - he grew up on the same street as the guy who played Harold Bishop from Neighbours
Keith chegwin is in Boltons pantomime this year, surprised we got someone so 'big'
They do look alike, but I can always recognize Cheggers, due to him being on TV all the time when I was a kid.
It's only recently that I realised that Alan Titchmarsh and Eammon Holmes aren't the same person, I don't pay much attention to daytime TV. 
I can't be the only person who had to google both those names
No no no no no no parking is allowed on the upper field. Thank you.
I remember when I was a child and used to watch that round my Gran's, I thought this scene was absolutely hilarious! 

And I still do!
Good. You're supposed to stand on the right, and pass on the left.
It's just deliberately to wind you up now
How much extra did you have to pay to get the pilot's seat?
Fair play. I think planes are amazing full stop. Mostly they get you up,across huge distances,feed you-sometimes with a telly and get you down safely. Fucking great really, for all their faults. Shooting through the sky at hundreds of mph, drunk and having a shit in a tiny space-age khazi. I like going to India-I can get a 4 month return for a weeks wages. Cracking. 
Last time I flew home Ryanair announced we had to pull back into the gate because there was 'technical issues' and the engineer had to come on. Sat for half an hour watching the engineer having a laugh with the pilots and flight attendents for them to just switch the plane off and on again. If they tried that first we would have made it to our destination in time to hear the stupid fanfare announcement.
Their new cabins are fantastic! I'm a 6ft guy and I had a good inch or so between my knees and the seat infront, coupled with noone in the middle seat and that made a nice comfy spot for a 45 minute delay whilst we got a tyre changed! Sadly I believe it's only on the new 737's and the old ones won't be fitted with it.

I'm a huge fan of Ryanair, they get you from A to B and are dirt cheap in the process, what else do you really want?
oh no they aren't!!
That one is not one of their best but they ain't shite!
I still look forward to getting the TV guide and seeing what films are gonna be on normal tv over Christmas. 


I don't think I ever watch any but still
It's even worse when you've got a kodi box and don't even have the thrill of waiting for the DVD to come out...
Or The Alamo.
Or Sound Of Music.
Or Chitty, Chitty, Bang Bang.
Or Close Encounters.
Or The Great Escape.
Or James Bond (from a decade prior)
etc
For some reason, my childhood was always Beverly Hills Cop 3. It was on at like 10pm Christmas Eve and I would always watch it... Don't think I've ever seen the others.

Oh and the family hoping for that one Wallace and Gromit we hadn't seen for years, but the inevitable disappointment.
I'm not worried about the 2 quid, I'm worried about drunkenly forgetting to lift my jacket, then having to stumble in the next day while hanging out of my arse to ask about it.
You don't have to pay £2 to put your beer jacket in the cloakroom 
All about taking the jacket you like, but not that much, then stuffing it behind the £1.89-a-go cash machine and hoping its there at the end of the night.
It's not the £2. It's getting home to realise you are not wearing a coat anymore
All in reading is shit like "£20 to get in"  and "£2 for the cloakroom", it makes me glad I drink in Hull at a bar that's £3 to get in and 20p for the cloakroom
People take jackets for a night out?

Bunch of southern softies...
You and your mates are supposed to put all your bags and coats on the floor and form a protective ring of dance.
I left my coat in the pub on Tuesday thinking I would be able to collect it from the pubs lost and found the next day. Nope, it was stolen. I fully deserved it.
But £20 to get in?  No problem.

Although, top tip, say the magic words "I work at [nearby bar]" and you'll likely get waved through.
It's £5 in one of the clubs where I live!
At a club on New Year's Eve bought a jacket. Once the night had finished (about 4) I went to collect it, turns out the hangers in the cloakroom had collapsed and nobody knew what number each coat was. Queue was insane. Ended up getting home at 7.30. 

Never again
Coats are for cunts anyway
/r/northernsuccesses
I bet some of you pansies even have sleeves on your shirts!
I do it because I'm a tough guy and I like showing off how much tougher than everyone else I am.
Me and my friend usually bring a bag into which we stuff EVERYTHING.

Suppose us Irish are crafty folks.
wear a jumper, best of both worlds
Refusing to not wear a coat because the mile walk home would be too cold. Refusing to pay the £2 for the cloakroom and stewing in my own sweat.
Find a dark corner around seats, dump it there. 
Hang on! When did it go up to £2!? It was £1 last time I went out...about...6-7 years ago...
Nah mate it's the queues for the cloakroom 
I bring a big plastic carrier then me and my friends all shove coats and bags into it and hand it over. It's not the classiest, but it's cheap. 
You're lucky to have a cloakroom to put coats
Whenever I go to a gig that has a cloak room, I usually sacrifice the last song and go get the coats so we don't have to wait around. 
Are you me? Because I did that exact thing yesterday and also refused to pay the £2.
I think I'd pay £2 to not have to go to a club. 
Wait until the bouncers evolve the next strategy:

It is not a fee for storing your coat or purse or whatever, it is a service fee that everyone must pay. Sort of second entry fee if you will.
For every five minutes spent outside between pres and club, have a shot before you leave. At least that's how I stay warm.
As a cloakroom worker, the more people who do this, the earlier i get to go home. Thank you for sacrificing your warmth guys! :D
Or because you're a geordie. And nobody up north wears a coat.
A mate of mine did this last night, it was raining as well. I'd much rather pay the £2. Plus I give the ticket to a girl who will keep it in her handbag, so it's not my problem anymore. Somehow I get my jacket back when leaving. It magically just appears.

The £20 entrance fee is what I hate. £20 fucking pounds.
You put your coats in the cloakroom? 
Where do you put your cloaks?  The umbrella spot?
Minus two? I don't even change out of my short sleeve shirt for that.
Then standing in the smoking area all night so you can chat to your mate about his grief

But you then remember you don't normally smoke so mostly you're stealing his rollies
I'm a wussy southerner - I have to wear a coat or I freeze.

My fiance's a Geordie - we lived up there for a while.  Couldn't get over the amount of people who went out with no coat, especially the women who'd wear skimpy outfits with no tights in sub-zero temperatures.
I just tie mine round the waist
Solution. Don't go to clubs
I just take an older coat and dump it on the back of a chair as soon as I get in.
I just wear it. And leave it on a seat if my friends find a table. 
My priority leaving the club is getting some food asap not my coat.. Also when I do remember I always seem to have misplaced the cloakroom ticket
Where what you want, drink until the weather is comfortable. 
I'd rather pay £2 than have to be arsed to empty all my pockets.
Reminds me of first year of uni in Sheffield, the bulk of my corridor were from Europe and were astounded at the lack of clothing people, particularly women, wore on nights out. I must admit going out with them more often made me appreciate actually having a coat and spending that £1. 
One club tried to charge me £2 for my coat and then another £2 for my scarf once. Even though it would easily fit on the same hanger or in the pocket. Robbers. 
Or keeping it on and being fucking boiling
for me its not the 2 quid, its the fucking queue at the end to get it back.. Fabric im looking at you!
I have an expensive coat so I always think someone would rob it from the cloakroom. Yet a night out is the best time to show off my new coat.
Or don't be stupid and just wear your coat in the club.
-2 Celsius is warmer than -2 Fahrenheit correct
Im not british I just find brits fascinating. You honestly call the coat room a cloakroom?
[deleted]
Literally this is what i did last night. Reminder set to go off an hour before the club closes.[screenshot](https://i.sli.mg/MBumZG.png)
I was only considering this earlier today, having to negotiate the large number of trolleys left scattered along the path through the carpark.  
  
They are clearly in a hurry to get home in time to watch Jeremy Kyle.
I swear once I saw someone taking about 30 seconds to balance the trolley they intended to abandon behind a bollard (there was a slight incline in the car park), so that it would still roll away but not until they had exited the car park. 

Wasn't even raining either. It'd have been quicker to take to back to the trolley bay, the lazy, lazy bastards. 
In one of the supermarket carousels near me one person will abandon a trolley in the corner then everyone else suddenly thinks they can get away with it and starts stacking them there instead of walking back.

Also in lidl once I was at the checkout and looked out and someone had abandoned a trolley then realised that wheels plus slope plus gravity is not a good combination and the trolley was hurtling towards my car and they were sprinting towards it. Nothing I could do but watch. They caught it.
They've even made a popular UK Subreddit into a boardgame. Wish I could remember the name of it....
Remember ATMOSFEAR? It came with a videotape and this guy talked to you throughout the game. It was cool when I was a kid.

Anyway, I imagine the Gogglebox board game to work the same way, you watch some shit and talk about it, except that's just a normal weekday evening so what's even in the box?
They have a stupid mobile app too with cartoon clips of the show? Ridiculous 
They haven't made a Pointless board game yet, as far as I'm aware. And I'd love to see someone make a Tipping Point game.
I remember years ago when I thought that there couldn't be a worse TV programme than the x-factor, happier times.
That's not tea. It's a flavoured hot drink.
That's not... That's not fucking tea.   You can tell because *it's not fucking tea.*
Well for a start if it's Rooibos it's South African not French, so you are partially in the clear. 
Where do you get it from? I always get some awesome flavoured tea when I'm going there and this one seems right up my street 
What's the brand you're after? There's a Mariage Freres shop in Selfridges, they may have it...
It's been raining here since about 1872
We're in Britain. It's supposed to rain.
If it makes you feel better it's raining heavily where I am in Spain too and will be all week. 
Only yesterday? Try since last week!
I work nights and I don't even... 
Nearly had to suffer through this myself...

Good luck mate
Your generosity know no bounds, calling one of those things a "train".
Don't most petrol stations have loose change plates at the till for this reason? I don't drive, but most of the ones I've been in have had them.
Grrr. Can't find the old Not The Nine O Clock News sketch "Nobble Button" for your delectation. 
That used to annoy me, but now I just fill it until it auto-stops it. I mean I'm going to use it all up anyway...
What's needed is an extra long nozzle that reaches the actual tank, then you can hit "suck" every time you go over.
I stopped on 9.99 this morning. I stood wondering "OK, do I leave it, go in, pay and either accept my 1p change or say keep it, or do I test my mettle and see if I can squeeze just 1p out". I went for it.

10.01 it was then......
Tesco's Pay @ Pump machines have a limiter on them so you can enter in an exact value before you fill up, should you care about hitting an even number
That bastard snapped my umbrella 
dude, make your own
Why do people freak out over milk? I can see not having bread but loss of moo juice doesn't bother me.
Well that's what you get for eating a Calippo in November you lunatic!
The fuck you having a calippo for in November? 
I think you have bigger problems than juice at the bottom.
THAT'S WHAT THEY'RE ACTUALLY CALLED ?!? I guess I never read the packaging properly.
Oh dear, that's the best bit.

And now I want a calippo.
Mix them... 2.75l of consistent strength squash... Solved...
Take the labels off.
Read the label mate.
Why are both open at once? 
The correct answer is none, because Robinsons tastes like tramp piss.
Orwell [knows best](http://www.booksatoz.com/witsend/tea/orwell.htm):

*Tenthly, one should pour tea into the cup first. This is one of the most controversial points of all; indeed in every family in Britain there are probably two schools of thought on the subject. The milk-first school can bring forward some fairly strong arguments, but I maintain that my own argument is unanswerable. This is that, by putting the tea in first and stirring as one pours, one can exactly regulate the amount of milk whereas one is liable to put in too much milk if one does it the other way round.*

- Eleven steps to a good cup of tea - George Orwell
I'm struggling to answer this.  If I'm using tea bags, which is rare, I will put the water and teabag in together first, until they have had time to brew.  Only then will I add milk.  However, if I'm using loose leaf tea, then the milk goes into the cup first and the tea infusion is added after.  
  
So unfortunately, I'm unable to answer that. 
Question is inadequate.

Brewing in the cup with teabag: milk goes in last.

Brewing in the teapot: milk in the cup first.


I'm pleased to see that the majority of people who have answered this are in agreement with me, but perhaps OP will give us the full figures whenever the survey finishes.
Does this mean first as in *before the water*, or first as in *before taking the teabag out*? 


I put in the teabag, the water, let it brew, then take the teabag out and top up with milk. 
Relevant sub r/ratemytea
It's best last, but I always put it in first because I get bored just standing around the kettle waiting for it to boil.
never quite figured out how to stop the weird tea skin forming on the top after mere seconds of the teabag being covered with hot water... 

i have a habit of shaking every teabag i get out of the jar even though it doesn't do anything
I don't take milk.
Surely that's /r/britishsuccess?
Must have been a pack of ballroom judges who felt he didn't stretch his lines in the American Smooth, and his chassé was just dreadful <rolls eyes>.
It was a  famous male dancer who was attacked in the street. Possibaly worth 5 mins if it helps catch the cunts
my wife does that a lot. her solution is to make me make her a cuppa. so my suggestion to you is to get a Partner / Tea Slave.
Even worse, going for the last swig of tea and realise its stone cold.
Additional problem: going to take the last swig of tea and realise that dog is expecting you to leave it for her. And you just can't make yourself disappoint her.
I always leave a little bit at the bottom, not sure why but it feels dirty.
getting to the bottom and finding biscuit sludge in it....
Ah god that proper ruins my day.

Nothing worse than seeking the comfort of a swig of tea and being met by nothing. Sad.
You bastard you just made me imagine doing this ...
Relevant sub r/ratemytea
Hello darkness my old friend... 
That's the NHS for you. 
He's not a child anymore, it would be false advertising.
It turns out he just wears that over his eye for fashion, not for any medical need.
He keeps getting it done, but there's always some idiot running with scissors, or similar.
It's **children** in need, the bear can fucking wait!
I heard that the eye patch turned blush on... 
He's actually had it eight times already but he keeps injuring it all over again.
I had heard Jimmy Saville wore it on a ring, that sick bastard.
What about comic relieif thats had a simalar amount if not more and they still havnet got taps in africa... (toto)
The BBC spends most of the money on lubricant for pedophiles. 
I think that means you've adopted him now. He'll arrive at your door like a little Paddington any day.
Could be worse, could have been ed 
Thank goodness satsumas are in season. No one likes bits of orange peel stuck under their fingernails.
Satsuma are pretty sour though. Give me a nice clementine or mandarin ny day. 
[deleted]
There is no right Chris Martin. 
r/BritishSuccess for them then, surely
Whoever he is, he's probably more interesting than Coldplay Chris Martin.
Perhaps they all like good music?
I think after all the "fracas" fuss people forgot that the format was, whilst entertaining, starting to feel a little stale and quite a bit "seen and done all this". It's distracting watching this new venture and watching for the bits missing because they were the property of the BBC Top Gear brand.
Really? I really enjoyed it, but then I enjoyed Top Gear because it had those three bouncing off each other, plus cars. I can't really think of anything missing- except the race driver being a mystery and there's no 'Star in a reasonably priced car' which I didn't enjoy anyway. 
This issue is, you're expecting it to be Top Gear on a high budget. It's not. It's a mostly car-based programme, being presented by the three guys who also did Top Gear.

So obviously, being the first episode, it's not totally up to scratch. I really liked it, but obviously once they get part way through, you'll see the shows really pick up. I'm sure series 2 and 3 will be fucking brilliant
Phish food. But only on special. 
Now I want Caramel Chew Chew...:(
home bargains has it for 2 quid if your home bargains has a freezer bit.
Do love the Ben & Jerry - One Love.
I think it's on sale at Tesco at the moment.  It took a lot of willpower not to put Peanut Buttercup in my trolley. 
Heron usually has it for £2 and its 2.50 in Asda atm
I think I ate so much 'Vermonster' that I can safely blame my developed nut allergy on that product alone. 

I would happily pay that much if they brought the frozen yoghurt out more though- that stuffs delicious and the last one I tried from Tesco (or was it Asda?) tasted like a frozen soup made from used urinal cake. 
i won't buy it unless it's on offer for a minimum of 2.50, and even then i feel like i'm paying too much... but i do love cookie dough
because parents ( like me) are a  certain gullible kind of person who will do anything for their kids. hence why every kid i know ( especially mine ) has 6.4 tons of toys that they dont play with.
Who would have thought that Baz's Xmas Funtime Land just off junction 34 would end up being a disappointment? 
I came here to say the same thing! 
I like that the machines at the tobacco counter at my local one have a hand-written message taped to them: "This is not contactless"
The two small Sainsburys nearest to me have contactless! It went in about two weeks ago.
I actually mentioned this to someone at my local, he reckons they're finally working on it. 
My three locals all have contactless
At Morrisons, on the self service machines, you have to hit the "contactless" pay button to use it. If you hit "card", you have to use chip&pin and can't go back
If you caught the plague though you'd probably get compensation for it 
He did win though, so they were just giving you the information before it happened. You should have phoned a bookmaker and bet your life savings on him.
For me "this time of year" = Jan —> Dec.
What's the problem?
Waitrose pies are amazing. I live directly next to a branch, but I'm a student, so Its often an Aldi jobby instead. The struggle is real.
Switch the beans for Gravy, maybe some peas. Chips and gravy, mmm
Damn. I'd give my eye teeth for that right now.
you're a big boy now
Now I also want this. For breakfast.
Bloody hell, now that's all I want!
Can I suggest Ham, egg and chips on alternate days?
 You could mix it up a bit and have pie, mash and beans.

On a related note, I now know what I'm having for my tea tonight. 
I like sausage, egg, chips and beans. Comfort food right there.
I'm eating a macaroni pie right now. It's so good. With chips and peas, it'd be even better.
At least whichever little cunt keeps lifting up all the windscreen wipers on every car along my street has a less noisy jape. 
I live in a converted old mental asylum, (although some wings remain in disrepair). Its student accommodation and if its not spooky noises in the night its drunks coming home from 'the sesh' at 6AM shouting and screaming. And if your not really a party person, you're labeled as 'boring'. Hate this place sometimes. 
was it someone or was it the wind?
Had a raccoon knock a wheelie bin over when i was in the usa. Cute buggers but that scared the fuck out of me because it sounded like a bear. 
I was out in Liverpool with a friend a while ago and he was rather worse for wear than me on our walk home. Started going on a bit of a mild rampage by knocking over empty wheelie bins so I picked them back up again. That's the whole story.
I left for work and every wheelie bin along the street had been aligned perfectly at 90 degrees to the road, sitting at exactly the same distance from the kerb.  That was funny.
Witnessed my neighbor knock over his wheelie bin by mistake on Friday. Gave me a good chuckle.
* Haemorrhoids
I'm just glad kids grew out of throwing stones and "itchy cues" (I have no idea, they're like really fat rosehips) at windows, and setting wheelie bins on fire.

One time we stole a couple of full bins just so we could burn them on the cycle track (which was secluded) for fun/heat. We weren't homeless, just bored and scummy.
I see your haemorrhoids and I raise you with an ingrown toenail.
Leave.
I bet it told you to shield your pin to stop you from being robbed too, something ironic in that. 
Have you spotted the 6'3 elf smoking woodbines round the back yet? Or realised the reindeer are actually donkeys with taped on antlers? I think that's about the usual experience for this sort of place.
FFS its November. I have no sympathy.
You would think that given how ubiquitous contactless payments are in London as well as how many people go to London just for Winter Wonderland that they would embrace it. 
Living in London heading to winter wonder land last year angered me so. I hate being charged £7 for one god damn ride! Fuck that place.
lol fuck that place it's a nightmare. 1970s carnies in central London
After the cluster fuck of the last 3 years in Milton Keynes...I've decided to never go again.
Get money before you go.
FFS, robbin' bastards !
I bet the food stalls over salt everything, and the drinks stalls give you mostly ice too.
5 pounds for a cup of warm wine
Cashpoint/Hole-in-the-wall*
got an AA05 Friday... my coffee was more important, now I'm the proud owner of 4x 1996-2014 £1 coins!
Restaurant I work at part time had an AA01 dropped in the charity boxes. Despite the many staff wanting to replace it with an old fiver of their own, off it went to charity, maybe they'll stick it on EBay.
AA14 😢
I had an AK4..6 :( so close 
I currently have one; but don't think it'll get anything now the craze has died down; so I'm going to save it for when it's old and rare. Maybe just frame it and show my kids and grandkids one day. 
I bought some AAs with a new fiver. I put them in a remote control.
AK47 went for £80,000
Still haven't got one and only seen one 
To this day I *still* check the latest 20p coins on the off chance that I have one with the missing date.
Had a customer come in and hand me a £20 note when she had a £5 note in her purse. When I suggested she might prefer to use it rather than ending up with rather less change bogging down her purse, she then proceeded to tell me it was an AA01 and she was saving it because 'it's worth money'.

...if you're saving it for a collector or something, *why is it in your wallet?*
I've seen people selling any random £5 note and getting over £20 for them from people just as stupid as they are - just flog them anyway
Every day I pretend to be excited as I hand a new £5 back to customers, watch them check the serial number, then feign disappointment with them as they realise their £5 note is shockingly only worth...£5
It's fine. You obviously threw it away and started again, no harm done.
You obviously hate him. Did you also "accidentally" put cyanide in it too.
I'm going to come across as a savage, but my first brew in the morning is normally a shitshow. Sometimes the water isn't fully boiled, then adding coffee thinking its milk or leaving the milk out over night and hearing that PLOP sound as you try to pour it. 
Relevant sub r/ratemytea
milk in first taste better imo

this FACT is supported by the royal society of chemistry:

> If milk is poured into hot tea, individual drops separate from the bulk of the milk, and come into contact with the high temperatures of the tea for enough time for significant denaturation - degradation - to occur. This is much less likely to happen if hot water is added to the milk.

https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2003/jun/25/science.highereducation
It seems disturbing to me that no one believes they should/will ever die of something.  If it isn't this disease it will be another. Ok. I'll start rocking and tell myself I'm never going to die not now or ever of anything. I don't want to live forever. I guess I have "charity fatigue". No job? Just start a charity.
Is this the one?:

https://youtu.be/2UFGjg_87l4
Go to the better one, do the business... Then visit your original chap, parade your fancy follicles about the shop and tell him to get his act together or he'll never see the likes of your lovely locks again... Then mince out with a huff...
That keeping you awake last night, was it?

Go to the one who does a better job for the price, would've thought that was a no-brainer. Just because you've been going to one forever, doesn't mean he's any good.
Go for a wash at one and a blow at the other.
Maybe a price comparison website?

If only comparethebarnet.com existed!
same here, balls have dropped off nicely
Go get a few hot water bottles 
The production crew know what they are doing. 
I don't know and I don't want to know. 

So glad I stopped watching the X factor years ago
Imagine doing something as a bit of a joke, and then having to spend the rest of your life as that character.
Somewhere around about the time that Chico was on (so a long time ago) they discovered that adding a light-hearted personality-driven act to the mix helped to provide a bit of variety.

Unfortunately, like all initially good ideas, it then got pushed further and further to where we are now, with manufactured one-trick joke acts who really have no personality at all.
The personification of a joke, not watching X factor again. *probably going to watch it next year*
I haven't watched the show since One Direction were on it, 6 years now? I've thought it was fixed for years, awful TV 
The fact that it's giving x-factor huge amounts of free publicity is the reason.

Even this post is contributing to that.
> genuine talent

Mate you're watching X Factor.
I vote for her weekly because the show is ridiculous and she makes it entertaining. They take this mediocre singing contest way too seriously. None of the winners go onto big things anymore. Unless you count £5 personalised birthday messages over Twitter as a "big thing."
I can't be the only person who had to google "honey g" to find out what it was?  
  
I thought it was a new 'superfood' that people were talking about. 
Probably the only one who gives a shit
I saw him on telly talking about how he never intended to be on the Pointless show, but when they made the pilot episode they couldn't find anyone else so he stepped in for that one show, and the producers thought he was good at it, which he is of course
He doesn't do anything for me looks wise but gosh he is really lovely and funny.
Working a treat then
r/middleclassproblems
You don't need a cleaner then
I've heard that this is a thing people do, on both sides of the pond, actually. 

Could you explain why? I'm baffled. What is it you're cleaning up that they wouldn't ?
Could be worse.

One of the parents used to hire someone to do the ironing. Whilst the woman was ironing, the parent would just sit there watching tv.

/facepalm
Sounds about right. You want them to clean your house but you don't want people to see how messy you live. It's a paradox. 
I wanted to get a cleaner in when I worked away a lot and my wife was working and looking are the kids. She said no as her pensioner Granny and disabled Mother would have objected and done the cleaning before the cleaner came round so we wouldn't get a bad name in town.
You'll get used to the intrusion after a while.
My dad is quite lonely and his cleaner is a visit he looks forward to as a pensioner bachelor. He tidies before she comes to clean and also preps tea and biscuits. It's adorable 
I've heard a lot of people do this as if you're paying for someone to come and clean for a couple of hours you don't want them spending the time doing the basic jobs like wiping kitchen surfaces and hoovering as this only takes 10 minutes to do yourself. If you're paying for it its better to let the cleaner get on with the big jobs like cleaning the oven out or scrubbing the bog. Makes sense really.
We had a cleaner for a while, stopped because we were doing exactly that.  Eventually stopped being worth it once the habit was ingrained.
I have the same problem with Calpol spoons and Gü ramekins*.  

*Yeah I know, la di da*
Hoarder...
Doesnt it take a ridiculous amount of water to grow and harvest Almonds?
Tell her its causing water shortage in some African country. Hipster Mum
 Tell her oat milk is particularly good in tea.  I find almond milk is better suited to coffee.  Either way, it's so much nicer than cow juice.
Almond milk is delicious, I see no issue here.
It's come as a bit of a shock that Quality Street chocs all have names. I always think of them as the purple one and the orange one, etc.
The toffee deluxe was always a favourite. I'm not surprised people make a fuss about these things because we are terribly nostalgic about the small details that make Christmas and other major events special; interference with any of those things feels like a theft of our memories.
Has anyone tried the Honeycomb Crunch? How is it?
May's Britain mate
I like how you personified the leaves. Yes, they all *decided* to do this. The leaves saw humans being productive, and thought "This will not do." They conspired amongst themselves, as the humans walked past underneath, unaware that the rustling of the branches would spell their doom. Then, at the chosen moment, they fall as one, and wreak havoc on the nation.
Was it mid mouthful when they asked? 

"everything OK with your meal?"

"mmmhhhhmmmmgghh"
Being unable to stand anyone south of Northampton
Im from northampton. I can understand everything till the borders. 
Shit, I think they're on to us - someone say something about ginnells to distract them before they figure out the great Northern master plan.
Also *purse* = *handbag* for some strange reason.

And *bandage* = *sticking plaster*.

But British mains sockets are now accepted.
Mailbox is tough one, I've managed to get it down to only needing to draw the little flag thing they have. Garden is my nemesis though, I just can't get it, I've not seen a real one for ages and seem to have forgotten the basics of symbolism.
Never had this problem. Are you tapping before the machine is ready to take your payment?
Aldi tends to have older stock. It is likely that the extra size is from a while ago. 

Also Aldi did not lie, Nescafé did. (Aldi did not do the packaging)
Doritos seem to alternate between "Was £2, now only £1" and "£2 but buy one get one free". They obviously think we are all stupid.
I usually stand a bit nearer to the coke. The window doesn't half get in the way. 
You're jealous aren't you?
Heck, as a 40-something Dad of two, I'm jealous when friends tell me stories about going to a grown up film (you know, anything not by Disney/Pixar) or staying out after 8:00pm.   My Mum will be coming to visit us at Christmas.  Me and my Wife are so looking forward to her taking care of the kids so we can go to a 21+ only bar (we're in the States, so...) and having more than one drink.  We might even stay out passed midnight!  Who am I kidding?  We'll spend the night texting my Mum asking if the kids are OK, and discussing how much we miss them.
What sort of person goes to the loo to snort charlie when they're at home? That's what big glass lounge tables are for.
Why would you snort coke in your own bathroom? 
When he is out break in and nick his stash, it's not like he can ring the police and say somebody has stolen his coke.
Hey, at least you'll have an easy contact for Christmas if the mood takes you!
I'm a 20 something with money and time but tbh watching TV or video games with a kid sounds much more fun than doing coke and going to town for me

I think I'll make a great boring dad 
Outwardly outraged but internally jealous. 
I know the feeling. I'm long past staying up until dawn on a chemically induced rampage- but the odd toot would be nice, as long as I'm home asleep by midnight. Perhaps if you could buy the stuff in smaller quantities a new market would open up? A full wrap would probably kill me, and you can't leave it..
Why not both? 

Why were you watching them and what downstairs toilet doesn't have frosted glass?  Have you set up a live cam in your neighbour's toilet? 
I'm in my 40s with kids and I'm jealous. Then again,  a nice quiet night in with my exhausted other half.... yeah I'll do that
Is she cute?
It's worrying how cavalier people are about class A drugs these days. 
Scotland sends its regards. 
Why have they started naming them and when is Wettie Mc Wet face going to happen? 
> Angus battered southern England

Trust the Scots to deep fry everything.
Winds were pretty strong down here in Plymouth. The wind kept rattling my oven extractor and it was really bloody irritating!
It moved my neighbours bins down the road a little bit. 
Other than a few trains being cancelled (no change there), and a bit of a shower, I've not seen much evidence of it here in Kent. Seems to me that naming these things means that they'll have to name every heavy shower if they're going to get through the alphabet during the next few months...
It made my flat leak a little bit.
...and this is the weekend I chose to visit London. 
Light drizzle and a bit of a breeze here in East Anglia, but everyone keeps banging on about a storm.
Just typical English weather over the winter? And a bit windy that's it... 
Someone's gas BBQ got lifted out their garden over here 
I was down in southern Kent visiting a friend this weekend and his dad casually mentioned 'storm Angus' was coming overnight. I'm from London and hadn't heard about this, so I figured it was a joke, oh haha it's windy here by the seaside. 

I was woken up by the winds and felt like I was in the end of days. All their garden furniture (and even some fence!) was blown all over the place and such. It was surreal. 
> A storm named Angus

You've been ... Thunderstruck


Right Yellow, cheese and onion 

Fucking blue is salt and vinegar 

Walkers learn the bloody thing


You have started a war now on which colour is right for what flavour.  Also,  green is sour cream and onion because of course it should be. 
Yellow is chicken.
Green is Cheese and Onion.
Ed Balls.
Ed Baubles.
Ed Balls
Ed Balls.
Ed Balls.
Ed balls is great.
We have 5ive but I'm at work. I really wanted to Slam Dunk Da Funk. 
Went to the turn on in Cromer one year, they had the bloke who played the second Joey Boswell in Bread.
We have some guy that won the X Factor in 2014 and some other guys that didn't win either the X Factor or Britain has Talent.
Sounds like your council is going balls out for Christmas. 
You lucky duck, we literally have some random child. 
merry fuckin christmas :[
Ours was our Lord Mayor and Father Christmas. 
Better than Jake Quickenden
We had Chris Kamara as he lives locally. Ed Balls used to be a local MP so maybe he could come here next year. Maybe the locals have warmed to him a bit after seeing him do the Charleston.
Kerry Katona
Altrincham near me had Noddy Holder. He must be bloody sick to the back teeth of Christmas by now.
Hop the barrier in protest.
Should be illegal to charge for the toilet. Being able to relieve yourself is a human right. Especially when it's at a train station for a *public service*.
50p, WHAT, they're taking the piss!
Fucking Brexit
Euston, we have a problem.
The toilet's what?
Seriously what would happen if you didn't have 50p. Unlikely I know but not impossible. Would you be expected to piss yourself? I presume you wouldn't get a fixed penalty charge for pissing yourself but definitely would for pissing in an alleyway. 
Daylight robbery that shit is
Thanks for the heads up. 30p last time I visited and I'm on my way there now. 
An increase of 2 turds
This country is going down the shitter.
Go across Euston road to the Wellcome Collection. It's beautiful in there with free toilets, coffee shop and lovely reading room/library https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wellcome_Collection
I remember eating some cold sandwich on BA coming in LHR. Stupid me decided I had time and took the tube into Paddington. Halfway through the trip, I had a really bad stomach ache. The type where you know it'll explode. I get to Paddington and ran around with luggage in tow to look for the wc. I found it and thought about jumping it. I gave the newspaper stand 10 pounds in exchange for 30p. Almost didn't make it. 
Just beg, with a desperate look on your face, you'll soon raise the funds. "Please, please help me, I only need 20p, then I can go to the loo before I burst!"

Or perhaps there's a cash machine somewhere near, then get change buying a Mars bar from a newsagents.
At this rate it would be cheaper to buy a train ticket and use the one on the train.

Or just go to one of the pubs/restaurants outside
King's Cross is the most egregious example of this rubbish. There's a pub with a (nicer) toilet a literal stone's throw from the paid public ones.
Just tell them that it would cost more for them to clear up your piss than it would for them to just let you skip the toll.
What happened to "spend a penny"? 
What's worse is those toilets are absolutely disgusting too.
I once saw Michael Owen complaining about the 30p charge at the barriers in Euston station.
What if you only need 1 pee?
piss yourself in protest
Pull the turnstile towards you halfway, then slip through when it goes back.
The toilets in Covent Garden market are £1. Talk about spending a penny.
10/- to take a piss is taking the piss.
Just wait for the train? 
That must have happened at some point today, it was still 30p when I was there this morning.
As an Australian, this was a huge cultural shock for me. I still can't get over you Poms pay for the Dunny! There are lots of free toilets everywhere in Australia. 
Surely, given your intended destination, you can provide the rest of the p?
So glad we don't have pay toilets in the US. Thanks, [Citizens to End Pay Toilets in America](https://psmag.com/why-don-t-we-have-pay-toilets-in-america-26efede62d6b#.u6f7jyoey).
50p? Jesus.
DESIGNATED 
Hope you got your money's worth, have a slash, a dump, and throw up.

Actually in seriousness, a season ticket for the loo might be a good idea.  If the idea is to keep the junkies out, that'd work as maybe you could only buy a season ticket with a train ticket.
I remember years back when there used to be public toilets. 

Manchester Piccadilly's staff area - the stairs by the Virgin desk by the car park exit - used to be a barbers and a bank of bogs. In 1989, it was 5p for a poo and you could Wee for free. 

Easier to hop onto a waiting train, use the toilet there, then hop off. Alternatively, the toilets at stations that aren't maintained by Network Rail almost never charge.
Piss at the entrance to the toilet. 
I had 15p, so I [improvised](https://imgur.com/a/1rUDp)
Won't be long before we have to change the expression to "spend a pound".
A few weeks ago, I went to use the air compressor at Tesco. It was only for my bike so I only needed a minute or two of air. I pulled out a 20p coin and inserted it into the machine - no air. Inserted another 20p - still none. Checked the sign on the machine, 20p DOES give you 2 minutes of air still, then 5 minutes for 50p, but the minimum spend was a grand old 50p
just jump the barriers like everyone else
[deleted]
As a pregnant lady, I'm so glad the loos in Cannon Street station are free. My commute would be costing me a small fortune in toilet fees otherwise.
When was this? I used the toilets there a couple weeks ago and it was 30p
Don't get the big fuss in the comments about paying for toilets. I gladly pay 30p to use the toilets in my local station. They are kept immaculately clean, always stocked with paper, hand wash etc. and are always secure and don't have any problems with drug users etc.
Just use a toilet in the all bar one next to Euston? 
Get disabled, then one of our keys... I have a hammer somewhere if you need a hand?
Most of the posts in this sub aren't British problems. Good on you. 

Edit

As some kind of masturbation I viewed the sub to see what tripe was on top. Thankfully your post is rightly the top post. But right under it, apparently it's a British problem when bus drivers don't wave to each other. I suppose GB is the only place with buses. 

Then right underneath that, apparently it's a British problem that someone used a hand dryer to dry their hands. Indeed, in other countries it's not a problem when you have to wait on someone finishing with the hand dryer, but in GB that is a problem. Top notch. 
I have a radar key for exactly this purpose. It's paid for itself many times over at this point.
Well Brexit 
Balls Deep
It's part of the current democratic trend to vote for the world to burn. It started with Boaty McBoatface, continued through Brexit and Trump and culminates with Ed Balls winning strictly.
The annoying thing is that better dancers are going because of him. I like Judge Rinder though hes pretty skilled and he's a joy to watch. 
my fav is judge rinder 
If the pizza company delivers 2 hours late I would complain to the company about their service, not the pawn who drops it off at my door. 

Papa John's asked me why I didn't complain to the franchise or the driver. Firstly the driver I just want to drop it off so I can eat it even if it is cold, I need food. Secondly I ordered online and never spoke or had any dealings with the franchise. They are your responsibility not mine. 
Oh I didn't mean for you to go out of your way by ordering delivery. Thanks for getting it to me at all. Here's a few quid for your troubles.

Yeah, done that.
Their /r/britishproblems, your /r/britishsuccess.

I imagine they didn't think you were to blame for the delay, so it would be unfair to punish you for someone else's mistake. Unless it was your fault...
What caused the delay anyway?
If someone delivered a pizza 2 hours late to me I'd punch them in the face with a hedgehog 
Was it the extended album version with Ernie Isley's guitar solo? 

**3+3** was a magnificent album, but I hardly ever seem to hear *That Lady,* which has got such an incredible fuzz sound on the guitar. I think the last couple of times was while I was in Selfridges in Manchester, and possibly Liverpool's M&S. And Ronald Isley's voice is so perfectly controlled on smoochie ballad *Don't Let Me Be Lonely Tonight.* 70s disco at its finest.
Sometimes the thing that caused drop in limit has been cleared before you reach where it was. Sometimes reducing the speed of traffic actually makes for smoother flowing traffic and can even reduce journey time.

http://www.wsj.com/articles/traffic-engineers-say-slowing-down-will-get-you-through-a-jam-faster-1415386073

http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b070dkst

M62?
I haven't driven around Birmingham since they smarted the M62 unless I had to. I've even used the M6 and M5 instead and even in traffic it's quicker.

Smart motorways: slowing you down to 40 for no fucking reason at 6AM.
..and sometimes the reason you`re doing 40 and a sign says "Queue Caution!" is that the  speed limit has been changed to 40 and there's a sign that says "Queue Caution!"
It would be a smart motorway if they employed smart people in the camera control room that control the variable speeds, but they don't so it's not very smart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKy_gTrdXaU Harry Nilsson Gotta Get Up 
Not sure what you recognize it from, but it's called ["The Greatest Gift For Christmas is Me" by James Corden](http://www.popisms.com/Song/131573/The-Greatest-Gift-For-Christmas-is-Me-2016.aspx).
Little girls shouldn't be singing that song, I Googled the lyrics 
Whats a Honey G?
Have you seen Graham Norton - it's basically one long advert.
**T H I E F ! ! !**
You mean Gene Hunt posing as an actor in an advert.
I feel like I'm being told off by an angry boss and I kinda like it *reaches for phone to sign up for life insurance or whatever it is*
Chanks
I said "Thank you a lot" the other week. Painful memories. 
could possibly be interpreted as, "cheers, you!"?
I often have to acknowledge a hundred customers in quick succession at work - 'Great! Thanks! Cheers! Super! Super-duper! Lovely! Nice One! Excellent! Thank you!' etc. There're also preset bants to slap'em with when they're not quick enough.

 It can all go horribly wrong. That's fine, they just think I'm an idiot. 
I've gone down to just "mhm" "yup" "yeah" as dealing with customers now 

Saying thank you 17 times per transaction got grating 
I nearly did it to a cash machine once
I said thank you to someone asking for charity money couple days ago. Can we share the noose?
It was probably Chris and Darren - they fucking hate each other.
As a former bus driver, I can tell you that any driver that does not return a wave from another driver (from same or rival company) is formally regarded as a cunt. Unless he's texting, in which case he is forgiven.
In other words, the awkward moment when a Stagecoach and First bus drive past eachother.
I paid for a bus ticket with a tenner in the week, the driver didn't seem to mind which put me off a little bit. 
Theres one Go North East bus which runs from my town,  he has to stop in the Arriva owned/operated bus station.  Only recently have they allowed the GNE drivers to use the toilets in the depot. 
*buses
[Shocking](https://www.reddit.com/r/britishproblems/search?q=bus+driver+wave&sort=new&restrict_sr=on&t=all)
Hahhahahahahaha I like it
There might not be any farting in the White House, word is he might continue living in Fart Tower in New York.
Best headline so far: *Trump Sends Shockwaves Around the World*
I'm an American and I've adopted this term. It makes me happy.
from staffordshire  ( somewhere betwixt Stafford and Lichfield) , trump means fart there too. I say we coin the term POTUSed for farting.
Liverpool, here, looking forward to the next four years of giggling, but annoyance that he's so loud I can never make a *silent, but deadly* joke.
It certainly means fart over here in East Anglia, I don't think it's got the coverage it deserves during the campaign to be honest.
And also let's not forget the Gore/ Bush election year. It sounded like violence versus sex. With sex winning. We have had two lots of lady gardens in power by that reckoning. Trump to me sums up that odious little man. He is an arse biscuit and no mistake.
They gonna treat Trump like a fart in the room.  
As a former Londoner, I always think of him in terms of rhyming slang, e.g.
"I need to go for a Donald."
It does mean fart, however I believe the term will die out in the next 4-8 years. I'm beginning to dissociate the word from farting. 
It's on UK Netflix - they're probably saving terrestrial rights until just before next year's sequel release.
Don't worry, the BBC will have it on at Christmas! Ahahahahaaaa
It would be the perfect Christmas Day big film for one of the network channels. Well, ITV or BBC. Channel 5 shall, of course, be keeping the schedule clear to show Chas n Dave's celebrated *1981 Christmas Cockney Knees Up* once more. 

Cockwombles STILL whingeing about fireworks.

Is it so hard to know that people are enjoying themselves?
"Something is wrong with this item.

Expected weight: 250g

Actual weight: 250g"

Every lunchtime.
I once had to pay 70p, so put in 20p then a pound hoping to get a 50p back, got a load or 5 and 10ps, didn't even get my 20 back
Got a fiver in 10ps once, I'm going to give the benefit of the doubt that was because everyone else that day had paid in 10ps. I thought they were programmed to give you the highest denominations available anyway?
It's unfortunately kinda common. A vast majority of self serve tills only have six [coin hoppers](http://www.coinelectronic.com/Upload/PicFiles/2015.8.21_10.50.41_8921.jpg), and in those hoppers are:

* 1p
* 2p
* 5p
* 20p
* £1
* £2

That means if it's ran out of 20p coins (very common in my shop at least), only 5p coins are available. 10p and 50p go to an overflow bin.
I got 50p change as two 20ps and five 2ps the other day. Madness. 
I work on these and it's a till tray error, I've seen them give out £1.50 in 5ps, it's awful and it's all down to bad loading and coding.

I also dislike the scales errors it constantly gives out, annoying for the workers and the customers but they make it so precise to stop people thieving. I wish they'd just make it easier to just click the button and go through and not make it a visual prompt. 
I'm part of the problem because I tend to dump my shrapnel in them then pay the rest on a card. 
I once put a euro into a vending machine. It went "nope" and gave it back to me in twenty five-cents coins. Didn't even let me select the bottle of water I desperately needed and now I looked like a douche if I tried to buy a bottle in a shop with the coins.
I would search for any employee and ask him to give me a refund. 
I'm starting to suspect one of the Tories owns a Porno Mag business. 
I thought that had already happened?
How they want to actually do it.  They can't even ban pirateBay daaaah proxy servers?  
My town did that too last night! I think we just like fireworks though. 
Now that you mention it, I can hear fireworks, so must be the same thing going on here.
it's the pre black friday celebrations 
I think I'm going to be sick.
That's pretty normal. Fireworks are used as a celebration and are often booked by event organizers to boost attendance at their gathering.

 For most firework display companies it's the next "regular" gig after Guy Falkes and before New Year's Eve.

Other than that, its mainly weddings that keeps them in business during the lean times of the year. 


I'm in the Lake District for the weekend and they've just turned their Christmas lights on where we're staying. It was like a festival, there was fireworks, a parade, street sellers...I've never seen anything like it.
Yes? And?
mark
Worse when their mum is on her iphone yapping and swearing at her own mum. Makes me think about Durex and how sometimes not having one on leads to the above scenario.
Well as I'm traveling on upper deck I have no idea where I am with my headphones on and all bus windows cloudy it feels like some spaceship time to time.  They could fix it with proper AC heating but why not... 
seriously, use Ublock origin. if a channel is worth watching an ad, turn it off for a while so they can get their money, but if you are watching huge companies channels, just leave it on.
The cost will be the same no matter who lives in it or not. It's not like the French knocked down the Palace of Versailles after they became a Republic. 
I think I have a solution that will make everyone happy...
So make Ant and Dec do it and film them as a reality show.
bloody benefit scrounging family
Well that's a line in the sand. Perhaps the solution is half the repairs and 15 years of Ant & Dec secured. We can all have a vote in a decade and a half, see if we are satisfied with what happened with the money with both and then determine whether we want either or both to progress. 

I appreciate this idea could mean double costs, but it's not like the cost of fixing the palace isn't going to mysteriously and unexpectedly double anyway.

I have a proposal;
We tell the family to "jog on", they reclaim their lands held in trust, the treasury loses an estimate £501million incoming for year 2017/2018 (independent reports the royal family being given £76m for that year, the sovereign grant is 15% of crown estates profit).

As a result the UK "people" save £76m a year, loose £501m a year and still has to pay £396m to restore a building owned by the Government. 

All the while they continue with plans to spend £4,000m (£4b) on restoring the building where the government sits while screwing over the people....
I do not understand car insurance at all. I come to renew with another year of no claims and who ever I am with increases my policy by a quarter of what I paid the previous year. I call and ask why and they say due to claims in the surrounding area. I do a quick gocomapre and find 5 other policies that match what I paid the previous year and have to switch over. They offer nothing to keep me as a customer and you would think that would be important to any business, but they just do not care.
[removed]
Snooper's charter, eh?

It's standard practice to phone anyone who gets a quote and try to convert the sale.

Is the issue how they had your number?
So you put your phone number into the web site? Of course you did.
The clue's in the name of the company. And you have to accept the deal on the phone on that call, you can't say, "thanks for the offer, I'll look around and ring you back," the company doesn't work like that. I hate them, ended up using Churchill.
I had this once after using a speed checker for a broadband company, I think it was TalkTalk. Which made me refuse to use them.
Your Admiral quote went up? Mine went up too, but the actual net cost went down. Damn premium tax bumped the gross cost up.
I used to call Direct Line first to get an idea what the absolute upper limit on quotes was going to be. 

I changed every year ( until recently ) but never, ever got a good quote off DL in over 20 years. I don't even check them now.



Ed Balls.
Someone down the road was just having a proper show. As in, a fair amount of high-quality fireworks for a good few minutes. I assume they're doing it from the local park.
Early for New Year's.
That's ok. You can use the collective memory of the queue. Just look around with the "I don't think I am next but can be if you all agree" face when the chair is free. 
I think it reflects immensely on British skill that we have a queuing system that works when nobody is standing in a line, everybody is sat down and most people are playing on their phones, staring in to space or attempting to discipline there little scrotes. The barber shop queue really is a work of immense pride.
TVs still have channel buttons on them.
Has Miss Moffat sat on a tuffet yet?
They're apologising in advance about how expensive their pizza is
they send you a sorry card? What?
This seems to be very store dependent from my experience at Royal Mail.  The Domino's in Barnet will post literally hundreds of these each week. But a bit further south in another shop's catchment and I've barely seen any. It's like their way of keeping repeat custom that other franchise holders are less keen on.
You should, free pizza
I have on tape the manager of a Dominos calling me a "fucking faggot" (or something extremely similar, been a year since I last listened). Felt like going to the local press or something but I couldn't be bothered at the time, the experience was just so shitty I wanted to be done with he whole thing. 
They have Jeremy Kyle and Homes Under the Hammer to watch!
Because shopping during the week would be terribly convenient for everyone else. And that's not what they are about  
Their too busy catching all the public transport possible from 7-9am 
Not to mention the old bastards going for a blood test when the clinic opens at 08:30. Wait until after 09:00 so you don't make working people late for work
Was in a Tesco at 10am the other day, was like an episode of the bloody walking dead 
It's almost as if they feel that they absolutely, positively have to be outside the main entrance of supermarkets at 7am sharp! 
M&S is full of OAPs. 
I work i'm Morrions and that is in fact, very true. Mostly the workers xD.
Getting their lottery tickets checked. All of them from a month ago. And all I want is 20 fags, well it's 19 now. I'm usually in full rage mode waiting behind them. 
I thought thursday was OAP day.
Strawberry dreams are amazing mate. 
You having a laugh? The strawberry dreams are the best ones. 
Yeah, for many of us, that'd be a BritishSuccess story!
There's only 2 foods that I would literally fight my family for, Strawberry Dreams and Cheese & Pineapple  cocktail sticks. 
There's not enough Hazel whirls either. 
Give me golden barrels or give me death!
For that matter, the new Roses wrappers are a disgrace.
My house has just gone on the market and the good lady wife insists on having the toilet roll ends folded into neat little triangles... Apparently, we're selling not just a house but a lifestyle..
Barbarians.
Ex-family member.
I sometimes will swap the toilet paper direction around to the correct side when going to another place because who is going to go "did you turn my loo roll around?" because it just sounds crazy 
Footballer breaks leg.
"Get up you girl"
Rugby player gets winded.
"Must be bad if HE is staying down."
Seeing soccer on r/sports.
Bounty bars should be left at the bottom of the Celebrations tub and left there until next Christmas.
Haven't Bounties always come as two small bars? It is just one of those unwritten rules.
They used to do trio bars of bounty, but only the milk chocolate
Congratulations! thinking of getting married yet or is that not your sorta thing?
And I bet they've decided that putting the red and green men next to the button instead of high up on the opposite side of the road is a great idea too.
Same thing happened close to me, replace perfectly good lights with new ones. It's like they have money to waste.
"Fished it out of the bin/It was rubbish" OP, you're the real comedian in all this.
You bastard 
What do penguins wear to the beach?
I had a friend in secondary school. At lunch, I had a penguin and as per, I turned it over to read the joke. My friend then took the piss out of me thinking I was reading the ingredients. He had never noticed there were jokes on them.

He's not my friend anymore.
Joke as requested:

Q.Why was the Penguin popular?

A.Cos he was an ice guy
> fish out wrapper from bin


> it was rubbish
What do you call 500 penguins in Trafalgar square?

---

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^lost
I read that in a Schwarzenegger voice.  
 "He was an ICE guy!" Haha
I'm 54 years old and today I find out there is a joke on a Penguin wrapper!
My favourite ever penguin joke: why can't penguins fly? Because biscuits don't have wings.
What's the fuckin joke then? That's what I came here for! 
At least tell us the fucking joke
Just why?... *Shakes head*
We all know they're shit jokes but you still have to read them though, don't you?
May I be the first to shout in your face:

***"BIN RAID-ERR!"***
Of course it was rubbish. That's why it was in the bin.
Who's a penguins favourite aunt

Aunt artica
Of course it was rubbish. It'd be disappointing if it was any other way.

It would be the same as getting a good joke in a christmas cracker. The whole point is to bond over how shit the joke is.
Q. Why can't penguins fly?

A. Because they are chocolate biscuits. 



Not going to lie, I had a good chuckle at that one.
a joke to suit the quality of the biscuit, perhaps.
This seems more like a... you problem...
Santa? Surely you mean Father Christmas old chap.
What
The two families meeting on the street one, where they all dress the same and have identical gifts, just reeks of the soulless factory line consumerism style Christmas I loath. Women's pamper/party ones piss me off too because every Christmas I feel like I'm doing the whole woman thing wrong because I don't give a shit about perfume or sparkly dresses. Grumble grumble. 
Ed Balls
Ed Balls. 
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
I don't think anyone has ever watched Top Gun without thinking about balls a bit.
YAY!  It's that time of year to have your emotional heart strings pulled by newsreaders showing their fun side by taking an arduous all expenses paid walk up the side of a hill in AFRICA accompanied by a fully trained task force of professional mountaineers so a baby with nowhere to live under a government that cut her mother's in-work benefits can be shamed into taking urgent action on childhood poverty again.  Please go to Twitter, Facebook and other giant American tech firms who pay no UK tax to show your support, and use the hashtag #HypocriticalSanctimoniousMiddleClassGuilt
That bear still hasn't had his eye operation yet - what are they doing with all the money?
Every telethon is the same. Harry Styles or someone of that ilk visits impoverished children, a few musical acts, a special of Doctor Who or Eastenders, and One Day Like This by Elbow plays as background music.
This used to bother me as well, but thinking about it, I haven't watched real TV for years....literally.

It makes no difference in my life at all now.  
But you'll miss the news readers doing a dance. IT'LL BE HILARIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!
If the celebs trying to shame us into donating actually gave the money themselves then no children would be in need.

Is Gary Barlow doing it this year?
When you see someone with a bucket, stumble towards it making retching sounds.
Paedos in needos..
Does anybody under 40 watch TV nowadays anyway? Might as well just pass a collection plate around pensioner homes and save the production costs of the TV show
Last year I had my sky box record it so I could fast forward through all the appeals. Still annoying though
I wondered why everyone was dressed up like twats today. Glad im working. Hopefully the shits there havent tried to do some children in need bollocks
*"Haha that's funn- oh no thats sa- aha that's so goo- aaw devastatin- hohoho how great is th- I can't deal with this"*
Not watching BBC after 7? I've not watched it since 2012 and my life is glorious!
Well it won't be the same without Terry Wogan anyway
I'd pay £20 a year extra if the BBC agreed not to air this shit. Isn't comic relief and sports relief already too much.
This really sounds like something that should be delegated to Karl Pilkington to deal with. 
Children in Need and Comic Relief are great for pulling heartstrings until you realise the money is going into a trust fund for future use. Which is probably more beneficial but not as immediate as the appeals between the super funny non-sequiturs make out to be.
The Grand Tour is now on Amazon, so I'll probably retreat to the study to watch that.  I already give 12 quid a month (and sometimes 10% of my Ebay sales as well) to Barnardos, so I'll be buggered if I'm going to let them guilt me into giving any more money for kids.
How can charity bother you? If you don't like it, don't watch it. Other people like it and donate. That's it.  
Thanks for reminding me... I decided to work from home & put the TV on Gumtree...

My workplace is having  cake raffle in aid of it. Tempted to phone in sick.
Is it? I thank the gods i havnt heard a single thing 
Working from home, and I have Humans S2 to catch-up on: problem solved.
It annoys me more that the fact is that the presenters have no idea what it is like to be without money, or at least most of them. 
It's Children in Need? I thought it was the Terry Wogan Tribute Vol:8

seriously though, the amount of Wogan tributes they have had this year considering its been nearly a year since he died is a bit too much
[I got accosted by an old woman in the street, said her name was Liz. Said she was collecting too.](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CxjFgWIW8AYhOxw.jpg:large)
But we all are obliged to watch the shitty Dr who special they will have, even though the show was dragged through the earth into hell with the end of Smith into this new drivle
Showerthought: Maybe "Children in need" is just a big Jim'll fixit scam devised by the 'elite' establishment peadophile scumbags who simply "Need Children" and they're getting money and the excuse to be near children at the same time. 
Have they got news for us? No, just some needy kids tonight! Brilliant.
What about QI?
That'll give the HIGNFY guests more time to think up their ad-libbed jokes. 
I watched that Comic Relief last year, and I must say I found the so-called "sketches" about starving children in Africa to be in very poor taste 
At least The Last Leg is on. 
ahhh, infrequent fliers.
I'm presuming you flew with Ryan air and they played that annoying "you have arrived on time". I remember it going on for at least 7 years.

And no, I don't mean I noticed the clapping 7 years ago. I mean the clapping lasted 7 years and we weren't allowed of the plane until it stopped.
Marginally better than everyone crying, I suppose. 
Ryanair? That's the only company I've ever known to do this.
I still find this amazing and gives you an idea of what to expect from the place you are going. Flights to and from Eastern Europe I found are the loudest and most appreciative!

Where did you fly from?
Probably the same people who queue for their preallocated seats. Don't get my wrong, I love a good queue but it just seems pointless to me.
"Thanks for doing your job and not killing me"
I prefer eventful flights with extraordinary landings.
Only slightly less annoying than pepper who clap at the end of a film. Who are you clapping at, moron? The usher?
It's an American thing. First Black Friday, now this. It's getting ridiculous. Leicester has a Krispy Kreme and a Five Guys now. I don't want to be like America. Why would I pay £7 for a mediocre donut?
We used to do it all the time in the '80s.  Although we did it as soon as we took off from Moscow airport.  As we were just so glad to get the fuck out of there.  
I'm quite pleased to hear that this still happens; I don't believe I've experienced it on a flight since the 80s.
As if the pilot didn't have a vested interest in getting the plane down safely. 
There's margin to be progressive about it. A solemn, unspoken vow to never speak of the incident ever again will bring salvation to your relationship. If anything it shall be all the stronger, for from this day forward it climbs above the lowest depths it could have reached.
You have both hit a low point. My condolences.
I'm sure it was a good friendship whilst it lasted!
Rip
Worse things happened this year is what springs to my mind
There were only three girls sat next to me that clapped. These were also the same people that get gasping loudly at every minute reference.  
There's Harry Potter related references!? No way!!
It's an American thing. I saw Interview with the Vampire in the states and the audience were whoopin' and a hollerin' and clapping all the way through. They need slapped.
It's insidious. I'm just waiting for passengers to go WAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY when a plane crashes.
The only time it happened for me was at the end of Star Wars Episode III, I think because the audience were relieved that it wasn't as shite as Episodes I and II
The same thing happened at les  misarables. Who are you clapping for? The projectionist doesn't give a shit.
Man, fuck these people, that's embarrassing!
Fucking arseholes, the lot of them.
People applauded the speakers at my local Remembrance Sunday parade this year.
Just came back from it- it's a great film. But clapping is nonsense as well. I put it down to it being Harry Potter related- as much as I love it, the regression and lack of sense people show when talking about it irritates me no end.
I went to see the first Tim Burton Alice in Wonderland with my Mum.  It was the last film we watched together.  She almost clapped at the end of that because she enjoyed it so much.  
Had it with Star Wars episode 7 the day it came out and it seemed somewhat justified. Had it with the Snoopy movie three weeks after release, seemed somewhat less justified 
If you think this was crazy...you should have been in the cinema for the first viewing of the deathly hallows pt 2...people left clapping and crying
Is the film any good?
Wait that movie is out already?        
Like any good audience they are just showing their appreciation to the projectionist for not killing them. 
I would have loved to be there
Shuffling slowly out of the room isn't an option for me.  Try legging it to the Ladies before I wee myself.  Seriously, bring back the Intermission already.
Same 😂😂 was this at a cineworld in a place starting with L?
Ironically many a button on crossings do nothing because they're tied to the nearby traffic lights anyway. They're just there to give you some illusionary sense of control in your life 
It's a man dressed as a woman whose daughter marries a sexy woman dressed as a sexy man in thigh high boots and fishnets. There are a couple of D list celebs, dodgy double entendres. Sexy dancers ( something for the Dads.) and the local school of dance brats shimmying down to recent hits. It's a glorious festivity of tinsel tittery and frankly if you don't get it, we will boo and hiss you along with someone who used to be in " allo, allo," dressed as the baddy who would rather be doing Hamlet at the old Vic. How can they fail to be enchanted? Plus 3 minutes of chocolates distributed from stage  by a principle character and a tennis racquet.
I seem to remember efforts to import panto to the USA. I don't think panto works in an irony-free zone.
Festive drag act aimed at the under fives. What's so unusual about that?
A couple of years ago I bought tickets to take my foreign husband and mother-in-law to see their very first panto. Unfortunately I was ill and couldn't go, but sent them off to see it without me.

They came home utterly baffled. I like to imagine them sitting silent and stony faced the whole way through. It still cracks me up.
What? 
Oh no you aren't. 
Its crap. Thats a good place to start. When you understand that you can get on with your widow wanky 
You've ruined it's YouTube video now
Does anyone else have a strange compulsion to punch mannequins?  I never have, but I feel the urge whenever I see one. 
Was it someone doing the 'mannequin' - if so then you should have punched them, because "it's just hilarious, right? Everybody on the internet is doing it right? It's where you get a bunch of people to stand still, right. It's really, really awesome!"   

*shudder*
Was it the one who howled during sex in Porkys ?
yeah, topping up was painful the first time for me too. It's not so bad once the website remembers the details. 

I don't actually know why you dont like them, but im assuming its because of the same reason that i dont like them (topping up)


They have about £4 of mine that I can't get back despite no longer using them, because they charge a fiver admin fee for refunds.
Same thing happened to me, I paid for a wash, it took the money and decided not to work. Piece of shit utility.

Any computer geniuses that know how to hack QR codes, hit me up >:)
> line skipping

"Jumping the queue" or "pushing in". We are British, remember.
That was the perfect opportunity to break out the "oh dear, you're an imbecile" look (pity with a hint of sneer) and say something along the lines of "there's two queues mate" before turning your back on him as his ears turn red.

Helping idiots to understand that everyone in the room sees how stupid they are is a public service.
Today in the queue for the bus some youths tried to push in front of the queue and some bloke stood up for the elderly and gave the kids quite the telling off ive never felt prouder.
The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.  
Going on our nearest Post Office of a size to have a travel section, the Post Office are at fault. That desk in ours is also a standard operational one for all things postal, so do serve people in the postal services queue as and when they've not got travel customers. 

This can create the impression that one is supposed to queue for it in all circumstances, but in no way excuses or defends the rather uncouth manner in which that person spoke to you.

Wait you can mute the voices? 

In before someone say not the ones in your head. 
And I bet it still doesn't recognise your own, non-5p bag as legit.
Is the rest of the system still anywhere near as good as Waitrose?
On the plus side, the ones by me now take contactless! 
Lips heal very very quickly if you can just leave them to heal and not worry and tease at the chapped bit.

Unfortunately it's difficult to leave it alone.
A centimetre! Do you have leprosy?
I've had worse.
Blistex relief creme works good to heal it.
Next time put cellophane tape on it and pull in the opposite direction. 
If someone doesn't do the obligatory thank you wave, you know they're a tosser.
As I get older I aim for that moral victory and if others don't reciprocate they are by definition not as good as me. My day gets better and better after that.
Time for some passive aggressive driving... 
Still not as bad as the whatever "up and coming" comedian they have on that week section. The worst are either Americans or Australians talking about the differences in culture or women ranting about feminism yet still managing to play into the awful "female comedians" stereotype and doing nothing for equality. 

Worse still is Andy Zaltzman. Maybe I just don't know enough about 1970's cricketers and obscure political figures from the previous century to get it. 
People love to slag off Virgin but they're nothing compared to plusnet.

When my village finally upgraded to Fibre (FTTC) in April 2015 were also up for a new internet/phone contract. Looked around and EE offered us the best package for calls and internet (people still use the landline...).

Anyway, we give our months notice with PlusNet and then coordinate with EE for the setup date. First time Fibre installation requires your line be hooked up at the cabinet which only BT Open Reach can do, so it requires the ISP to coordinate with them.

We were given a date, about 3 days after the end of the PlusNet contract which was fine. I can live for 3 days without internet while the Fibre is hooked up.

Turns out instead of cancelling the contract, PlusNet put a stop on the address. A stop as if no one was living there, meaning unless said stop was removed, no ISP nor BT could touch the line.

Because of this stop we couldn't get hooked up. PlusNet did bugger all to try and rectify the situation because we were no longer a customer and they claimed we'd asked for it. It was only when I called them out on twitter and threatened with an ombudsman on the phone they took the stop off the line and EE were finally able to get BT to hook us up.

All in all it was something like 5 weeks without internet.


I think the phrase is 'More fool you'. Virgin or BT, at a push Sky. Cancel the direct debit with the bank first.
Don't blame the staff. I worked for an ISP. We were constantly under staffed. Constantly. This was also in the bit where yknow the first line teams can't help and pass it on to us. They too were understaffed and underpaid.
Perhaps I'm the only person in the UK who has had no issues with PN. Great fibre speeds and no outages in 2-3 years I've been with them.
It got worse since BT bought them, no?
Maybe they are growing new staff from scratch, but then that implies there being life there still.
You must be under 18 because when you get a bit older you'll realise that snow does nothing but make your already cold feet and hands colder and complicate things like doing the shopping or getting to work. Snow can fuck off.
I stopped liking snow when i got a job and stopped going to school. Now im a miserable old before my time bastard
You think that's bad Terry Wogan has a new album out... The guy was ever a musician and he's dead!
He's a new classic fm presenter.
Worse than that is when someone describes a woman as being "bubbly". We all know you mean overweight.
Or Jeremy Kyle. There was some daft twat on tonight moaning that her addiction to chocolate was ruining their 3-month old marriage FFS.
What I quite like is how every album he released from *Hours...* on was reviewed and described as "his best and most important work since *Scary Monsters*". Never mind the contradictions, sales alone of *Let's Dance* say otherwise. 

*Lazarus* was an astonishingly generous acknowledgement and farewell to the fans. The whole *Blackstar* album is indeed good, but objectively no, probably not in his top ten. That says more about the quality of his career than anything lacking in the album.

Heathen , how dare you refuse to kneel at the altar of celebrity.

"Blessed are the famous dead even the ones you never gave two tosses about for over 25 years"

Woah get out. 
This just caused a bit of embarassment for me. Im currently sitting in the toilet at work and thought id try it. It asked me to draw a calendar so i proceed to do so. All of a sudden, my phone starts shouting "I SEE A SUITCASE OR CHAIR".  The person in the cubicle next to me snorts and now I have to wait for him to leave before I can get out. Thanks google quickdraw
It asked me to draw The Mona Lisa in 20 seconds!

Could even Leonardo himself have done this?
Also, they don't use a [very clear typeface](http://i.imgur.com/DmLeqwu.png) when telling you what to draw.
It thought my picture of a monkey was a police car. God damn American police cars driving around looking like monkeys. No wonder that country's going to shit!
I've just spent the last half an hour playing. I got power outlet a good few times. 

It is done. 

https://imgur.com/gallery/OPwNM
It didn't recognise my drawing of "Pants" because I started drawing Y-Fronts...........
Quickdraw with google didn't recognize my drawing of an aircraft carrier because I drew one of the giant American ones and everyone else drew a canoe with an airplane on it. :(
The beauty of it though, is that the more people who draw a 3-pin plug or socket, the more likely it is to recognise it in the long run. 

Or just do what I'm doing and draw cocks for everything... Then eventually anyone who draws a cock for a joke will get the correct answer. 

> Draw an elephant. 

Draws a cock. 
> It's an elephant



> Draw a car

Draws a cock

> It's a car
For the next picture, instead of drawing anything, you should have just written out a paragraph explaining the superiority of British three-pin plugs
How the buggery bollocks did it fail to identify my line?!

https://i.imgur.com/wPrWRoH.png
'Bandage' got me. I (badly, admittedly) drew a rolled up bandage. They meant a plaster. 
"Power outlet".

You mean plug socket?
It didn't recognize anything that I drew, but when it showed me pictures of what other people had drawn they were all really terrible. Seriously, even if you haven't seen a dolphin in person, you ought to at least know that "featureless blob" is not an apt description.

How do I get it?
[I got mailbox](https://imgur.com/gallery/szPWr) 
[I think I overthought this one a bit... impressed it still got it though.](http://i.imgur.com/KfeBS8f.png)

It asked me to draw a hurricane, I ran out of ideas and drew a sad Michael Fish.
Weird, it recognised my glorious rendition of a truly great feat of British engineering.
Same with the mailbox. I don't know what's more worrying; the fact that I've spent about 5 hours playing this game today, or the fact that all my fire hydrants look like cocks.
Holy thank you for this it's amazing.
Same with the mailbox. I don't know what's more worrying; the fact that I've spent about 5 hours playing this game today, or the fact that all my fire hydrants look like cocks.
Interesting that it differentiated between "coffee cup" and "mug" even though I was trying to draw the same thing. Wonder if it's biased towards looking for the thing you're supposed to be drawing.
http://i.imgur.com/qugzkEs.png
Slight differences in my drawings I know.
I just tried it and it got power outlet too, and it recognised my 3-pinned socket, so it's getting there.
it didn't recognize my map of europe when I included the UK either
It recognised mine! I went back and reviewed it after, and none of the sockets people had drawn that it matched were UK. There was an Aussie one in there though!
When I drew a purse it needed a handbag for some reason. Also some of my perfectly reasonable drawings fail because the examples the program has to work on are rubbish.
I got "animal migration"...

And it actually recognised my half-hearted drawing of a flock of birds. I was quite impressed!
Google failed to recognise 'Pants' because I drew Y-fronts.
[my experience with this game](http://imgur.com/a/sO7tG)
Took ten goes to get it to recognise flippers on the fucking sea turtle. I blame it on yank imbeciles drawing tortoises!
It doesn't guess any of mine. Ever. 

ETA: Nevermind, had to turn off an extension. 
I was amazed it recognized my rubbish scribbles as anything let alone got 6 out of 6.
Keeps asking me to draw the fucking Sistine Chapel
I found this [hard](http://imgur.com/yMAbhNF) having never come across one outside of pictures in history books. 
You should try being a receptionist i have this conversation every five minutes. 
Snow? What snow?
Someone should have said "So you do go to the hospital?" as they got off.
The correct response would have been for one of the old bus ladies to knock him to the ground with a vicious right hook and then stand over him saying "yeah you do..."
"Excuse me, you know what they are asking so why not answer sensibly? I don't know what's worse, you being deliberately awkward or you doing to someone who needs to got to a hospital. Answer the question normally and let's get on with it."
First time I went to London I was bemused by the fact that the norm is 'Stand to the right'. I'm all for a system and efficiency, but since when do we overtake to the left? It's no wonder people can't sort their shit out when there is no consistency.
As a cyclist (also car driver and pedestrian/walker occasionally), I take the same route for a circular ride a few times a week.  Part of it is a SHARED (defined by the Council) path/trail, for walkers, cyclists and horse-riders).  It is only wide enough for two people and is flanked by trees, ditches, undergrowth, fields etc etc. If on my bike and I see people in the distance (in the opposite direction), I maintain the left, as that seems most reasonable......(?) Almost EVERY time, there will be some kind of stand-off - even with, say, older gentlemen; one last weekend told me that I should swerve to avoid him/them.  Now, I personally would always "give way" to the slowest and I have certainly slowed down to almost walking pace to pass (be it the same direction or opposite) but I just cannot figure out WHY there has to be some confusion or, in fact, bloody-mindedness.

(Possibly not helped by my being a cycling rarity on that trail, actually slowing down, making presence known and sometimes (not comfortably) using my bell.... If I walk the same trail, I stay to the left if encountering others and do so for cyclists, who do not always follow the same "rules" that I do   *sigh*)
Some entitled old cunt berated me for not giving way to him on the stairs at Westminster tube.

A.) I was on the fucking stairs about 20 seconds before him. And he was looking directly at me as he reached the foot of the stairs before ascending.

B.) It's the fucking tube. 9/10 you walk on the left.

Obviously I explained to him the error of his ways. Unfortunately I didn't get to see the look on his smarmy farage-face when the automated announcement boomed out "Please keep to the left when..." about 10 seconds later.

No wonder stabbings are on the rise.
But on the rivers and canals we drive on the right, and boaters walking on the towpath tend to pass on the right too. Others do not, so it's anarchy.
Require the wearing of swords. Sword contact requires a duel to the death. The problem will solve itself.
It's the foreigners coming on to our streets and walking on the wrong side.

iJoke
Regarding escalators: a popular "folk explanation" (although I'm not sure that there's much evidence to back it up) is that some early Underground escalators had a diagonal, rather than straight, end, so that your right foot could more-easily step off alongside your left foot which was still travelling (most people are "right-footed" and from a standing start prefer to walk with their right foot first). Given that this meant that the left-hand side of the escalator went marginally further, it seemed logical that faster commuters should therefore travel on the left.

Whether or not there's any truth to that, it does hint at a verifiable reason that standing on the right, walking on the left might make more sense on escalators: folks who are less-confident at standing on a moving platform (for example, those with balance difficulties, weaker legs, etc.) - people who are unlikely to overtake on an escalator - would probably prefer that their stronger hand is the one they use for the handrail: for most people, that's their right hand.

I don't know if either of those arguments are compelling by themselves, though.

I certainly agree with you, though, that *in general* (i.e. except where there's a rule to the contrary, like on escalators apparently) we should assume that we "walk on the left". It'd make crowded corridors and pavements easier if everybody just agreed to and respected that as a convention, wouldn't it?
I've been telling people this for years! It's basic primary school stuff you learn very early on, ALWAYS STICK TO THE FUCKING LEFT! I'm sick of having to move out of the way of an idiot walking up the stairs on the right.
I was considering this problem the other after being stuck on some stairs and it seems to me that, aside from conventions (ie driving), most people lead with their dominant hand.

Ergo, right handed people move to the right to use their hand to increase their momentum.

Just a thought really but it seems to work.
supermarket isles


Oh FFS don't get me started... annoys the crap out of me.  Non compliance  should be a hanging offence.  While I'm here, why do they strategically place the tube maps where the collection of tourists causes maximum disruption of the access to the sodding trains?!
Note that when walking on a road with no pavement, you walk on the right (Highway Code rule 2) so you are facing oncoming traffic.
Rules don't apply to pedestrians.
The ExCel Centre in London has stairs that uses the keep left for smooth movement of large groups of people. They're from the carparks to the main concourse. 
Same problem here in the US, just reverse left and right.
Pretty common to see notices telling people on escalators to stand on the right. I mean, you'd certainly hope that Brexit would sort that shit out but it doesn't even seem to have come up yet! 
Easy answer.... 

I'll walk whereever the fuck I want.
You can obviously walk where you want, but during my trip to london it became quite apparent that you need to stand on the right, so that people on the left can overtake
ScotRail, more like, ScotFail!
I work night shifts in Tesco and it's usually pretty hilarious to shout "bless you" to someone who sneezed a few aisles down and then get a "thanks" back xD
Unless they are ordained into the church, their blessing probably lacks the necessary moral weight anyway.
I'd avoid it.  I've just done a quick google search and it turns out that if you say "Thank you" after somebody says "Bless you", it actually kills the fairies.  However, if you clap twice, it brings them back to life.
  
I'm so glad that the Internet is a place I can trust everything I read.
I'd definitely say thank you, otherwise the person who says bless you is left in an awkward limbo of no acknowledgement. The thank you rounds off the exchange and prevents unnecessary awkwardness.
My boss says "Bless me" immediately after sneezing as if to assure everyone heard him the twat 
Just strip off to your underwear.  Cant get more "dress down" than that.....well apart from going stark bollock naked
I used to temp at a big firm in Canary Wharf, where every Friday was Dress Down Friday. I had a sneaking admiration for the silver-haired Scottish gent who used to rock up in a yellow tank top, white shirt and cravat.
Tweet angrily at customer service.
Don't worry you're over half an hour late! You have a season pass (which probably costs thousands over the year) you'll be able to get **half the cost of a single fare** back if you spend 1/2 hour filling out thier forms.

So generous. Such stand up guys. 
I read that as "I've been fucking on this train for 3 hours" and I was kind of impressed.  The reality is much worse.
I was on a shinkansen(bullet train) from Hakata to Shin-Osaka which was 400 minutes late once. It was horrible. I'm sorry.
Have you been shafted by Greater Anglia too?
I had a three hour commute on the Central Line. I wasn't even angry.
Going anywhere nice?
You can spend five minutes of your time submitting your DelayPay claim while still on the journey.
Also the conservative and/or neoliberal wing of politics
Also, I think you are a dangerous lunatic so I am going to pretend to agree with you.
Sarcastic "I don't believe you"
And privilege. 
Also right angle
[deleted]
It also can mean correct sarcastically and therefore also means incorrect.
Right...
this is a great post, didnt realise its such a versatile word
In Sheffield it means 'very' and is pronounced reyt, as in:
Thas reyt mardy. Translation: You find it very easy to get upset.
Was this a display of good old passive aggressive Britishness or did people genuinely not clock there was no driver in the seat?
Yesterday, on the number 50 in Manchester (yes I moan about this bus a lot), the drivers were due to change. However the new driver had not turned up yet but the driver for next bus had. 

She got on our bus to tell us the driver hadn't turned up, I was close to shouting "you fucking drive it then you bitch!" but I didn't because I'm not a dick. 

The next bus turned up and we all had to pile on that instead, after waiting for the drivers to change, and it was full!

Sorry to rant but I'm still angry. 
Sorry, I don't believe this.
Typical bus wankers
No they didn't
I said cheers this morning as I left the bus and then turned to see an empty seat. Felt like a right twat for about 5 seconds and then I realised everyone was doing it. I bet he watches from afar, having a little snigger everytime someone does it...
r/britishsuccess
Enter PIN, ****

View Balance, no, 

CASH only, yes,

Receipt, no,

Mobile Topup, no,

Transfer funds, no,

How Much?, £30,

Sorry no £10 notes,

How Much? £20,

Take your card BEEEEEP,

Here's your four fivers, now fuck off BEEEEEP
The Cashline ones which ask *"Do you want to see your balance, it's free"* even after you've pressed "Cash only" rather than "Cash and Balance" piss me off.

If I'd wanted to see the balance too I would have pressed "Cash and Balance" wouldn't I?
I live in Wales. One of the cash machines in town asks me if I want English or Welsh 2 or 3 times per transaction, it's fucking infuriating.
I hate how loud some of them beep. *why are you loudly announcing to the entire neighbourhood that I'm withdrawing cash late at night and alone*
The free ones not attached to a bank are the worst. They make money from printing receipts and checking your balance (I think?) so ask you about both on every other screen. I just wish there was a "give me a tenner, don't ask questions" button straight off the bat. 
I have a local machine that occasionally asks polling questions while things are loading. It's usually benign things like "are you happy with this service: yes or no?" Last June, I went to get some money...

*Should the UK be a member of the European Union? Yes - No?*

... is... this my vote?
I feel like the cash machine acts like a concerned parent or partner. 

Do you want to check your balance? 

You sure?

You should really check it you know.

Are you really sure you don't want to check your balance bud? Not that its any of my business, well it is, but I'm concerned about how many digits are after the minus (I still have an interest free student overdraft).

Heres you money, but are you sure you don't want to check it? 

Do you want to do something else? Maybe we can catch a film together? I can get tickets for anything you know.

Ok, I know you said no, but do you want an advice slip?

Are you sure mate?

Me and the other cash machines have been having a chat and are quite concerned about you. We would all be put at ease if you just checked it. Just for our piece of mind? 

FOR FUCKS SAKE, ARE YOU SURE YOU DON'T WANT TO CHECK YOUR BALANCE?

JUST DO IT!

I give up. If you need me, you know where I am.


They seem really keen for me to check my balance. If I check my balance I probably won't be using any other service.
I've often wondered about this - there absolutely must be a financial incentive for these companies to try to get you to display your account balance.  

    Select Option:  (1) Withdraw Cash & View Account Balance / (2) Withdraw Cash
    [Selects #2]
    Would you like to view your account balance?  Y/N

I work in UX/UI design and this isn't sloppy design, it's clearly designed to try and funnel as many users as possible into making that balance request.

My best guess is they sell the data relating to account balances.  Obviously suitably anonymised.
The one I hate the mostest, ripping off gullible tourists, but still many choose to use it (because they might not understand what it means). I see that a lot in Poland, the Czech Republic, Hungary and Switzerland and occasionally in Germany.

      PLEASE CHOOSE THE CURRENCY
    TO BE CHARGED TO YOUR ACCOUNT
    
    WITHDRAWAL AMOUNT 150.00 PLN
    
                          EXCHANGE RATE
                         0.20830GBP/PLN
    
                       INCLUDING MARKUP
                                  7.50%
    
    ACCOUNT CHARGE       ACCOUNT CHARGE
    150.00 PLN                31.25 GBP
    << ACCEPT                 ACCEPT >>

By choosing the PLN (local) instead of the GBP option, you're saving £2... no need to have the currency converted by the ATM provider especially if using a 0% foreign transaction fee card.
There was a time (not too long ago), when if you didn't manage to get enough cash on a Friday, you just went without money all weekend until the banks opened again on Monday. 
"Would you like a financial advice slip?"  Has anyone ever pressed yes?
'Cash + Balance' and 'Cash + Receipt' were options at the beginning, and I deliberately chose 'Cash Only' instead. Why are you now asking if I want to see my balance or get a receipt? How indecisive do you think I am?
Give me a "Your usual sir?" option when I put my card in and I'll be so happy. 99 times out of 100 I just want £40 without receipt or balance. 
I had one today, and the machine took all my info, then how much money I wanted.

Then went "brrrr, brrr, Sorry we can't dispense money at the moment"

YOU'RE A CASH MACHINE!
I JUST WANT TO TAKE OUT CASH!! AAAAHHHHH!!! (Internally cries). 
My local cash machine puts up a screen that says "we will now give you an opportunity to select which currency we carry out this transaction in" except more wordy and they insist on showing it for what feels like minutes with no way to skip it.

And to make it worse, the exchange rate is so ridiculous that no one in their right mind would pick it. I've had 50 EUR be two quid more expensive than my card gave me in the end.
I expect the whole situation got on your wick.
Dirty wickers

It wouldn't be so bad, but their slogan is 'more music variety', only to play the same playlist constantly. 
"More music variety" = "This Take That song we're playing is different to the one we played an hour ago!"
Bonus points for when they play a song with the word 'heart' in it 
Isn't that just every radio station?
I used to listen to Heart and found that, while they said "no repeat" or something to that effect, it was only per DJ, per day...

After listening to "Billie Jean" for the 4th time in one day, after 3 days of the same thing, I switched to some no-ad Rock station and never went back.
Ugh I hate Heart Fm. I now hate "Can't stop the feeling" and dancing on my own as they play them non stop. And all the blooming 90s dance hits they repeatedly play get on my nerves. 
They play the same Jason Derulo song everyday, 5 times a day, and it's not even his newest song. They must have an agreement with his record label, I swear.  
JUST A SMALL TOWN BOY!
Capital FM is just as bad
Natalie Imbruglia - Torn.

Heart is the only place this song is ever bloody on, it must be 20 years old and wasn't even that popular when it came out, they play it several times a day.
every morning i hear the new little mix song. LEAVE ME ALONE 
Wave 105 is the fucking worst. They played every song on my shit list one after the other last week. My shit list is:

Let's Marvin Gaye- Meghan Trainor and that annoying little shit who can't sing.

Dancing On My Own- That guy who sounds like he's gagging on a cock.

Locked Away- Maroon 5 and the annoying rapper.

Perfect Strangers? "Come on, come on, come on!"

See You Again- the annoying Marvin Gaye singer.

Edit: Forgot that fucking boring peice of shit Idlewild- Travis. I can remember when Travis were good.
~~More music variety! This is Heart!~~

The same old girly shit, all day, every day! This is Shart!
I listened to Heart on my way to and from work everyday until a couple of weeks ago when I suddenly realised I was pretty much listening to the same songs in the same order every day. 
Where I live you have 2 choices, Heart or Kiss.

Kiss is like listening to a load of teenagers shouting at each other all day.

Heart is just adverts, constant fucking adverts.

Five Live is my go to, if you drive all day then it's like having someone in the car with you.
Heart London and Heart Surrey are unbearable. I visit my deaf great-aunty in her nursing home every weekend and the carers leave her radio on Heart at full-blast "so she can hear it". She can't.

I turn the volume right down the moment I arrive, but after two hours of Heart simply *whispering* the same bloody songs to me, I just want to rip my ears off and eat them. 
Atleast you get music, all I seem to find are radio stations nattering about utter crap.
Only time I listen is on a Sunday night. All 80s with Jason Donovan. 
Lucky, here we just get really cold rain or hail. No inbetween
Errr, yeah? Is that not pretty normal for Scotland?
I've had snow in mid April.

Because fuck it, why not?
How many points did they get?
I don't know what I dislike more.
Look at Mr fancy here owning a train
Tried using OK Google but I'm a scouser so it hasn't got a fucking clue what I'm saying, understood "fucks sake" though. 
Are you that old lady, by any chance?
Doesn't Google say "you're welcome" if you say thanks?
I say "yes, thank you" to Cortana when she asks me to confirm a reminder. She doesn't understand though and repeats herself so I have to respond without gratitude the second time.
That's how you're supposed to do it with those little round squash'd bottles. it's not natural, I tell you, it's just not.
I do it. Its the way it should be done
No I also do it this way, it just wouldn't make sense to do it the other way around
How do you know how much squash you're putting into the glass though?!
Shot him!!! SHOT HIM NOW!!!!
/r/britishsuccess
/u/simo289 is the guy who jumped
Chocolate Digesitve?  It should have been a hobnob!
r/ratemytea 
At the end of the day...
And I turned round and said...
I'm not being funny, but...
Well I'm sorry but they're free to do whatever they want. 
But everyone knows it's mandatory to start rants that way!
Proving the rule that anything that starts "I'm ...., but" is always followed by demonstrating that you're not what ever you just said you were.
They sound Canadian to me.
>~~dreams~~ crippling nightmares
I postulated a standard for this last year.

https://www.reddit.com/r/britishproblems/comments/3k27rm/there_should_be_a_british_standard_for_crisp/
I still haven't recovered from the bastards changing cheese and onion from green to blue!
Currently I'm waiting for the next time I get a call about being in a car accident that wasn't my fault. I think it'll be the fourth one since the first time I asked the same company to remove my details. I don't own a car, I don't have a full driving licence and I have never been in a car accident, let alone one that was not my fault!

My parents have also taken to not answering the phone unless they know the number. When I visit them I'm always up for wasting the cold caller's time but they (based on no evidence) are convinced that the number of calls will increase, or they'll get charged.
Imagine being a man who doesn't like the taste / texture of Lettuce.

There is about 2 sandwiches I can enjoy from supermarkets.
Sainsburys does no mayo ham, no mayo bacon and no mayo chicken. Literally just bread, sauce and meat. 

I've taken to buying a pack of cheese at the start of the week and using it up on the sandwiches by the end.
The shop next door to my office sells "Plain Ham and Cheese" sandwiches.

Contains: Ham, Cheese, Mayo.
This, all day long. It's driving me mad. I just want chicken butter and bread!
The rise of Mayonnaise Fascism is a world problem. I have been persecuted my whole life by it. First of all it was the Hellmans Youth, then it was the fanatical "Creamy White Shirts"!
Can confirm it's a problem.  Source: am allergic to mayo.
It's great, isn't it? Mayo is wonderful.
I hate mayo with a passion and I get your struggle,  especially when it says like chicken and something and when you read the ingredient it's always mayo as well
I can confirm you were just unlucky - M&S do sell No Mayo sandwiches, I know this because I've eaten one. They even have a little 'No Mayo' logo on the front.
I'm afraid I love mayo on everything - even bacon and chips. I'm so ashamed!
Isn't there one called 'Just cheese' and another called 'Just ham'?

Not very exciting but still
Fuck mayonnaise. And fuck everyone responsible for it being in nearly all shop bought sandwiches.

At least one of the M&S wraps doesn't contain mayo. Can't remember which, been a few months since I ate it. 
Has no one ITT bought a sandwich from a shop before. 
I'll trade you all the otherwise decent sandwiches at Tesco that are ruined by having absolutely no food lube in them. 
Maybe showing my age but when did calling it 'mayo' rather than 'mayonnaise' become the norm?
My problem it seems, is that if I'm ever buying a sandwich from somewhere like Costa, it's impossible to find one without cheese, if I don't feel like fish. I'm not allergic to cheese, but I can't stand it in sandwiches
This sort of thing was why I always have a bottle of Salad Cream in my desk drawer to smother the digusting mayo with something I like
They used to do a great chicken, no mayo one. Did you know they used yoghurt as a substitute to the mayo? 
I quite like mayonnaise, as long as there's not a lot of it. 
  
I recall in my addled youth our small gathering would patronise a local 'KFC' restaurant of a Friday evening. The behatted individuals occupied therein would douse our oft-requested 'zinger burgers' in such generous quantities of mayonnaise that once one had slipped and slid one's way to the ultimate consumption of the evening's repast, one might well be mistaken for an extra in a pornographic film. It was a matter of some humour amongst our company! 
My gf works in M&S and [well.....](http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2015/05/13/16/289D4C4200000578-0-image-m-7_1431532449787.jpg)
Sandwiches without mayo are so dry 
Mayo is great
Ah fuck, I can't believe they've done this 
I haven't heard anyone refer to 'crimble' yet.
Sounds like something an alien species might say to blend in with *FELLOW HUMANS*
A hefty percentage of vicarring is placating angry people over trivial things. 

Source: not a vicar, but know quite a few, the ones I know are awesome people who genuinely are trying to make a difference in their communities and look after people, and they get a lot of shit thrown at them (not literally, so far.)
It never occurred to me to do that....I'm off to get a book of stamps and some swanky stationery.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/2nlskr/a_joke_about_churches_having_bat_problems/
You just walked into Sainsbury's 
Oh Johnnie T, from Wednesbury
Oh Johnnie T, from Wednesbury
He's got a stall on the market
Oh Johnnie T, from Wednesbury
is wednesbury pronounced like wednesday?
I'm from Wednesbury, don't you worry!

It's not in Wednesbury
"West Midland Safari Park"

You mean Walsall?
The PM wouldn't sleep with you, but Theresa may. 
Probably the same woman, and now it's payback time for all that being fucked up the arse.
You mean when you're hitting your vinegar strokes, you don't need a mental image like [this](http://www.onlinenewsdiary.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/theresa-may.jpg) of her judging you?
Does she also look like a cartoon villain?
NSFW [For science](http://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=1696385093).
She was Teresa May, without an "h".
Teresa? I 'ardly know 'er!
Oh dairy me!
Why not?

It is cheaper than buying a bottle of Coke and better for you.
When I was younger, you used to see chavs just drinking milk on the street, which I thought was weird.

Now I'm older, you never see it. And I think it should be a thing
Clearly making sure he doesn't end up only being good enough to play for Accrington Stanley. 
Maybe he had just consumed 16 pints of black tea and wanted the brew to be done properly.
&?
fucking savage.
I'll happily have those Twirls if you don't want 'em mate.
Sounds like my dream tub. I love fudge bars! 
It's all bloody eclairs and dairy milk, boring shit!
And what in God's name is a popsicle? 
I found a lump on a testicle once and was doing the classic man thing of panic-googling instead of calling the doctor. Anyway I once started a video at work out loud that went "MY TESTICLES ARE-"

Awkward.
Was probably one of those facebook videos that edit it in near the end
If I was that person, I'd be glad nobody reacted. 
Was it the driver? 
That's not really a problem though is it? As far as Britishness goes, stone-faced silence and a complete lack of acknowledgement from everyone involved feels like our society working as intended...
*Internal tutting intensifies*
r/BritishSuccess/
>Nobody reacted.

Sounds almost *too* British.
/r/britishproblemsuccess
Holy shit, this happened to me at reading station a few days ago, guy opposite me in the waiting room (it was just him and I in the room) started playing something on his phone that sounded like a woman moaning. He didn't even look up at me.

Awkward.
Did the pornography have American accents? Real problems being addressed. 
Lucky break there pal. 
I've done that. It doesn't feel good. 
This really is a British Problem and its a reflection of modern living. 

Everyone has there head in their smart phone being social with people there rarely meet while ignoring life around them. We've now reached a point where people don't interact and if you did, you would be classed as weird.

British people use to talk, now we stare at smart phones or the free papers pretending that the people around us doesn't exist.
Sorry Muppet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpxT0ZaPwTE
I'd buy a cracker that played Rick Astley when opened. 
Thanks for the cracker of an idea.
eh I'd prefer memes
Memes for every occasion!
I thought it was awesome. I never could've imagined Cory Taylor on QI, but he fit in very well!
How do you know it was him... doesn't he usually wear a mask?
His line "SHUT THE FUCK UP" was actually executed perfectly
He's been on the QI based podcast "no such thing as a fish" multiple times. Very funny and intelligent guy. 
I push my fingers into my?
That's no way to talk about Sandy Toksvig.
He's been a fan of the show for years, and has wanted to be on for just as long.

He's said on Twitter he wants to return at some point.
Did you specify HP sauce (or alternatively Daddies' sauce if you are a sweet-toothed heathen)? Or did you just specify brown sauce, a description with which "BBQ" sauce would comply? If so you only have yourself to blame and is typical of the kind of weak-minded laziness which lost us the commonwealth across the Atlantic and ultimately led to the collapse of that pinnicle of civilisation, the British Empire.

Sorry
What, huh, who, er, WHY?!?!? Who the frood confuses brown sauce with BBQ?!?!?
I'm so sorry for your loss
What was on your breakfast butty? If it was just sausage it might be salvageable but if there was bacon and/or egg I'm afraid you've lost the battle. 
[deleted]
Same thing. 
Or the worst theme parks in the country.
> When The Sun

does anything. Including existing. The newspaper I mean. Not the star at the centre of the solar system.
The tabloids love to use "boffins" when scientists do something they agree with and "eggheads" when scientists tell them something they don't want to hear. Anti-intellectualism at its finest.
Wouldn't even wipe my arse with the sun.
The word "boffin" is somehow both hilarious and totally enraging for me. 
It's better than "Spastic Egghead" I suppose.
I like boffin. The Register has used it for years in the proper sense, to describe people so far ahead in their understanding that they aren't mere experts. Not sure if the Scum gets that though.
I find the word "boffin" humorous, affectionate, and extremely British.  
TIL someone actually read the sun, I thought it was for lining the cat litter tray.
The real problem is in OP actually reading The Sun
Don't buy The Sun.
Jesus, "boffin" is back in the vocabulary? Not heard that one in about 15 years. 
It's a very deliberate usage of the word. Experts (we've had enough of them) and scientists intimidate the knuckle-draggers.
I'm just imagining Trump doing a tasteful impression of him.
To be fair he does do a surprisingly large amount of boffin. Isn't he on like his third wife now?
I like the Sun...
But the serial number has an [random number or letter here] in it!
I once went into the co-op at the same time as the biddie bus was dropping off 20 old ladies to do their shopping. Longest pint of milk ever
Could be worse, could be the petrol station.
Or getting stuck behind the person buying 20 scratch cards and being unable to decide which ones to have.
Why were you wearing a Guy Fawkes mask?
A shop near me has a mannequin with an anonymous mask standing outside the shop every day

Edit - such an interesting fact to share!!!!
as someone doing nat 5 media and studying 'v for vendetta'.....might just casually add this to my cultural effects research
I don't think everyone who owns one is odd or whatever. Do hate the people who pretend they're part of anonymous and have their profile picture set to it for example 
And now he's following you?
I don't mind Jimmy Wales asking for money.

Wikipedia don't carry a boat load of advertising and it's for that reason I won't give The Guardian any money.
Do you pay for their content? Do you know how much good journalism costs?

I have a subscription for the FT and it is absolutely worth it to get accurate and useful news. That cannot be funded by goodwill. If you like their articles, become a member.
Would help if they didn't go full Tumblrite Remoaner.
As they use a shell company to avoid paying tax, so I use google to avoid paying for any of their articles.
The worst part is they don't shut up even if you do pay. Still get adverts too. 

The Indy insists on saying "thanks for supporting us" every time you go to the site.
"News" "Articles"
Nothing to worry about. Its just a superstition after all. 


I mean, sure - you'll probably wake up tonight to the sound of hundred of magpies pecking at your windows and cawing hungrily at you in a horrific devil's chorus but thats to be expected. Perfectly standard behaviour.....They recognise faces dontchaknow...clever birds. 

Anyway - just wanted to put your mind at rest. You'll be fine if you dont leave the house, i'm nearly sure of it. 
Be reyt, best salute a magpie past noon than not.
I dont think you are.
We've been our house for five years. We get mail and calls for the tenant before last. And the prior tenant. It just shows what they consider important enough to update
We used to get two christmas cards every year for the previous owners - we always forwarded them, and one of them continued for about 15 years - it was a bit sad, because the writing was 'old folk' writing which became more shaky as the years went by, and then stopped
I've lived in places for 10 years and got post for other people...

It's funny at work, my boss gets post to his house, in my name and with "managing Director" on it.

I've been invited to so many Porsche test drives apparently.
I moved into this flat 6 years ago. 

I'm still getting mail for the previous tenant. 
If the is a return address cross out your address & write "RTS Addressee not present".

It it lacks that then I get into the issue of not knowing what to do, you are not allowed to open post not addressed to you but do not want the sender to feel ignored..... (normally don't have forwarding addresses)

Admittedly when 2 police officers someone from the council and a bailiff turned up I had to produce ID that to prove I was not the person they are looking for. (had RTS'd the letters)
I've lived in this house for 3 years now.

The previous tenants were Mormons, but he cares so much about being a Mormon that he hasn't bothered to tell them he moved.

But the worst part is, they can't be bothered to update their information either, so they knock on every few fucking months asking for him!
We have been here for 10yrs and still get post for them. I just chuck it out now
I moved in two years ago and still get stuff for various tenants. I've started binning it.
> what if he misses something important?

That's his problem, not yours. If he hasn't been bothered to get his post forwarded by the Post Office and is expecting you to do it for him without even asking whether you would mind doing it, then he deserves to miss something important.

You're not responsible for him. Just write "GONE AWAY" on any future letters, cross out the address and put them back in the pillar box. Post for him will then eventually dry up.
For as long as I can remember, both of my parents have always made a kind of "Oooooohffffhhhh" noise, followed by a whispered "that's better" every time they sit down.  I always used to get annoyed by this, but have recently caught myself doing it.
Just as long as you're not on a rollercoaster, you'll be all right.
Lol.
Let me put you out of your misery: you don't wank too much. Just too often and for too long.
Well for now at the ripe age of 24 this is not yet a problem I have to worry about, if anything it would be nice to not have a raging boner everytime I sit down and relax.
Two questions 

* is it a biscuit
* do I have a cup of tea

If the answer to both questions is yes, then into the tea it goes.
Yes. 
Well...why not?
Surely that debate lasted all of 3 seconds as everyone around the table unanimously agreed.
Apart from Monty Burns
When answering I just say "speak" in an intimidating, commanding, this had better be good tone. 
you say "we"
Have you been watching big bang theory?
Spaniards answer by saying "digame" which literally translates as "tell me" or "speak to me".
How long does it count as 'new', until it isn't new anymore?
How dusty is your wallet?

Do moths eat plastic?
I fucking hate those plastic monstrosities. They don't fold well and are always trying to jump out of my wallet.
At the top of our road, there's a large roundabout at a four-way junction. If you enter from one particular road, you barely have to twitch the wheel to take the next exit. I'd describe that as going "straight across", but we've had cabbies get quite irate that, because it's at a bit of an angle, you have to announce it to them as "turn right". 

Roundabouts are weird.

Or our cabbies are weird. Either's possible.
As a person newly working and living in Milton Keynes, I feel your pain.
And whilst it is doing that puts an icon on the screen for the exit being to the right even though its straight on. This is what happens when Colonials write navigation software.
That's when you start a rave.
Similarly when 3 vehicles all approach a mini roundabout at the same time and nobody has the audacity to go first.
Engine off, 'I WILL be the most nice person here, damn you'.
The next thing that sometimes happens is that you both flash again at the same time. A very awkward situation to get out of.
Or the other is when you get a car arriving at every entry to a mini roundabout at the same time.

Edit: Crap, wasn't the first person to think of that. Must remember to read comments first.
Please try to get out of the habit of 'flashing people' to let them past. It's unnecessary, it causes confusion, it can be dangerous to other road users due to it changing the predictability of the situation, and at night it's rather blinding.    If you absolutely have to let someone through, just stop.  They'll get the message.
I always go first in that situation. Someone needs to make the move and it might as well be me.

What is annoying me more at the moment is the number of people who won't pull out until someone flashes their lights and gestures to them. You could leave these people a gap a mile long and they just won't move off on their own.
[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6173 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/53275)
Dinosaur burgers?
Cavemen also didn't need financial services
You sure this isn't the Halifax?
If you're delayed by more than 30 minutes then you should be able to claim compensation. I got a 50% refund because they cancelled my train a few weeks ago, for anything over an hour you're meant to get 100% back. 
You can't "reschedule" a train

A fucking timetable change takes months of work, you have to submit it to the DfT
I understand how you feel mate, it happened to me and I briefly thought I was in Syria. 
There's usually a small lull then the fuckers start getting festive a month early. I might get into the spirit of the nightly sound assault & dig a hole in the back garden. Sit in it eating bully-beef out of the tin,smoking a Woodbine & writing a letter...

" Dear Bessie,

Gerry ain't 'alf getting busy with his fifteen pound guns this evenin. Sounds like Guy Fawkes night 'ere in Wipers it does...,"
I don't know if I feel sad or happy. People around here didn't even bother with bonfire night. The local chavs seemed to have quit using fireworks. 
Its the spanish... Always blame the spanish 
On Sunday just gone. Someone thought it would be a great idea to set off a fireworks display. At quarter to 8 in the morning. Just as I was told a friend of the family had just passed away. 
"I'm just serving someone else then I'll-"

"Whenever you've got a minute love."
It's always some cunt who's just got to the bar and gets defensive when you point out you're already serving someone.
Sometimes I try to order when the bartender is already in the middle of serving someone but I haven't realised, most embarrassing thing ever.
I always hate when the milling around and not serving people. I feel like a twat if I said something and it's not my local...
The only thing that annoyed me when I worked in a pub was when someone ordered drinks for a large group and the last drink on the list was a Guiness... otherwise I just ignored their remarks.
I am visibly disappointed when I wash my hands and then find a dryer that doesn't want to flay my skin from my bones.
That joy when you notice the public toilets you are using have them Dyson hand driers installed. 
My usual course of action is to sigh audibly and frown at my hands, to show those waiting what we're dealing with here. That, and to just walk away and wipe my damp hands against my clothes anyway.
The title of your post makes it sound like you're typing this with one hand and trying to dry the other. Maybe multi tasking isn't your strong suit? 
I only found out a few years ago;

Your meant to rub your hands quite fast while drying them under the hand dryer. The rest is up to the heat & angle of air. 

Do not feel bad if it takes longer than 20seconds, its the facilities skimping on getting a decent product :)
Aw this happened to me today.

I was drying my hands when, out of the corner of my eye, I see q guy washing his hands turn towards the dryer see me then turn back and pretend to go wash his hands again.

Needless to say, I still had wet hands when I left.
This video changed my life - https://www.ted.com/talks/joe_smith_how_to_use_a_paper_towel

Tl:dw : shake your hands vigorously about 12 times and most of the water flies off...this dramatically cuts down on drying time with a paper towel or hand drier. 
We have the T Shaped Dyson ones in work. It's like sticking your hands under a jet engine.
I just use bog roll even if they have hand dryers 
Maybe because that industrial-strength squirty soap tends to remove the natural oils in your skin, and thus lets your hands get wetter than they normally would with a block of carbolic.
I have stopped using anything that doesnt have a jet engine built into it. Those slow hand dryer are mainly hand warmer and I dont need such thing. It's quicker to nick some loo roll to dry my hand instead. 
I work at a place that has had some kind of eco award. The hand dryers must only be about 30 watts. The most unplaeasant thing, though, is the stench of the waterless urinals in July and August.
Don't you know how hand driers work?

They blow just enough air at your hands to make them cold, and then you put your hands in your pockets on the way out to dry them.
My local cinema has the worst hand driers. The force of air is weak, like a squirrel trying to inflate a balloon. But it appears to be configured as more of an oven, so the little air it does spout out is at about 80% the surface temperature of the sun. This means that you can only hold your hand under it for a few seconds at a time. But, because they air is so weak you really need to hold your hands under there for longer than a normal machine. And there's nothing quite like trying to eat overpriced popcorn with slightly moist hands. 
I like to get a wad of tissue and try my hands with it while under the dryer. Works great. 
Good old back of jeans pat down
Corkflakes? No wonder they're cheap.
That's because they're for mums and dads to pour. If you let kids pour out their own cereal, they'll overfill the bowl and pour half of them on the table. That box has got to last the family a whole week, you know!
people actually buy that crap?
TIL Pudsey ears/clothing are a thing.
They had about 40 pairs of ears on the counter at Gregg's earlier
I'm supposed to wear some for work tomorrow. I didn't really want to and left it too late. There were only a couple of women's t shirts left. Apparently 25 year old men don't normally wear things like this. Who knew? I'm gonna wear my normal uniform and feel like a twat while everyone else is wearing pudsey stuff even though I didn't want to do it anyway.
People watch TV still? How do children know what a pudsley is? 
I actually do this a lot because there are more new £5 notes than old in more drawer right now. I want to get rid of the old ones because they don't line up nicely and they're all wrinkly. I like to keep my till tidy.

Mwah ha ha! Take that, customers! 
Keep it and frame it. In a few decades it could be worth...well, £5, probably.
Old fivers still exist? 
I'm actually really impressed with how fast the new ones are getting in circulation. I haven't gotten an old one in weeks
I work in a shop and the old people always ask me for an old fiver and I smugly say in my head 'they'll all be changing soon' 
I hate the new ones
I got my first old fiver in weeks this morning and I'm seriously considering retiring it because it's probably my last one.
Happy 13th birthday
Nah your hands are fine. They're making them smaller I tell you.
I'd never even considered that. It's fucking depressing. What with that & those bastard plastic tubes that Sherbert Dip Dabs now come in the world's buggered. They may as well elect an orange haired special needs baboon as President of th..oh. 
It's winter, you're fine.
Get the giant Hulas
Sir, introduce yourself to Giant Hula Hoops tomorrow and fret no more!
Wait till someone offers you Pringles while holding onto the can, and you have to explain that your hand doesn't fit in.
When I were young, Hula Hoops were so big that we used them as... hula hoops.
You've clearly been eating too many hula hoops.
This is nature's way of telling you you're too old to be eating Hula Hoops.
Heh, I've been away too long. I forgot about the little potato-based snacks so I had a totally different mental image to start with.
So.. somebody cared enough to give you a voucher? Don't be a tight arse and enjoy rhe film.
What the heck's wrong with going to the Odeon to see a film? It's just another chain, like Vue or Cineworld...
Ungrateful are we? considering the price of the cinema these days I'd say that a pretty nice thing to receive.
Whats the problem?
All cinemas are shit. And expensive. Then again if it was free I'd thank them and go, because I'm not a bell
Every coat these days comes with a high tech temperature balance system.  If you feel too hot what you do is unzip your coat a little.  
It's still freezing cold where I am!
Especially when you look a right twat in your coat
The sound is so loud, everyone in a 5 mile radius can hear your indulgence
Are you some kind of super strong mutated human? I bash it off the table about 10 times before any split. That is more me being scared of denting the table though. 
"Wacking"? Do you mean whacking? 
The last one I busted the core fell apart onto other segments :(
His album "touch me" is actually pretty decent even if, retrospectively, it seems he warned us...
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Touch_Me_(Gary_Glitter_album)
Do you want to be in my gang?
The glitter band are still touring
His version of another rock and roll christmas is my favourite christmas song ever and oh my God I thought I was going to have to take that information to the grave
The 90s was littered with "top Seventies" shows that regularly crowned Gary Glitter the greatest music star, icon, etc. He was genuinely talented and an incredible entertainer, with some amazing music to his name.
Mate you should check out this guy - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lofgud4wLLo
I saw him live once. Hmm. Love that dual drum sound, though.
It`s worse with the watch...
I forgot my wallet today and had to pay for my lunch with my phone. 

I spent an unreasonable amount of time walking to the shops worrying about it not working and me holding up the queue. 
This just now, I soldiered on and tried it again... result.

Also it was a self serve checkout, no disapproving look to be had
Coffee shop at work always ask me to pay, but they never put the card reader in the mode where it's ready to accept a card, contactless or Apple/Android Pay - means I'm left there standing like a lemon... Then it eventually fails on occasion anyway, so I look like a bigger dick.
This happened to me on the bus last week. Nobody was happy about it. 
I don't get this fasination with paying with your phone when it's simple and never fails with contactless.
My girlfriend has an old debit card without contactless and at times I forget and try to use the contactless feature about 10 times before I realise it isn't contactless, i've had some weird looks.
September is the 9th month just FYI...
Fuck, yeah I'm with you. Damn those weird American imperialists and their cultural propaganda trying to make the rest of the world get used to weird dates like 12/25/16. We're not the problem Uncle Sam, you are!
They could solve this by making every release date be the same as the month number.
Don't worry, I've had plenty of people move away from me on the train when a seat opens up.

I still do the cursory sniff test and think about when I last showered just in case ;-p
This is unfortunately true. Black Books I'd say also, due to a lack of conversation I've seen/heard over the years about it.
[World Stare Out finals](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DkI85Kt10e4)
The first skit from episode one of Big Train gave me my best defence against spam phone calls...  
Caller - 'Hello kind sir, I would like to interest you in...'.   
Me - 'Oh, terribly sorry, old chap, but I'm afraid if don't speak a word of English. Not the foggiest. Sorry to waste your time, but hey-ho, there you are.'.   
Caller '..... Ok sir, sorry to bother you, goodbye.'
Kevin Eldon was and is brilliant but the last time I saw him was as part of Bill Bailey's Kraftwerk skit live, woefully underused

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwaxWoJPUC0
True...

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMLhHjAHdAg
[deleted]
My favourite sketch: [Monk Humour](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SbuWAHA4MjA).

Bonus: [Scientist Humour](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TOAPUcxpBOk)
Very true
You fat handed twat.
http://news.sky.com/story/freak-tornado-wreaks-havoc-in-aberystwyth-10660606
My parents move to Llandudno. They were surprised it rains so much. 

"But it's a holiday town!"

"Yes mum, ten miles from Snowden, the rainiest place in Europe"

A touchscreen that hundreds of other ill people have touched is one of the last things I want to touch. And if I'm visiting the doctor, there's a good chance that I'm ill myself, and therefore will have a slightly weaker immune system.

It's always struck me as a bit odd that they insist on making you use a touchscreen to check in.
The ones are my doctors are broke 90% of the time anyway!
I'd love an automated check in machine at my doctors. The women that work behind the desk work at a pace that even a snail would consider slow.
On my very infrequent GP visits I've found the automated check in system we have doesn't seem to find me
How dare you interrupt the busy receptionists talking about each others problems!
To be fair to the receptionist, they were probably annoyed at being overworked, underpaid and unfairly hated by the public.

My mum works as one, tries to be as cordial as possible at all times but has once had to sit on the front desk booking appointments, answering phones and 3 other things all at once while the only other receptionist working that day was in the back office printing off prescriptions.
As a cyclist nothing pisses me off more than seeing people without lights.they are not expensive (10-15 quid will get you seen) top that off with a high vis vest for a few quid and you are lit up enough for anyone to see you.our work has banned people from cycling on site without lights if its dark.its just fucking stupid man would you drive without lights!!!
Give it a week and the light from the candles reflecting off the cellophane round the flowers taped to every other lamp post should illuminate the road well enough to see them before you hit them
I personally find those flashing leds a little bit harder to judge distance than a constant lit one. 
2 lights front an rear is my minimum setup after dark, you never know when one might fail or fall off. Still doesn't stop bellends in white range rovers skimming past with a few inches to spare.
I was guilty of this. I used to travel home after a night shift at about 3am on dark country lanes. Looking back I'm shocked that I'm still here.
I'm sorry for my pavement riding, red light skipping, no light having brethren.

I care a lot (far, far too much in fact) about my bike's light setup. I'm always worrying if I can be seen and will worry no end if I don't have 2 good rear lights, static rather than flashing, and then of course where I should apply reflective tape...

Anyway, it blows my mind that anyone could ride on the road with no lights. I always let them know that they'll be killed soon enough.
As a motorcyclist I feel strangely protective of cyclists, I'll happily block a twat from overtaking them in a stupid place. But ffs make yourselves visible, my 125's headlight is very underpowered and I won't be able to see you until I'm uncomfortably close.
"Mind the cyclist, Richard". 
I think some people just have a deathwish.  I mean sure, it's really impressive that you can cycle along in the dark with no lights, a lit cigarette, talking on your phone and balancing what I assume is a bag of golf clubs across the handlebars but for pity's sake go and do it in a circus rather than wobbling down the cyclepath towards me
The fact that black 'high vis' cyclist gear is popular boggles my mind. I'm not talking about stuff with thick 50mm reflective stripes like you see on high vis vests. I'm talking about bowels of the earth black with reflective zips, maybe just maybe some reflective piping hidden somewhere.
I wonder if it's a load of people thinking "oh shit Christmas is coming and I need to save money. I'll cycle to work using that dusty 17 year old bike I haven't touched since 1999 and you can fuck off if you think I'm spending £6 in sports direct on something reflective"
Also the ones on unlit roads with the flashing "now you see me, now you don't, I need excellent night vision because these are useless for showing the road ahead" lights.

For gods sake. If flashing headlights were an aid to seeing where you were going it'd be mandatory for cars to have them.

Is it illegal to ride a bicycle on an unlit road at night without lights?

Under [**Rules for cyclists (59 to 82)**](https://www.gov.uk/guidance/the-highway-code/rules-for-cyclists-59-to-82) of the highway code, it says "These rules are *in addition to those in the following sections*, which apply to all vehicles (except the motorway section)."

Then, **Rule 113** of [**Lighting requirements (rules 113 to 116)**](https://www.gov.uk/guidance/the-highway-code/general-rules-techniques-and-advice-for-all-drivers-and-riders-103-to-158) states that you **MUST**: "use headlights at night, except on a road which has lit street lighting. These roads are generally restricted to a speed limit of 30 mph (48 km/h) unless otherwise specified" and "use headlights when visibility is seriously reduced".

As I understand it, anything in the highway code that says **MUST** or **MUST NOT** is a legal requirement, so it's illegal to ride a bicycle on an unlit road at night without lights.
Why does everyone have a jet black coat?? A woman wearing a black coat, with a black hood up, black trousers, and black shoes scared the shit out of me when she didn't look when crossing. 

Pedestrians should be forced to wear hi-vis. 
[deleted]
This thread made me go out and buy lights and a helmet today. Thanks for the impetus.
The amount of times I've turned around a blind bend to get out of my estate- to find a bunch of kids in the middle of the road in dark clothes just infuriates me.. nearly hit them on bonfire night whilst they were all in the road trying to throw fireworks at cars.. maybe I should do everyone a favour and mow them down next time :D hehe
Yep. I cycle back from my university campus along a shared cycle lane/pavement so lights would seem less important. Nearly crashed in to the back of someone going in the same direction yesterday as visibility was so bad. Despite having lights on myself, I could barely see a bike a metre in front of me.
This sounds like a writing prompt for a miserable, dystopian future.  
Yep driving home last night, one kid on path one on road both without lights, only saw the  road one at last minute as well ! 
But I spent £600 on this black Rapha kit!
It also coincides with every car headlight being set to a completely random brightness level.
I'm glad car drivers finally start to pay attention to their surroundings and what happens outside of their metal box
As a pedestrian, it does seem that cyclists dont exist in our 3D world, but some alternative dimension that re-appear when you're crossing the road on a green man.


Or they come behind cars waiting on a red, and go right through as you're crossing
I am one of those.  I ordered a set of light from Amazon which was delivered at the neighbours who seems to have disappeared on holiday or something.  Fortunately almost all of my route is on dedicated cycle paths away from cars.
I was one of these people but this year I have invested a fair bit into new high vis gear. New helmet, brighter lights, high vis rain jacket and gloves. I feel a bit stupid wearing them but I'm getting used to it and at least I can feel safer wearing it.
i used to ride around Buckingham Palace after dark,  for some reasons there are barely any lights around there (I guess Lizzie wants to discourage people hanging out in that area), and I also got run over once (lucky escape, that was).

So I kitted out my bike with reflective tape, including on the spokes (apparently the most accidents involving bikes have them hit from the sides), got myself one of those reflective rucksack covers, extra ligths on the helmet and small extra USB chargeable lights hanging from handlebar, and spare lights at home. Because lights are flimsy and batteries run out easily, so there are going to be times when I'll be riding without main lights.
You don't live near Cambridge where cyclists ride without lights at 2am all year round.
I saw a lad all in black, no lights, no helmet riding on the leaf covered pavement fall off in front of me. I cheered inside!
It doesn't matter how many lights or how much hi-viz you wear. Someone out there will still feel it necessary to knock you down for no reason.
That's bad enough. It it's the ones with overly bright flashing front lights that really piss me off when they are almost blinding me in my rear view mirror. They should be banned as they are likely to trigger migraine and possibly epilepsy due to the quick flashing. 
Me and the wife have a thing where we wind down our car window and shout, "where are you?" at cyclists who don't have lights. We hope our question confuses them enough to get lights. We think we're hilarious!
No lights no high visibility jacket and no helmet. Asking to be ran over some might say. I've seen cars almost hit other drivers because they've swerved last minute to avoid a cyclist they hadn't seen. I see cyclists wearing mostly dark clothes at night without any lights on a busy A road. 
I hate that advert. Slightly hypocritical of Sainsbury's to make an advert about how work gets in the way of family at Christmas and yet I'm pretty sure their stores will be open on Christmas Eve and Boxing day. 
He was already shipped off to The States, he should not be allowed here. 
And the song just goes on and on!
He's the worst man alive.
I don't really like that advert, I get the idea but the dad isn't even making memories with his family cos he's getting clone to do it 
Surely that must be some sort of Tesco false flag advert.
Well i hope he gets seasonal depression after the holidays and takes his own life..
For some reason I didn't realise it was Corden, I thought it was the one from Scouting for girls
Ugh my mother who works at Sainsbury's had that bloody thing on repeat the other day 😑
Oh dear. Oh dear oh dear. 
Or if they take -£1,000 or something. Do they have to pay it back?
So, first 3 people he caught. 4th person gets £0 on cash builder, picks £0 for the chase, but then gets through... I need to know now!
If they all get knocked out, they choose one of their number to do a solo final chase for a set amount, I can't remember how much, which they then share if won. To my knowledge, no failed soloist has won. 
Should have bagsied it quicker
I tried to help you reap the karma train!
I did that once by accident, I was in a train waiting room and someones phone alarm had gone off (it was about 8am) and I was like "damn just turn that off" turns out it was my alarm coming through my headphones D: 
>never make eye contact with any of the other passengers

Like anyone ever intentionally makes eye contact with a stranger on public transport.
Not quite as bad, but stood in a shop & over a couple of hours, I could faintly hear music.

Others could hear it, yet no one was upstairs with stereo on. Kept asking folk, even odd customer or two if they could hear it.

Couldn't find anything in the shop that played music.

I eventually realised my mp3 player had turned itself on for some reason & was chirping away quietly in my own damned pocket lol.

That's quite amusing.
it`s good to have life goals
I once had to force a bus driver to take a twenty pound note:

On the way to work way back in the day when buses were my only option, went to the cash point, it informed me that it only had twenties. No shops were open at that time so I had no choice but to use the twenty.

Bus turned up 15 minutes late, I offered the twenty with an apology, the driver refused as he had no change, although I had seen enough change appear from the passengers ahead of me at the bus stop, so I went un British.

Told the bus driver 'that's fine, you'll have enough by the time we get to town, I'll pay then' and proceeded to sit down.

He then left his air lock and started shouting at me that he wasn't leaving the stop until I paid, I offered the twenty again....

Eventually all the other passengers told him to either take the twenty or let me pay at the end. 

Turns out he did have change. Best bus journey of my life.
Story time: 

I normally cycle but needed to bus it as my bike was being repaired by the ever incompetent fuck-wits at Halfords.

The only cash I had on me was a £20 note. I was nervous about this as I am sure you are all well aware; bus drivers and paper money go together like toothpaste and Tropicana. 

My Arriva bus arrived in a very reasonable 23 minutes later than scheduled. I boarded and ask the driver for a single to the local train station, "Four fifty" grunted the driver. 

"I'm really sorry mate this is the smallest I've got", presenting my £20 note.

"Sorry mate, can't take um"

I asked "why?"

The gentleman driver proceeded to tell me that Arriva would not supply him with the pen required to make sure the note was genuine and any counterfeit notes found would be deducted from the drivers salary.

There was a queue behind me and needless to say I was an hour late for work.

Given my limited interaction with the company, I must agree they are all cunts!


What do you do when your bus doesn't show up?

Cry Arriva... 
For me, Arriva tend to be the more reliable and friendly. West Midlands Travel are the worst and seem to go out of their way to fuck things up.
Was in Selby today & someone else with us had heard the drivers saying they plan on doing more lightning (short notice) strikes too.
Moved to an area serviced by Arriva busses two and a half months ago. I use their busses about 7 or 8 times a week and I cannot recall a single time when the bus was on time. I'd estimate 90% of the time the bus is at least 5 minutes late, 50% of the time it's at least 10 minutes late, and 10% of the time it never appears/is so late it's been overtaken by the next bus. 
And a twat 
HERE HERE
Arriva we're the main motivation for learning to drive

A service that is meant to be every 10 mins would usually end in waiting 45 mins every morning when walking would take just as long. 
As an experiment for a week I walked to bus route and would jump on the bus when it arrived at whatever point on the walk I was at that point in time (stops were fairly close together on route so near impossible to miss the bus if you look back down the road at each stop). The idea being the shorter journey would be cheaper if I got in further on the route. Well for that week ended up walking the entire route daily without seeing the bus so saved a lot of money that week. 

With the paying with notes thing. A day ticket in my area is £4.50 and often the only way I can pay would be with a fiver. Almost every time the driver would complain that I couldn't pay with the fiver

Now I'm driving not only so I make it to places on time almost all the time. It's also saving me money with fuel and insurance costing me less than bus travel
Speaking as someone who was given a free ride since I didn't have enough change to give the exact fare, I would have to respectfully disagree. And for those of you who want to know, the fare was a four-week bus pass that I did actually buy on the return trip.

While I would have to say that the timing of the buses is absolutely shit at times, most of the Arriva bus drivers I've dealt with so far have been pretty reasonable. Maybe it's just a regional thing?
I actually had an Arriva driver acknowledge my existence today, I was amazed to have made such a breakthrough.
Difficult situation! It's worth butting in though, to save having to phone them again.
I only have ex-friends without contactless
I refused contactless when my bank tried to give me one. My wallet's already brimming with smartcards, I don't need another one to confuse card readers. Plus I'm a paranoid bastard (comes with the trade), any form of always-on wireless communications gives me the willies.
I still use cash , cards are for shandy drinkers
What's the big deal and excitement with contactless? I just use chip and pin, isn't there some really low max amount you can spend contactless? I just don't get why people seem to think the system is in some way amazing or superior to others. What am I missing?
If the gate had been in the fridge, no fucker's getting through it
Just for future reference, Watergate was a hotel, not a dam.
Water gate-gate
Try being from Glasgow... 

"oh Glassgow, are you for Rangers or Celtic?"

Really mate? You want to go down this road? 
Try supporting a foreign team as a Brit and then having to explain for the millionth time that no, I don't follow English/British footie at all. 

Dinamo Zagreb is my team FYI. 
Worst is when you say West Bromwich Albion and they reply "No? I don't know it, Manchester?" And then you go yeah Man Utd then. Let's talk about them 
Being from Leicester and explaining no I don't like rugby or football.
Its the same answer as when they ask you where you live
And there's always at least a 6 foot clearance between you and the person using it so as not to look like a slimy fraudster and/or armed thug
Knowing you're next but hesitating till someone actually says you're next
[For anyone who doesn't get the reference](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUXTN6ENsKQ)
All these years later, and I still do this too. That's proper marketing for you!
Thank you very very very very very much!
You're at least, what, 30-35 years of age? I still remember that advert well and my partner, who is 7 years younger than I am, doesn't have a clue when I reference it.
I have no idea what this is about. Can someone help?
Replaces "for your Aintree Iron" in the original, a line I never understood at all. 
I saw a fox made out of chicken wire mounted on some copper piping with candles on it yesterday. It was fucking awful, but the voiceover chap called it stunning. 

Shitheap of a show. 
I thought it was going to be some big and popular. 
And then i heard that the main act was going to be ELO.
I swear the BBC are bank rolling him these days. 
thanks for making me realise that I am not the only person who thinks Chris Evans is always banging on about lavish lifestyles as if they are the norm. The CIN auctions seem to be the pinnacle of this. How many people listening to the auctions can realistically bid on them? They make me depressed as I will never earn enough money to chuck it away on an event in the guise of charity. I like and support CIN but these just seem so decadent and rubbing their money in the face of the poor listeners.
It is not like you paid for a ticket that provides an income to his firm so he can be employed or anything.....
The cheeky fucker - he was doing his job, you don't owe him anything!
Flashing travel passes and obscuring the expiration date, flashing yesterday's day ticket, passing one valid day ticket backwards through a crowd of your mates, crowding on four or five at a time and hoping the driver doesn't clock the one or two who don't pay, paying with a bunch of small change that doesn't come close to the ticket price...

I travel a lot at school kicking out time, the shit I've seen kids get away with...
We get these a lot and I have never yet seen anyone not have the correct ticket...
The smirk you get when you see someone getting busted by the train person though and all the shit excuses about how they lost it down the bog 
Why is he so unpopular in reddit? And why is it a problem to enjoy a comedian who is unpopular in reddit?
*screams really loudly*

*does a funny walk*

*shakes his hair about*

*sold out stadium bursts into laughter*
His skits around the trials of being a parent are hilarious.
Now, how are we expected to judge the proper level of opprobrium to heap upon you without knowing what the joke was? 
But still nowhere as irritating as Russell Howard.
"Oh no, I laughed at a British comedians joke, it's the end of the world."
The only option is suicide.
Was it the one about hanky panky?
Michael McIntyre finally saying something funny? r/britishsuccess - even our terrible comedians can be funny once!
His "no juice" skit never fails to make me laugh.
tmi bro
People think you're petty and nitpicking when you complain about a person, but they fail to realize that individually some traits aren't too bad or at least bearable, but combine them all together makes you want to tear your bollock hairs out! I've known a few people like that, so I can sympathise with you OP! You are not alone!
I think you should team up with Johnny Marr, see if he can't add some guitar to that...
I feel your pain, brother.....I have 3 of these people to live with!! Luckily the other 2 are great to save my sanity. Ahhhh the joys of living in London...
I got stuck for two years with someone like that. Initially it was fine but gradually he wore me down with his vast array of absolutely infuriating habits.

The house contract was for one year but I came into some unexpected bills and couldn't afford to move out into a new place, so I ended up being stuck with him for a second year. I ended up utterly fucking despising the guy to the point where I would spend most of my life hiding from him and wearing headphones to blank out his existence. It honestly felt like I was a prisoner in my own home. Yeah you can talk to someone about their annoying habits but when it's at the point that the person's mere existence annoys you... well that conversation is long gone.
You okay man? I think this topic would suit /r/howtonotgiveafuck better. 
I once made an entire blog out of my irritation with my housemates lack of cleaning (rather than tell them):
https://ttcfo.wordpress.com/2011/12/20/ttcfo-8-messy-housemates/
I know your pain... It just means you'll forever appreciate it when you eventually move out and have your own space. I used to live with one girl who was the messiest dosser I've ever known. As well as never tidying anything up, she had various other annoying habits like hogging the (only) bathroom for ages when there were 5 of us living there, and stomping around at 1am when those of us who had to get up for work at 6am were trying to sleep. I love my current flat that I have all to myself. 
List eveything here he does, it't good to vent.
Keep reminding yourself of their good points -- even if it takes an effort to think of any. Reminding yourself of their bad points is not making your life any easier.
> #makecadburysbritishagain

FTFY
Cadbury chocolate has been pretty awful since Kraft bought them out. Something to do with changing the shape to be curved instead of a sort of trapezium shape which makes some of the ingredients sink to the bottom of the bar. Messes with the equilibrium.
British confectionery was at its peak around the early 90s, back when fruit gums were fruit gums, and could remove a tooth. Then companies started getting bought-out, and American Corn-Syrup and other such aberrations ruined the tastes of different things.
Waitrose's Belgian milk chocolate is going to bankrupt me—but Finnish chocolate is also fantastic, and that will ultimately be the end of me.
It's the reason I started making my own. Since the Cadbury takeover quality has really gone downhill. Check out church road confectionery for proper welsh chocolate bars and other stuff 
I very often find that the bars differ in taste depending on the size of the bar. Breaking off a piece from a 150g bar and a piece from a 35g bar they taste different.
I complained direct to Cadbury about this. In the same call 
I complained about Murray mints tasting shite now too. They sent me a £5 gift voucher add though this can make up for running a special piece of my childhood. Makes me so fucking angry I feel like starting my own chocolate firm. Top tip, get your Cadburys from Ireland, it's still the God stuff there....
Aldi own brand chocolate tastes pretty close to old Cadburys, it's got purple packaging and I think it's called Dairyfine? 
Sainsburys do a dark chocolate fruit and nut which is great
Tesco Fruit and Nut tastes pretty much how I remember Cadbury's F&N from when I was a kid, and I ate enough to remember. Give it a go. Big bar for the price...it's in a kinda dark pink packet.

I wish people in this sub realised their was already a big gap between good chocolate and Cadburys before they changed the recipe. 
At least you can get him one for Christmas. I'm trying to work out how to get one for my goldfish.
i always thought trampolines look rather trashy, I know they arent cheap... but nothing says Essex nouveu riche more than a trampoline in the garden.
On certain subs here you will learn that trampolines are used by almighty powers to sacrifice shinbones, ankles and knees. I imagine dogs would meet the same fate. Just say no to killer trampolines! 
The bed will have to do 
Uncle brought his kids a trampoline years ago, his black lab jumped on it, slipped & broke its leg. Don't feel bad, dogs, like humans do not all like the same things, also like humans they can injure themselves on them.

Unlike humans we cant easily explain to the dog the dangers of a stretchy surface.
It's never too late
You monster!
Literally read this as the advert started playing.
One for sorrow   , two for mirth, three for a wedding, four for a birth!
Morning Mr Magpie, morning Mrs Magpie, greetings to you, and all your family. 
You're fucked, mate.
Yeah I feel the same way about ITV as well tbf.
 "Something,  something social media...  Something something Internet..  Something, a local man was found X". Always the same shit. TV news in general is garbage. 
Did anything in particular happen today?
"No news like bad news"

Don't watch T.V. any more, too depressing, and too many ads
I haven't watched regular TV in about a year... 
I haven't watched TV in so long that when I do see it, I feel like I'm in a foreign country. I don't recognize any of the adverts.
Please do not leave your empty bottle rolling around on the floor of the bus.
\*smacks you round the head\*

orange and orange
In Morrison's I found a four pack of the sport lucozades for £2
Why not just get two of the same and keep one for tommorow? 
You can now get diet Lucozade. That's it. I'll leave it at that. 
well, you really Fussed that one up.
Chanks. 
Could have been 'Tears', which would have been even more awkward.
izard?
Honestly, I'd assume that was a dialect thing and possibly use it myself. 
What, 'char' as in 'cup of char'? Sounds impeccably British to me. It deserves to become the standard response to door holding.
I was saying goodnight to a colleague and got stuck between "See you soon" and "see you hon". It came out as "see you son". He's two years older than I am.
Bee ya! This happens a lot to me when my brain decides to make me look like a fool. I also mixed up "love you" and "see you in a bit."

"Seen you, love you a bit"
It's okay, you could have said int or varchar...
Ha! You just called them a "Char Woman!"
My dad regularly says "Chars"
Pretend you're Kiwi. 

"Chur bro!"
Theers!
because being pot noodle royalty still makes you a peasant
Tesco sells this chinese instant noodle, fuck knows the name, but they do a green tonkatsu one and it is the dogs bolloucks. Better seasoning than any pot noodle. 


Just saying

edit: Name is Nissin Damae or something like that
I thought they came with two sachets? My last two did. I promptly threw them away as I don't like sauce.
This is why I have a bottle of soy sauce in at all times. I love the stuff.
Perhaps a noodle revolution is necessary.
Pot noodles are rank.
But you're in the UK aren't you? That's the same thing as London, right?
I was wrapping presents the other day, so had Youtube on so I could have music in the background while I toiled away. All's good, until it decided that I *really* wanted to watch a 5 minute advert hawking artificial floor surfacing for equestrian facilities, which basically consisted of some guy umming and errrring his way through a stilted testimonial.

I have no horses, no interest in horses, and even if I had plenty of land in the countryside the last thing I'd do is build someplace where I could practice my fucking dressage. 

To make it worse, I was using the Youtube app on the telly, so I couldn't skip it despite repeated attempts.
I will never forget the day my 93 year old Grandad (now deceased) upon receiving a cup of tea I had made him said "what's that?" To which I replied "it's your cup of tea Grandad" 

His stinging response "could have fooled me!"

The shame will live with me forever.
Hang your head and self exile to the colonies. It's your only hope of a normal life now.
Consider this a declaration of you being disowned. 
Tell her to make her own next time... .. .
When my SO's northern gran told me I made a lovely cup of tea, it was like I had been personally blessed. That's the kind of compliment you want from your future in laws :) 


To add, has anybody actually taught you to make a good cup of tea? I'm not joking because I used to make a rubbish cup until I learned the proper technique. 
Tough love. She is saving you from future public humiliation.
When I was younger and tasked with making my parents cups of tea I came up with the bright idea of making a shit one to put them off asking me again.
Didn't work mind, so now to this day whenever I'm asked to make one it's always "and make sure it's not gnat piss this time" 
It took my 3 years with my partner till she told me a made an acceptable cup of tea. 

She's just a fussy drinker that brews with a method close to making crystal meth.
I get your pain, i really do. 

[deleted]
I think you need a new place of employment.
Write a passive aggressive explanation on said whiteboard.
Always a good thread when the top parent comment is at -24...
[removed]
Yodel support here. We apologise for this oversight and will ensure to cock up the rest of your deliveries this year. 
They've hired a bunch of new guys for the Christmas rush, as soon as the new drivers get up to speed normal service will resume.

I lost it at Amazon the other day, well I didn't think I did but the grovelling apology suggests the complaint was taken seriously. I only expressed my utter annoyance at the inevitability that yet again sending a package by Yodel had resulted in it being out for delivery 3 days straight at the complete opposite end of the country from where I live with no one apparently noticing this. I then asked if the item is small enough can they ensure to use royal mail in future as every single one of those arrives when and where it is supposed to whereas Yodel and Hermes have about a 1% success rate. They apparently relayed my complaint to Amazon management and Yodel management.

It was a £2 nail varnish I didn't even want but had purchased to get add on items delivered. I was so embarrassed by my complaint over such a small item but the utter incompetence yet again just pissed me off. Not to mention the stupidity that adding a £2 item which was dispatched by a different carrier and took a sightseeing trip round the UK apparently made my order economically viable for them.

Anyway tl;dr you must live in some kind of alternative universe. Yodel is as shite as normal.
I mean OP ordered 6 but they're working on it 
I bet they got it the wrong way round; parcel delivered today should've been delivered yesterday and the parcel delivered yesterday should've been delivered today.
My experience with yodel has been extremely positive. Never understood the hate.
Was the person who delivered it ... Your Father?
You can normally get Yorkshire Tea dirt cheap at B&M Bargains. There's no excuse.
Philistines. Only Twinings is acceptable! Or those Clipper folk.

Mind you, half the tea in that aisle all comes in those poncy bloody bags nowadays, at £5.49 for 10 bags.
I have switched over to using loose tea leaves, cheaper by weight.

Just make sure if you do switch your either used to drinking tea with loose leaves (leave more @ the end) or you each have a strainer apart from aforementioned person taking over tea/coffee.

If they drink coffee, they should have a short drop followed by a sharp stop (for using own brand)
Yorkshire Tea Gold or nothing!
My company put own brand in a yorkshire tea tin. Dicks!!
Judging by the number of comments (zero) since this was posted 6 hours ago, no one has experienced public transport arriving early which is about right
It's a tube. They run every two minutes. There's no early or late with the tube. 
Got to train station in Wales. Checked on phone, 5 mins to go.
I then check the board at the station.
Train 9 minutes early.
Literally stated "train 9 minutes early"
Where it scrolls the stops.

Had to wait 30 minutes for next train.
I use Southern so  I don't know how  that feels like. I'm just surprised there is a train at all.
I just missed a diamond bus that was 20 mins early and waited 1h10 for the next one which was 50 mins late 
My boyfriend thinks I'm silly for turning up at the bus stop 10 minutes early. But the amount of times he's moaned about missing the bus because he only allows himself a minute before it shows up makes me feel so vindicated.

Sometimes buses are early. Might as well wait an extra 5 minutes just in case.
I laughed so hard at this lol
Aren't most of the Underground lines so frequent that it doesn't really matter? Or are you way out in the edge regions?
Of course not. They took it with them on holiday like a reasonable person. 
Not that surprising, it's not that good, and not even british anymore.
It was sold to Heinz and production move abroad in 2007.

Sorry
HP sauce is an abomination.
I don't have a larder.
did you check the fridge ?


sounds like you handled it perfectly
I go in to politeness over-drive in those situations;

"After you Good Sir" generally works.
Nostalgia trigger?
Maybe because it's just a great theme song?
Those fucking blue ones that are specifically designed for BMW drivers to burn the retinas of lesser car drivers to veer into the side of the road so they can carry on cruising at 120mph on the motorway
I absolutely hate this.

Firstly, they are Fog Lights. Not Rain Lights.

Secondly, if you can read the number plate of the car in front you do not need to make your presence known with Fog Lights.

Thirdly, if we are bumper to bumper or moving slowly, there is no danger of me missing you in the light mist, rain or whatever weather we are experiencing. I can read the sticker from the place that supplied your car.

Why the fuck do you need to burn my retina with your intense rear fog light?
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=9DZXOANUaNk
I'd rather that than the many idiots I see not putting any lights on in foggy conditions. I live in a hilly rural part of Dorset that gets lots of fog, but there are so many drivers that don't put any lights on at all.
If the fog has gone or you're stuck in the middle of a queue of traffic turn them off , they are damn bright!

Leave them on if you're at the back of a queue of traffic . When a car or two stop(s) behind you , turn them off again.

People seem capable of turning off their wipers if it stops raining , but have zero control over their fog lights . What's all that about?!
The ones that drive me nuts are the drivers in 2003 shitbox cars, putting fog lights on to pretend that their car has running lights.

It doesn't, cuntmuscle, you're just a prick
I got a condition called Irlen syndrome so i totally enjoy getting dizzy, falling over or walking into shit when they drive by...Really i do it for fun!

Of course sods law when it is actually foggy their lights magically don't work. :) 
And then you have the Nissan Juke/Quashqai (not sure) which has fog lights for its fog lights.
"There's no fog!"
A mate of mine told me he could rig it so when I turn my normal headlights on, the fog lights come on because it "looks cooler".

I asked how, and he started going on about running a wire from something to something else, before he finished I turned on my fog lights and said "or this?"
Makes it easier to avoid the retards on the roads though.
They won't mist anything. 
I can understand front fogs on the wet motorway with lots of spray, but not the tossers that use rear fogs
Rubbish, the real criminals are cyclists. Don't bother replying, I'll block you if I see a reply from you.
There should be a warning not to apply to minge/balls.
so it's not just me then, bought some once used it and felt like i'd been turned into some sort of Human/Extra Strong Mint hybrid for about 4 hours.  Did i brush my teeth? couldn't tell you as my entire world is now green and fucking peppermint.
Use it every day. Helps me wake up, but certainly doesn't burn. Maybe my knackers have lost feeling due to my morning ritual Original Source chemical burn.
On your balls, right?
I bought a cheaper shop own brand (Tesco I think) but there's no tingling.  That'll show me for being a cheap-skate.
Like giving your balls a rub-down with a minty cheese grater.

That should be the tagline. I like the stuff, there's something refreshing about it, I always expect my little Disco to start exhaling like a powerlifter, then there's a moment of quiet sorrow when it doesn't happen
Once you get used to it it's wonderful. It feels like my balls are literally sparkling.
I once got it in my eyes and I felt like I was going to die

me rolling around on the shower floor crying would not have been a pretty sight if anyone walked in
I tried the Aldi equivalent the other day, in comparison the Original Source is a gentle tickle. Effective wake up though. 
Jeez. Haven't used that stuff years for that very reason! 😄
If you can, find yourself a bottle of Black Mint.
Makes me feel like my anus is dialated
I used to think that stuff was bad.  Then I got older and discovered all of those ailments that come with getting older.  Along with it, I discovered a cream named Prestogel.  It sure as hell works wonders, but just don't try sitting down for a few hours after applying that stuff.
Reminds me of the time I mistook menthol shampoo for body wash.

The realisation set in long before I got below my belly button, so damage was limited, but there was still some discomfort for a few hours afterwards.
The mint shampoo is even more potent. Your scalp doesn't know what's going on.
You know those tiny little sugar coated seeds you get in some Indian restaurants with the bill? Sweet fennel seeds,sorts it right out. You can buy em in Asian supermarkets.  
Non-sense, Fish and Chips started in London and was brought over by Jewish settlers.

Also Lincolnshire (Grimsby specifically) would tell Yorkshire to fuck off with their poor quality fish and potatoes.
This is an outrageous suggestion and exactly what one would expect from a Yorkshireman.
Yorkshire people have an annoying habit of claiming generally Northern things as exclusively Yorkshire's own.
the whole of scotland, lincolnshire and london look on disgusted at this statement
You should definitely batter them to death and serve them with chips.
'appen.
Are you sure they didn't say fish and chips AND GRAVY? Northeners definitely made that a thing (and a blummin wonderful thing it is too).
Is this because of Harry Ramsdens? Only they just bulldozed ours and built a McDonald's. 
Huddersfield checking in. We claim Yorkshire puddings and the flat cap. You're welcome. 
Originated in Oldham as a combination as far as I remember, there's a plaque up to commemorate it and all. 

Just about the only worthwhile thing to come from there tbh
/r/BritishCatastrophie
I'm ready for the downvotes but I prefer it that way. 
Man you need one of those plastic timer things you boil in the same pot as your eggs. Perfect every time! 
Use Hestons method. Medium egg. Into cold salted water,bring to the boil,put on a tight lid and turn off the heat,wait seven minutes,bingo,yolk as runny as a Ketamine-heads nose every time. 
Boooooooo!
The other 20% upsold 65% of their transactions last quarter, and are on a fast track to management where they will think up new ways to make everyone's lives that bit more annoying, and will be first against the wall come the revolution. 
If you want two pieces of sandpaper, why did you buy a map?
Not to mention Currys/PC World adding the "free" warranty to your invoice. When challenged they assured me it was "free". When challenged again they admitted that the "free" warranty covered the first year and after that my credit card would be debited monthly for the extended warranty payments. FFS
I had that in White Stuff the other day, they asked for my postcode. Why? I'm buying a top? 
Our bosses do make us ask and we do hate it just as much as you do. Honestly, all we want is to serve you as quickly as possible and to have you leave a happy customer but we still have to do the spiel. Our bosses watch us and the tills record statistic on how many loyalty cards we give out and how many till-tellers (extra items on the till) we sell.

The best way to make it as painless as possible for both of us is to answer with a quick firm no/no thank you. I promise that 90% of sales assistants will ask the questions quickly and if you answer quickly and simply then it doesn't take long.

I'm not saying that OP complains. From the text it's clear you understand our position but I just want to say generally that customers who complain make the process longer for themselves as we can't ask the next question as quickly. I don't make company policy and I didn't event the five pence bag charge. Telling me off about it won't make any difference.

I don't want to whine and I know everyone has there bad days but sometimes customers manage to really upset me. For example, one lady once accused me of lying about the fact our five pence bag charge goes to charity. Who would lie about a thing like that?!! I also once had a man yell at me for offering till tellers. I have no choice if I want to keep my job. I'm a human being and it hurts.

TLDR: It's not the sales assistants fault. Lets all work together to make the experience as quick and as painless as possible.
Fucking Maplins. You go in the spend 10X as much for a USB cable and they accost you as soon as you walk in, then try to sell you a torch "for £1" and then try and give you advertising
Ok, I've got one that you might like.

When you buy two large glasses of wine, and I go—"there's three large glasses in a bottle?"

Then you get two large and two small glasses of wine each, and save yourself about £2.50 
CEX are bar-stewards for this too. Asking for name/address etc in case I want to return a dvd. Bollocks!

Also Whitards. Went in there just to buy a [loose tea leaf infuser](https://d29h7ql7qnxkqx.cloudfront.net/pix/onshopping888/LD219_%281%29.jpg) & got asked three times for my email.

No meant no first time, it didn't mean tell me you can send me shit I've no interest in! I'm stood in the shop, if I wanted something else, I'd have brought it to the sodding till!

*deep breathe*
Fucking machine mart! This does my head in when I go in there.

Mate I'm buying welding gas, just sell me the gas!
Just give them admin@ whatever outlet is asking; just say you work at head office.
Good for you, but don't hate, just say, "no, sorry."
I don't understand why people give out their email address randomly like this, is it that they are proud to have one and like show off by remembering it?   
If they're not going to send you spam, they going to sell you details in bulk to someone who will spam the crap out of your address.

How hard is it to guess a Scottish persons name.. Tartan McHaggis, done, who's next?
It's been a fair few years since Buzz Aldrin was ruthlessly exploited on British TV; a revival has been somewhat overdue. Even if the current conduit is unexpected.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytNAgoDGvts


I always wonder how these things work, do the company contact Buzz with a moon themed advert in mind? or does he just decide one day that the bank balance is getting a bit low and gets an agent to ask if anyone wants him to promote some stuff? 
To be fair, throughout the entire thing his face says "mother fuckers I went to the fucking MOON bitches"  
I quite like it when Tube driver union representatives phone in to radio stations to justify strikes. It's always particularly charming when, presumably with a straight face, they claim that working more than 30 hours a week (for, what, 50k or thereabouts?) would "interfere with their social lives". I had always taken it as a given that those drawn to the life of a tube driver were looking to fill the void where a social life would normally be.....

striking is good
[luckily the boffins at /r/britishideas have a genius solution....] (https://www.reddit.com/r/Britishideas/comments/5d58ks/if_tfl_employed_mechanophiliacs_people_sexually/)
Go on then, from memory, list 'em.
I've been saying for ages that they should have a Chinese Club. 
Except nobody really buys food on saturdays so what's the point?
That's not much of a surprise. Whenever I visit my grandad in Northleach, a good few insist on running in front of my car.
Don't forget all the badgers that have been 'hit by cars' and somehow ended up on the verge no where near the road...

The owner probably thinks that turkey isn't British enough. 
They don't even have roast on Sundays anymore. I found that out the hard way, not been back since!
Came to this sub explicitly for this news. Not disappointed.

Their Sunday roasts were abhorrent anyway, but Turkey pie dinner?! WTF?
Place near me does Hendersons Relish crisps. God they're so good. Problem is, you can eat a bag in one sitting. 
> Leaving Sheffield

/r/britishsuccess
I moved to Sheffield in 2005 after leaving Coventry, have to keep sending supplies back to my Dad as he has been converted to Henderson's over Worcester sauce.
You got an upvote for your username you magnificent bastard
I had a shepherd's pie in Glasgow once. Made to order, fresh. I sat down and my face dropped, lost all hope to live. No Hendo's. I had to make due with red sauce, like some kind of peasant.
Euphemism?
Just use Worcester sauce, practically the same
It was a test. You should have taken his mug, and drunk from it while looking him straight in the eye. Show him who is boss.
At least he didn't make himself tea and use your cup. 
Show you mean war by leaving a giant turd on his desk. 
CEO ???  CEO ????

CHILDREN AVERT YOUR EYES

WTF is this ?  you're some kind of spy-terrorist

and I caught you

coming over her with your backwards american lingo, trying to corrupt us

CEO in english is MD or Managing Director

I caught you

consider yourself caught
The highway code says to slow down.

Seriously.

It's because you need more time to react so you can brake less suddenly.

Just slow down and watch as their fury builds.
Couple of weeks back I was having a driving lesson in the dark and some fuck knuckle in a big 4x4 thing (couldn't tell what type) was right on my arse with his full beam halogen lights on. It was so fucking bright I couldn't think straight. I genuinely couldn't concentrate on my driving. I had to pull over to let the arsehole pass so I wouldn't crash the fucking car.
You may already know this, but I'll mention it because not everyone does. There's usually a tab at the bottom of your rear view mirror. Flipping that "dips" the mirror, so that you get a much dimmer view of what is behind you. It's meant for exactly this problem.
Go to the usa, you aint seen nothing. Street lamps are rare as fuck over there, and everyone has v8 trucks with lights high enough to really rustle your Jimmy's. 
There's a cunt of a human being in my area who has not only replaced the standard headlamps with those woeful ultra-bright lights but has also installed fairy-light styled ones on every free bit of his grill like it's a fucking Christmas decoration for a low budget shopping centre Santa's grotto.

It's a Porsche Cayenne too so the lights are windscreen level for the standard hatchback meaning it's like a flash grenade going off for any driver on his oncoming lane. 
Living in the middle of Range Rover land this is a constant issue that drives me absolutely mental.
Throw in a bumpy surface and "self levelling" lights which only seem to leave the lights pointing in the wrong direction for even longer than with normal lights.
Happened to me last week. Only knew that the arse was behind me when i saw the glare on his windscreen from the car that passed me going the other way. He was so close that i couldnt see his headlights. Was tempted to hit my break so that he would go into the back of me and claim on his insurance. 
Point your drivers side mirror fully out and slightly up, the reflection of their own lights in their own face tends to get the point across pretty darned quickly.
Pull over, allow them to pass, see how they like it
"Good, thanks, yourself?" is the other 50% I guess.
Ohhh this whole fucking issue really needs to be addressed.

Some people are so anal about being offered and offering tea and coffee at work.

Usually at a new place I go along with it for a while but then I just up and get my own, for fuck's sake why should I be coerced into having to offer every time. I'm quite happy to get my own and will always say no too.

Reasons why I hate it:

Firstly there's always one fucker who gets away with virtually never getting a round of teas in;

Secondly we all drink at different rates. Sometimes I might want a bovril or a water or a soup. Why be tied to having tea/coffee at a particular time.

Thirdly, there's enough corporate regulation and micromanaging without all this shit too;

If I'm a miserable fucker so be it. Fuck what they think is my belief.

Actually this issue should have its own subreddit. 
Go around the office three times a day asking people if they would like "orange, lemon or Ribena?"

They will probably get the idea.
Declaring your dislike for tea on this sub is brave, people have been lynched for less. 
Don't worry, I don't drink Tea or Coffee either. They stopped offering me drinks at work (after 4 years) but now it has been replaced with "No, she doesn't drink tea or coffee" and a general look of shock/confusion from co workers. 

Edit: just want to point out that it has never bothered me when people offer. It just makes me smile. 
Why not just say that you dont like either. Saves them asking and you replying.
Don't forget the why don't you drink tea/coffee or do you drink tea/coffee at home conversations. 
I drink tea and coffee, I just dont drink the piss weak stale warm arse juice that comes out of the vending machines under the label "coffee" and the white warm water with fake milk under "tea"

I have to wait until I get home to have a brew because there's no actual tea or coffee facilities. It's honestly a fucking travesty, I might start bring a camp stove and brewing up in the carpark.

Ironic isn't it? British company doesn't make tea available to staff.
Serves you right for being a tea-shunning traitor. Lord Protector Farage will sort you lot out soon enough. 
Tell them you follow  John Wesley

In 1748 John Wesley, the great preacher and founder of the Methodist movement, was arguing for complete abstinence from tea, on the grounds that it gave rise to numberless disorders, particularly those of a nervous kind

Source, https://www.tea.co.uk/a-social-history#temperance
I prefer being tea self sufficient

Everyone elses tea is shit, I only trust my own
The vacant stearing followed by the question what not even hot chocolate
Force yourself to drink tea.
Is it always followed with an "Oh? Are you sure?"
I don't trust people who don't drink tea.
I think it's part of the social interaction in the environment, like monkeys eating bugs off of each other's backs. They might even be thinking "I know PureDarkness93 will say no, but I don't want them to be left out," and ask anyway. It can be an excuse for a brief social interaction, or an annoyance. If the latter, you could politely say no need to ask, as you don't like hot drinks.
In my last place we had it down to 4 sentences:
  
> Morning  
> I'm fine thanks  
> already got one mate  
> night  
  
(I work in IT which might explain it)
office workplaces sound like terrible places filled with terrible people

no wonder the country is the way it is
You misunderstand. They're not asking whether you're fine or not.
Ugh I have such a dilemma in my office with tea/coffee. So, I don't drink tea at work because I only use almond milk and I can't be bothered to bring it in for myself so I just don't have hot drinks at work... but I am also the person who orders the tea and coffee! People always forget to tell me when the supplies are low until it's too late and then the office freaks out! And then I'm feeling like the bad guy for not constantly checking on something I don't even consume!

So the other morning we ran out of tea & coffee so people started panicking. One guy came up to me to grill me on it and I told him that I had ordered some the night before. He started freaking out and asking what I meant by ordered... I explained that I placed an order and was waiting for the delivery. He was having none of it and in a hysterical state walked to the shop to stock up. He came in clutching a large box of tetley's and loudly telling me that he'd saved the day... I shrugged. 

The icing on the cake... not 5 minutes after he was back the delivery came and the kitchen was stocked up again! Oh, how I laughed!! Then I printed a sign out and stuck it in the kitchen to tell people that they need to tell me BEFORE it's on the last dregs. 
Do they ask if you want a tea/coffee, or if you want a drink?

The former is annoying, the latter is annoyingly polite. Take advantage and ask them to get you a glass of water, barely drink it, then if they ask again just explain you've already got one - after seeing the glass a few tea/coffee runs, they'll probably stop asking.

I'm a bugger for asking people if they want me to get them something while I'm up, even if they've previously said no thanks (my logic is your initial choice can change in an hour!); I apologise on behalf of everyone who's too bloody annoying/polite for their own good. We even annoy ourselves sometimes.
I said yes to a cup once and it came back so piss weak it was almost white. Never again.
There's 3 people in my office and we all sit together. 

Coalition of the anti-caffeine. 
This is why I started drinking tea,  the lesser of two evils. 
At least they offered. 

I used to offer everytime I wanted a brew and seeing as I love tea as much as a chimp it was a pretty good deal for the people I shared an office with. 

However, I noticed one or two persistent solo-brewers. So now they have to solo-brew more frequently. Twats.
I'm the same, but also have the addition of not drinking alcohol.
Do you work in Cheltenham for a Digital Consultancy? 
I'm paranoid your'e the guy who I used to sit next to.
I'm the same. I just ask for a brew of water instead. Makes them feel useful. 
Even worse I have decaff tea and the common refrain is, "What's the point?". As if the caffeine is the thing that gives tea a point.
That sounds like a shit environment to work in.
8 word vocabulary, impressive.
and then you get the reply "I didn't ask how you were.."

/funny
I just stand up and shout, "anyone for a drink?".  If you don't reply, you don't get a drink. 
I am the same, I predominantly drink water during the day, but constantly get asked if I want a tea or a coffee. Every fucking day.


Watch yourself, if you aren't careful someone is going to make you one some day and you'll have to choke it down out of politeness 
I don't drink instant coffee ( yea I know what a snob  etc but that shit tastes nothing like coffee! ) doesn't stop my coleus offering it to me endlessly no mater how many times I tell them :/ 
In my job I started today, the custom is to ask people at every single table cluster and take all the orders on a tray to another room fifty yards and three doors away. And on top of that it is every man for himself with regard to teabags and coffee, no communal fund. So it is totally fucked and a logistical nightmare.

So it seems like a good time to try the water challenge.
Back not too long ago, "smoke them if you've got them" meant that it was break time if and only if you smoked.

This is how the military gives you lung cancer.
How are you even a human being, though? :O
You need a t-shirt with "NO" in big letters, and a shirt (I'm assuming you wear a shirt at work) over the top with press studs instead of buttons.
what do you want? sympathy? bloody heathen
You should probably hang a sign above your desk/around your neck that reads "Nil by kettle".
Get a tea pot and a jug of milk. 
If you drink cordial, water (hot or cold) or something instead ask for that when they offer you tea or coffee. Either they will stop asking you due to extra effort or you get a drink you like. 
When i go on my rotation in the UK I make a large pitcher of iced tea every morning to last me the day. Freaks the new guys out when i go to the fridge for my tea and the old timers always have a laugh. :)
I just drink water myself, but I go and make a round of teas and coffees during the day as a bargaining chip for the favours I'll inevitably need later on.

I also bribe the grunts in the warehouse with Lidl's version of hobnobs and mars bars so I don't have to go down and unload vehicles in the freezing cold and rain.
You must have eaten them before 8PM then. You've upset the natural order. 
(1) Don't eat them in bright light

(2) Don't get them wet

(3) DON'T EAT THEM BEFORE 8PM
All of them? There's supposed to be one left at the end that everyone's too polite to eat. 
I have been known to do the same with packs of Jaffa Cakes.
There's something crazy like 3500 calories in a box of them. I read this halfway through eating a box and suddenly felt like a right fat cunt.

Also saw the sugar content which explained why I was shaking and talking fast.
But proud, no?

Be proud of your accomplishments!
All discipline is gone in this country. 
3 after eights makes a good sandwich if you use two Nice biscuits as the bread. Just saying. 
Totally worth it. 
It's not even Christmas!
One of the most shameful practices I used to have (and most likely could still do if feeling particularly self loathing) is eating an entire tube of Pringles in one go

They're not even particularly enjoyable, like potato powder put into a pringle shaped cast, with the quietest whisper of flavour suggested to them
Try settling your stomach with six bags of Roast Beef Monster Munch.
If it was a Yorkshire, she's a keeper
I've rummaged in by bag for ciggies and offered one to the person I was speaking to...only to look down and realise I was offering them a pack of tampons.
How small is your girlfriend?!
Trust me, it's better than inadvertently doing the same thing with a sanitary pad.

The 'tissue' thing is now a running gag with my mother and it will never die.
She keeps tea bags in her handbag? 
Teascusting.
What does a dying giraffe sound like?
It sounds exactly like the sound you're making up in your head 
and how exactly is OP familiar with this sound ? ಠ_ಠ

The question is: why do they sound like that? (not dying I hope)
I still miss cheese flavour Hula Hoops.
The blueberry one tasted amazing. 
Why would they do this? It actually tastes alright and not like battery acid. 
Red Bull make other flavours? I work for Tesco and never seen anything but the originals. I now feel like my life won't be complete until I try a tropical one however due to this post I fear I never will.
The blueberry one tasted amazing. 
Randomness is like that. It is much clumpier than people think.
You very awful?

I'm Dave
XDP?
Is she Everyday Value or Finest?
We both turned up to the first date with the same throat bug. I was disappointed in the hoarse meet.
I'd join the IKEA dating agency, but it would mean putting it up myself.


Made me smile..have an upvote.
You're far too single when you read this and think "oohh there's a Tesco Dating Agency now?"...
Every little helps
At least when it breaks, you can take it back for a replacement.
Presumably you'd prefer a shag for life?
I joined the Maccy D's one. I'm loving it
I'm into Milfs so I went with Iceland.
Have an upvote sir 
Accidently slips into her ass. "Unknown item in bagging area!" 
> The closest the moon has been since 1948

No, it's not. The moon is this close once a ~~year~~month.

The Moon's orbit around the Earth is elliptical, so it moves gradually away from us over the course of ~~six months~~two weeks and then gradually gets closer again. The difference is that this ~~year~~month, the moon is full when it is closest.

EDIT: wrong length of cycle - d'oh!
I don't really get it.. I've seen it, it looks the same size.
Just looked out of the window and seen it. Bloody lovely it is too.
I saw it yesterday, close enough I guess
Technically it is the furthest since 1948, the moon moves away from Earth at an average rate of 2cm a year.
It's the moon. You've seen it before. The problem here is that people care about bullshit.
Got the same problem. :( It's cloudy in Edinburgh.
How the fuck do you converse with tradesmen then?
Why's that, mate?
...have you ever talked to... anyone?
It's super easy, just remember that calling them mate is the one thing that stops them murdering you for being a threat.
Try 'blood', 'fam' or 'honky tonk'
Yeah I feel awkward using the word mate in conversation, same with using a lot of English/region-specific words. Not a sterling conversationalist as it is.
Mate, chap, bro, geezer, homie, I use em all. I'm a metrosexual, cross generational, classless mother fucker I am. 
Just roll with it, I've been in Bristol two years and now everyone is either me babbers or me lover
casually swap it out whenever you feel like calling someone cunt
Take a holiday in Australia - perhaps the next Ashes tour? You'll soon quite naturally adopt it as a standard part of your vocabulary. 

The only alternate to this in terms of training is to channel Neil Morrissey as I seem to recall he said it a lot in *Men Behaving Badly*
I don't like calling random people mate. I don't like being called mate, either. I'm a laydee.
I say 'duck' (Derbyshire) far too often. Can't stand saying mate though.
Mate.
Do you sound like Mark Corrigan?
You need to read The Sun to make it easier. 
If you were really ill then proving it would be the last thing on a very long list of worries. Source: personal, horrible experience.
Hang around for 10 minutes and you really will be [ill](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-35131678)
Even when you are visiting someone else!
I have to wear sunglasses 90% of the time and especially when under that crappy lighting they have in hospitals. I always feel like a huge cock wearing them inside or on a cloudy day. 

As another poster has said here, when you have serious enough issues things like feeling like you need to prove your ill become
A lot less important, making sure you don't fall out of the chair, don't vomit on the floor and your head does not simultaneously implode & explode (or how it feels) for me take priority. If I feel good enough to worry I'm too happy that am having a good day :)
The broken leg should have been enough to convince them
I always reply "good good" to plans and say "toodle-pip" to my friends when leaving....I physically can't stop myself
That's the thing, it always starts as irony and ends up slipping into your normal lexis. Me and my mate recently started saying 'fam' in our messages as a bit of a joke, but now it's dead serious.
I say "awesome" like that and have a little giggle to myself when I tell someone they are awesome. And they don't get the joke. Sociopath is what I think it's called.
Oh I know her pain. My ex and I started calling eachother 'babe' ironically, because we both hated the term so much. Over time that's all we ever called each other.. Probably why we broke up.
The dangers of saying things ironically...They always end up part of your normal lexicon, which is why I've adopted the words 'ace' and 'fabulous' 

What a character 
Gordon Bennett and Blimey have become part of mine, I've become my grampy it would seem.

I'm only 25, it's too soon!
You just need to tell her you [can't understand her banter.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myIB1TrPpTE)
Fucks sake I've done the same, hate it, can't help myself
I did the same when I started referring to mine as 'mother'. It's a slippery slope.
"Whatnot" thanks to my best friend has left me with it imbedded in my vocabulary. 
I used to say 'Jolly hockey sticks!' when someone tried to come across as posh, and my son thought I'd made it up. 

Then he went to university and met some REALLY posh people, who used to say 'Oh jolly hockey sticks!' to each other when they thought they were being TOO posh.

So now he doesn't know whether it's meant ironically or not.
[deleted]
We're all stars now, in the chip show.
Next time wink and tell her she'll like the saveloy.
Fish, chips or fish and chips - or GTFO!
Easy.  Just wait until somebody else comes in.  As they unzip, hold out your sample bottle and ask them nicely to stop just before they reach the top.   
  
Ok, so they may or may not be the results you're looking for, but it gets round one of your problems.
Go behind a bush. 
Drink lots, wait until steady stream is established, then collect. They usually don't need more than a cm or so anyway.

Next time, remind them that you are female! They can give you a little cardboard bowl to collect it in before transferring it, or at least a bigger container.

But remember that they usually don't want the very first bit.

They might give you an antiseptic wipe if you point out you will have to use a public toilet.
Squeeze wee mate.
Why not just cut out the middle man and punch yourself in the face and work from home?
How the government allow Southern to operate such a shoddy system is a mystery to me, there must be performance standard regulations then can use to take over the line?
Probably left the handbag behind too.
Depends on the tea. 
I take a cup of bed to tea with me. Can't sleep without it
She doesn't like your tea then. 
Considering the J Ross show was 3 days ago.......neither do I
im glad I missed it
True..but it costs a lot of money to keep a bar open.

My local Sainsburys charge £4.75 for a 750ml bottle of Pinot, the same wine I can buy for £2.99 a 750ml bottle in Aldi.
Time to find another bar
We are all bourgeois now.
The curry house we used to go to used to send my friend across the road for a couple of bottles of strongbow then sell it back to him at £3 a pint. 
Moron in "doesn't know pubs have to pay for heating, electrics, service, staff, cleaners, building insurance, upkeep etc, etc, etc" shock.
https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/updates-to-the-alcohol-duty-rates/updates-to-the-alcohol-duty-rates

> duty on still wine and made-wine exceeding 5.5% but not exceeding 15% abv: £277.84 per hectolitre of product

that's 69p tax for your 250ml glass of wine to be served in a pub instead of from a supermarket

£2.08 on the bottle.

in case anyone tries to blame everything on tax
It's extortionate
Yes, and I can make an epic pasta dish for two quid that costs a tenner plus in an average restaurant. 

Your point being?
Is your local Sainsburys a pub?
Newsflash: Restaurants and Bars sell food and drink for profit.
My local Sainsbury's charges £1.25 for a 500ml bottle of Coca-Cola, the same Coca-Cola I can buy for £1.25 for a 1.75l bottle in Sainsbury's.
Isn't that how Pub's and Bar's work !!
So assuming this was bought in a standard pub, I've calculated based on the standard industry target of 25% cost, your glass of wine should have been £6.00 including £1.00 vat. 
If however, you bought it in an upmarket wine bar or Restaurant you'll be paying a premium on top of that. In a top hotel? even more.
Thats how it works. 
Pubs, Bars and Restarants have to pay their chefs, servers, bartenders, porters, food, drink, rent, employers NI contributions, waste collection, crockery, glassware, cleaners, music licence, TV licence and Sky (if they have it), POS systems, insurance, gas electric, insurance, cooking and cooling equipment, cleaning equipment, pest control, online booking software, laundry and the list goes on.

So please, if you don't like paying £6.75 for your large glass of wine, then stay at home in the dark with the heating off, drinking it from a dirty glass.
Don't like it? Don't buy it.

Simple.
Welcome to capitalism. Suck it up.
So much of this!

On Friday evening I went to buy tea bags and was almost convinced my local Tesco had stopped selling them.  Couldn't find them anywhere!  Eventually found them in the sort of 'extension' type part of the shop which *used* to have beers/wines in, but then changed to crisps/biscuits.  Apparently that section is now teas and juices.
It's a tactic to keep regulars in longer, they make more sales this way. 
My local Morrisons got rid of a couple of aisles, so now 2 people can walk past each other down the same aisle!   Brilliant, only took 20 years for them to figure that out. 
Going to be a lot of blind people eating dog food again.
So you spend longer in there looking for shit and buy more special offers. They're organised I'm yelling ya!
Online shopping.  You actually go into store??  Are you mad?
Could be worse. I've just learnt where everything is in my local co-op and they've decided to renovate the whole fucking building! 
I think that's partially to hide the recent spate of missing items. 

If you shift everything around it's harder to point out what's not there anymore. 
Seconded.

Any time local shop does this, I get sick of looking for what I want, that I just grab an item or two. Then, over the following weeks I finally spot what I need, just before it'll most likely all change again.
They do that because you're statistically more likely to buy more if you have to search for what you actually want.
It's their bank's idea to hide the passwords.
Have you been in an Aldi or a Lidl? Yes, it's good value and yes, the produce is pretty good quality but Christ - it's like walking round a jumble sale. Nothing is ever where it was the last time you went in. 
Some wag pointed out that Tesco et al are shooting themselves in the foot with this nonsense. Of course they do it to ensure you traverse the whole shop in order to get your basics. However, it also forces their own staff to perform the same extended journey as they pick goods for on-line shoppers - so it costs them money too.
Trust me as much as it pisses you off it does the staff too, I work in a 24hr Tesco and at night we've had fridges cleaned and re-shuffles over the past month or so, customers are actually having to communicate with us in order to buy the same thing they have for years. Not only does it mean we have to go out of our way to get said item out of the chiller but at 2am who wants to communicate with anyone?
Yeah and till tesco employees remember where all the stuff went... 
Same if he yawns. you dont want him to think he inspired you.
Why?


This has been the majority of my univesity experience thus far 
The irony of needing tea in order to make tea. 
As a testimony of their 'I don't care culture', the French also like serving warm water in a tea pot and the tea bag next to it.

Brewing, how does it work?
Ah...trusting a Frenchman to make you a cuppa. That was your first mistake. Johnny Frenchie makes a tip top cup of coffee,and he whips up an omelette something lovely,but allowing him access tho the Holy of Holies and being disappointed with the result? May as well give him a rifle and act surprised when he uses it to wave a white flag. 
Thanked him lukewarmly, I assume? 
This is why we had a hundred year war.
I love when all three of you go at exactly the same time and sorta pirouette round the roundabout like it was choreographed.
Shout HESITAAAAANCE and floor it. 
Oldest, most beat-up, car goes first.
Waiting at a mini roundabout? The London way is to ignore it and cut straight across.
A Mexican standoff.
Be bold-make the first move!
I'm always the nice one, I go to save the other two having to make a decision.
I always take one for the team and go first. 
Driving a Ford Ka, it corners incredibly well, in that situation I will tend to go first purely as I can avoid issues should another car decide to go. 

The one that pisses me off is coming to a 4 way mini roundabout with 3 cars and the car to the left of the "clear" road stops to give way to the car waiting 2 junctions to the right. 
Fear not! The pigeon perched precariously on top of the lamppost did so for you.
If we weren't all crammed in like it was a merry day trip to Auschwitz rather than the 815 from Slough maybe we'd have room to take off our coats to alleviate the problem.
Last week I had my laptop to bring in with me so I placed it on the floor in my bag next to my feet. When I arrived at my station it was so hot I was worried it wouldn't turn on when I got to the office! 
The last time I messaged South West Trains about this they said "sorry, the temperature is set in the depot". So these mongs purchased stock that cannot be modified during its journey. How stupid... how difficult is it to put a thermostat in the drivers cab?!
South west blast both the heating, and the air con at the same time. It makes no sense to me.
Wait? Your train company has the heating on when it's cold, rather than only in the summer when it's hot? What madness is this?
Are we talking about the seventh circle of Violence or the seventh layer of Baator here?
Turned down? As if it isn't freezing enough in the seventh circle of hell.
Network Rail charges electricity according to modelling of consumption of the rolling stock as a class rather than actual use. There has been a move towards On Train Metering but it's a costly process for operators to install those systems.

It's most likely heating or no would have no impact on the company's costs.

In any case, ticket prices are set by the DfT.
The Class 158s and 155s up here have random temperatures. I can just move carriages if I fancy a different temperature.

Not that we have more than 2 or 3 carriages to choose from.
Not just that, either. I had the experience of a bored checkout operator subjecting me to the Spanish Inquisition when I wanted to get a free replacement for an old worn & torn *bag-for-life*
By far the biggest contributor in the sense of plastic is the shop itself. If you've ever worked in the warehouse of a supermarket you know what I mean. There's more plastic in a single lorryload than an entire weekly use of plastic bags.
I don't, what else am I going to use to put my plastics in for the recycling?
My mother has used old carrier bags to knit us each a bag. The type of woolly hat with ear flaps- Peruvian type thing- knitted on big needles out of strips of old carriers. Bloody brilliant they are.
My God! When I had this happen I had a shop assistant going "you're in a car as well?" sorry mate, I didn't realise I've single handedly wiped out the arctic
Meanwhile I'm collecting both those & the 10p ones at home
I live in a block of flats and we have an american style rubbish chute, 5p bags are the biggest that fit down them so I always end up buying a handful every time I go shopping.
Climate change really has very little to do with the 5p bags/bags for life... 
Where as me and the guy next to me are currently competing to see who can turn up the latest without the manager mentioning, I'm currently losing to his quite impressive 3 hrs. Both of us live within 20 minutes of work.
This is a given for anyone who has to use a service provided by First Bus. 
I literally hate everything they stand for.
the fact they're on in NEARLY THE MIDDLE OF NOVEMBER 😣

maybe the last week of november, then all of christmas that'd be sound
The parodies are the worst part.
Or you just get up and walk to the edge of the road to signal "This is where the queue starts motherfuckers. Get behind me".
Simply explain:  "Oh it's ok, the bus isn't coming yet, sit down again. I'm just standing up because my piles are hurting me".
Pretend you have a phone call and got up for privacy. 
I don't get how they insure them.
I still chuckle whenever I still see a PN15 plate...
Aye, I paid £500 for my last car, sold it and bought a £900 motorbike.

But I like knowing I can go much faster than the guy in a brand new Aston martin and I only paid £900 for the privilege.
Is the P plate a legal requirement now? Why would anyone use it if it's not? 
[The real problem is that they missed the best one.](http://imgur.com/kRjdqSB)
meme magic
But if she looks friendly, there's the risk of her talking to you, isn't there?
Every day
Add bacon for £1.75, add cheese for £1.50
...chips served in a bucket, and burger on a roof tile
Were they stacked on some slate to look like a # ?
Does anyone else find the word "gastropub" unappealing? It's too close to words like "gastroenteritis" for my liking.
Come to the bar I work at, you can spend £9.50 on one bloody drink, and that's not even a sharing one either 
Well, they were cooked 3 times...
And that is without cheese.
How did you manage to get so many chips?
Go to Wetherspoons, I know a lot of people look down on them but it's like £6.50 for a gourmet burger with chips, onion rings and a drink.
I paid £14 for a burger in Hackney last year. It didnt come with chips. It was a nice burger, but it wasnt a £14 burger!
Chips served in a mini deep fat fryer basket 
There was a place I went to once that had a "Heisenburger". It was basically a cheese and bacon burger. Not even *blue* cheese and not a single mention of chilli powder. Why even bother with the name? 
I'm over in the US just now and they've humped my favourite airport, Newark. I used to sit and have a McDonalds and then get a massive cup of tea from Dunkin Doughnuts, and sit contently reading while I waited a few hours on my connection.

All gone now. All they have now is ipad and fancy bars that are all the same with different flair on the menus. And custom burger... which is like McDonalds if you wanted to pay twice as much for something that doesn't taste good. 

lt;dr they got rid of all the normal outlets in favour of upmarket shite ones charging a fortune for a shite burger.
I hate to join in on the hype, but I found myself in Five Guys near Leicester Square the other day. I paid £16 for a bacon cheeseburger, chips and a drink.

It was so good that I don't even feel bad.
It took 3 attempts to cook 4 chips, disgraceful. 

*_What do you mean they're still not ready, I've already cooked them twice_*
Look, I don't mind paying a tenner for a burger and chips. Tell me [Five Guys](http://www.bizquest.com/_img/_seo/856916-five-guys-restaurants.jpg), [Almost Famous](http://ot-foodspotting-production.s3.amazonaws.com/reviews/4059356/thumb_600.jpg?1379689767), or [Fat Hippo](http://sarahbosson.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/20140219-085043-pm.jpg) aren't worth a tenner or more, and I'll fight you mate. 

But when those fancy pretentious pubs give me a burger with shitty, dry meat, sparse toppings, and a disintegrating bun and a plate of chips which wouldn't satiate a small kitten, then I'm angry. That's a burger and chips that isn't worth a tenner.
No idea how they are in a Gastropub but I've had Triple Cooked Chips from a stall at a festival once and they were fantastic to be fair. 
And when the burger in a Brioche bun, that's the latest trend.  Hate brioche!
That's the equivalent of 12 chips in any other pub.  Doesn't sound so bad now, eh?
See, the number of fryings makes chips 3x more expensive here. You don't get 12 chips like that troglodyte takeaway hole down the road.
I would not pay that price. Problem solved
Was it just a burger and literally 4 chips? 

I hate double/triple fried chips... can't understand why it's popular enough to be a selling point tbh :/
You seen the UK prices for Five Guys? Great food, but take out a credit card first. £40 for 4 people, easy.
I live up north. ELI5 what is a gastropub. Is it a pub that sells more than pickled eggs and a packet of walkers?
Gastro - the cross between a musical fart conductor and a pretend but also expensive posh big mac and fries.
In London this sounds sadly reasonable
I once bought a burger for £14.50, and it was literally a Sainsbury's burger. Don't ever go to the Hampshire Hog, folks.
BUT YOU GET TO LIVE IN LONDON
The thing that makes me laugh is that if fools are prepared to be basically defrauded and then go back and repeat the experience multiple times then retailers think it's ok to overcharge and the cycle continues. Remove patronage from overpriced restaurants and they close.
I live in London. £9.50 for a burger and chips sounds like a good deal to me.
Found a pub just down from Waterloo yesterday, sausage sandwich, chips and a pint of Kronenbourg for £9.  Thought I had stumbled through a time portal. 

(Hasn't made me ill...yet).
The problem there is not the price, it's that you're a mug for paying it.
My niece posted a picture of her meal she had  with her boyfriend on Facebook today, 1 sausage on the tiniest bit of mash. £7:50. Wtf
TIL about triple cooked chips. They've gotta be a pain in the ass to make, no wonder they're expensive. http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/triple-cooked-chips-368789
Is that considered expensive these days? Been out of the UK for a few years, but can't remember the last time I went somewhere and you could get a meal for the equivalent of 10 quid.
Is that seriously supposed to be expensive?? That's very cheap
I paid £12 for exactly this at lunchtime. The burger wasn't even very nice.
My local has started doing a Wagyu beef burger. It's £11 and the picture has the most pathetic wedge of beef I've ever seen in my life in an obnoxiously large brioche bun. Such a rip off.
Try a cornish pasty and a coffee for £6.35!! 
Four chips?? Photo or GTFO.
£9.50 for a burger *and* chips? Sounds like an excellent price to me.

</Surrey>
I know... Wanted steak and Chips last night and my Friend wanted an all day English breakfast. Nope. Ended up at MacDonalds for Burger.
£9.50 seems pretty average for any pub that isn't Spoons or has a flat roof.
> People going to stupid 'gatropubs' and then complaining about the inflated prices.
What are triple cooked chips? I only cook them one time and they are fine!
If it's a decent enough burger then £9.50 is pretty reasonable for pub food around here.
Could be worst, a bacon cheese burger, fries and a drink at 5 guys casts near £16.

The burger alone is nearly a tenner. 
What... The... Fuck...
And I assume the chips were still undercooked. That's why (and I hate to say it) I go for the fries to make sure I get cooked fried potatoey goodness. 
I got cancer this year and also found out I can't tolerate gluten anymore for some reason. The gluten intolerance in definitely worse.  I'd pay anything for a decent burger, the gluten free stuff is revolting. What I wouldn't give to be able to eat something as simple as a cheese and tomato sandwich.
"£9.50"? You mean "9.5".
£9.50? Don't think I've seen one for less than about £19.50 lately! It's when it breaks the £20 I get really pissed. 
£9.50 doesn't seem to bad. As long as the food is of £9.50 quality and the establishment is up to scratch, I'm happy.
Must of been in Surrey
Fuck me if you paid that then your a bellend.
Triple fried anything smells miles away, and it is distinctive, unpleasant. Sharpen up your instincts. 
Plus the added issue of being forced to eat food cooked in Britain. Seriously-- your food is just terrible.
It's worse when you get on the bus when it's empty at the bus station and have to slowly watch it build up and up, squeezing more and more people on to the point that if the driver had to break suddenly at least four people would die. Then it's sloooooow as hell to get to your destination because you have to stop at every. single. stop because there's always someone who wants to get off at each. And yet there always manages to be a shitload more people getting on at the stops than those who get off. 
Those inconsiderate arseholes!
This morning I was waiting patiently for the bus, when a totally different bus turned up, and we were told the original had broken down, so we had to get this one. Which was completely full. And took 90 minutes for what was a 40 minutes journey, because it went through about 7000 villages first. I was very late for work. 

I hate public transport in this country. 
Get on the one that's usually directly behind it. 
The Sainsbury's ad is even more ridiculous. They say the best thing this Christmas is yourself being with family as opposed to lots of expensive things from Sainsbury's this Christmas. Kind of defeats the point. 
Way too many long "feel good" Christmas ads this year. Collectively, they've killed the goose by overdoing it.
It's got a mince pie in it. I believe they probably sell mince pies.  
  
I actually enjoy the ones that aren't straight adverts, especially if they've got Robins in them.
Hope the interview went well regardless.

Was it a company that is likely to have relations to France somehow?  Possibly someone from the company had been affected by it or something.
For France? Whats wrong with France?
GAP insurance is a life saver
How much damage did you do? How much is the car worth? 
Bummer, so near to Christmas too... 
Best get a bike then. 
We are British. Therefore embarrassed by the outpouring of emotion such an announcement brings.
Heard it too. Pulled the car over in a layby just so I could stand and salute as they played the national anthem.
I've heard them from time to time, so yes, they do exist -  unless we  share a paranoid delusion, natch.
I heard it this morning as well, you're not alone
Have you ever tried to find one of these announcements on iPlayer? Maybe the announcements could be found an hour in to that day's Today. 
"Every time I click my fingers. A child in Africa dies"

"Stop clicking your fucking fingers then"
I dont care ewan i just dont care....
Keep well away from Crunchy Nut Cornflakes. You have been warned!
Maybe it's a drugs front?
It's 10 degrees in November - r/britishsuccess
Mine's a 99 flake. Chocolate sauce.
Pfft, Who DOESN'T want a Calippo on a Sunday evening in mid November?
Junkies still need their skag regardless of the weather.
Drugs.
10 degrees? Look at Mr. Double digits over here
'Granddad, do you remember when they used to call the Weed Van the Ice-Cream Van? Did everybody do it? That's cute'
10 degrees is positively tropical, get a 99 while you still can.
Got to admire the driver's work ethic!
damn it, now I want a mint feast!
Never too cold for an Oyster with Chocolate sauce and nuts
Ours comes at 7.15pm. I like to tell my kids it's the bedtime bell.

The only people I've ever seen buying from it are the students up the road. Definitely drugs.
This idea of ice cream van in Winter = possible drugs front scares me.

I've never hear of it till now, and actually do frequent to ice cream van when it comes in winter. People probably think I'm a druggie now. 
We had the ice cream van come at 18:31! But I got an Oyster with raspberry sauce and a flake and sat in the warm front room and ate it so I was happy enough
whatever the time of year, our street is visited by the ice cream van at 7:30pm whether it is the height of summer or the depths of winter
Mate, mines a 99, with a flake and loads of monkey blood.

TWO FUCKING QUID ARE YOU TAKING THE PISS?
having to endure any advert.  
It's like british marketing companies know exactly how to irritate us.
How so?
Was the videoclip or song Never Gonna Give You Up by Rick Astley involved in a way that people weren't expecting because they were expecting something very different?
Just seeing Rick astley isn't getting rickrolled
Have you tried Absolute 90's , you can guarantee you'll get Oasis or the Stone Roses within 10 minute's of tuning in!
Make your own Radio X playlist in 3 easy steps!

1. Pick a song by: Richard Ashcroft, Kaiser Chiefs, Twenty One Pilots, Kings of Leon, Biffy Clyro, Foo Fighters, Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds, Red Hot Chilli Peppers and Artic Monkeys
2. Select a random classic rock track (either Guns n' Roses or AC/DC, your choice)
3. Press shuffle, repeat, then play!
In the sun-sheeeeiiiiine, all of the teeeeeh-yime, won't you beeeee meeeee-yine etc etc. 
When they play the stone roses - I am the resurrection, they mention that it's 8 minutes long. I wish they'd do the same for oasis, Richard Ashcroft, and coldplay so I know when to turn back. 
/r/viztips 

Show it some love! 
Viz still going strong - I think the last edition for year (with free Calendar!) out at the end of this week. 

And, yeah, some of us were laughing at it 30+ years ago, still laughing now :) 

One of my old favourites:

To save time when talking to guys named Steve just call them Ste.
And you feel the need to advertise the radio advertisement about the tv advert?
The fucking sun is a rare astronomical event.
Here's a tip - you shouldn't believe in any astrological event.
check tomorrow - the main point is supposed to be about 8pm.

but it's only 7% larger than usual, so it's not that easy to see the difference. 
Astronomical not astrological.
I saw the moon about 6 months ago and it looked massive. 
I don't know what all the fuss is about total eclipses of the sun. We get one in Britain most days.
If you mean the supermoon, it happens yearly. It can be a little more super than others, but it's not like supermoon/lunar eclipse rare (which happened last year)
Up in the highlands the other day, got told not a lot if light pollution so would be able to see loads of stars. Cloudy all week !. 
You've dented it in the middle so now it won't roll about properly.

Amateur.
Is this a legitimate post matching the theme of the board or are we going to start the bullshit "war on Christmas" nonsense? Are you going to just accept that shitloads of religions have events around the same time and "Happy Holidays" and "Holiday Season" can be used?
For some reason this reminds me of my mum, she won't watch nature documentaries because 'they're horrible' but will watch programs featuring graphic depictions of surgery, childbirth or watch those 'true life' movies that may feature any of the following: kidnapped children, sick children or child abuse.  
Newsflash: Nature is brutal and heartbreaking. But also stunningly beautiful. I suggest the author of that article stick to something a bit more light hearted if they can't face the reality of nature. 

Although I couldn't help but feel the Snow Leopards weren't exactly helping their own existence if every encounter ends up in a near fatal scrap!
I thought it was the lefties who were meant to be the spineless crybabies? It's nature, suck it up Daily Fail.
Well, we could just shoot them.
Jesus fuck what an article. 
I was unaware of it but read it just now. 

What was it about? What is their aim for this? If it's clickbait, well I suppose it worked. But I'm having difficulty with understanding the thought process. Are they just wanting website views or wanting to turn people against Attenborough? It's not like he's been putting animals together like some kind of cockfighting ring. 


Ugh. 

Looks like the Mail has got me this time. Consider me miffed. 

I'm also annoyed now that my phone considers the Mail to be a valid source of "News" and I've tried my best to purge it. But now I accidentally forgot to use incognito mode and I know I will get endless articles from the Daily Mail site on my feed. 
That's treason.
Just read it, too. Well that was a rollercoaster! Hopefully someone's taken pity on the poor, sensitive soul, tuned his telly to Cbeebies and hidden the remote.
Daily fucking Mail. I wonder if Hopkins will make good on her threat to move to Trumps new kingdom?
Can't imagine it would cost the producers too much.
And don't forget they will have a googlebox episode of her family watching her. 
She's also a radio presenter on Capital North East but she got that for being on Gogglebox so yeah she's no celeb.
I didn't watch it last night but did look up who the celebs are. I've only heard of three of them. Scraping the barrel these days.
Fun Fact: My cousin's shagged her and I live walking distance from her house 

Fun Fact Extra: I found out about her from hearing that news rather than gogglebox
"Celeb". If acting like an idiot to get you on TV is being a Celeb then Whatever but it just makes teenage girls copy the behaviour. It's annoying as fuck. 
If I'm honest, she's the only one in the lineup I recognise. 
She was funny so I'm not really arsed 
How is gogglebox even a thing? Who watches other people watch tv? 
Aye she is a fuckin ledge though, one of my favourites on Gogglebox. Especially now the posh couple is no longer in it.

Fuck knows what the fat Jewish family us doing on there still, annoying doesn't cut it.
The only news I pay any attention to is what's posted here and in /r/UK. With a bit of common sense, the bullshit quotient can be satisfyingly low.
Has their campaign of hate got worse in recent years or are they just getting more attention? Serious question.
Ed Bears

^(Yeah, you try and make a bear pun on his name; it's not easy)
It turns out Jungle Book was a documentary.
I honestly think i'd enjoy it more if they just had members of the public rather than Z-list celebrities. 
I only know Larry lamb (Eastenders, gavin and Stacey), Carol Voderman, ola off Strictly and the actor off Emmerdale who's brother is Ryan Grimshaw off Corrie but that's about it. I always thought I'm a celeb was incapable of scraping the barrel but this year they've proved me wrong. They're going like celeb big brother. 
I am a human being in the jungle, get me out of here!
It would be great if there was a celebrity version of 'I'm a celebrity get me out of here' <<<<<< Joke stolen, but I can't remember from whom.
And who are those two fucking mugs presenting it ?
Oh god, I've got one of them too and I hate that! Every time I sit down to read the paper or browse reddit, i have to shoo my nosy heater away from starting over my shoulder.... And the times I've caught it twitching the curtains, spying on the neighbours...


take it to a different argos and try again

next time do click and collect and you'll be covered by the distance selling regs, far easier to return 
Unless the item was excluded from the 30 day returns policy, they're legally obliged to honour it, since the policy forms part of the contract of sale. Try again, with a different employee, and if they refuse, ask for their specific reasons and their name, so you can take the matter up with trading standards and their head office. Be polite but firm. Watch them either shit a brick and concede to give you a refund, or let head office sort it out for you, possibly with some vouchers thrown in to appease you. 
I thought it was going to be tonight? 
There are an average of 5 supermoons a year, this is not the first one since 1948.
[deleted]
I had that,  but only certain shops. 

Ripped the tag out and stuck it in the wife's jacket once. 
Once as a young rascal I found a stack of security tags. It was great fun surreptitiously dropping them into customer's bags and trolleys while they weren't looking and sitting outside to wait for the show. 

Also I had a set of headphones that set alarms off. Never worked that one out. 
There's probably a security tag left in it.
You shop as normal, and ignore the alarms.
[deleted]
Bought an ex library book on Amazon, still had the tag in. Set off the alarm at tesco every day for months carrying it. 
Excellent way to shoplift at Christmas. It's very busy, and you'll get waved out because you went off on the way in. 
Ladies on tills in Tesco = fount of technical knowledge.

Check to see if some scamp has placed a security tag upon your person. Under your shoe insole is a good place.
My first iPhone set shop alarms off if it had unread texts.
Network Railcard I presume? Minimum fare of £13 after 10am Mon-Fri, not valid before 10am Mon-Fri.
The point of the 16-25 card is to encourage leisure travel, it's not for commuting to work/college, that's why season tickets exist.

That's why there's a £12 minimum fare before 10.30am except during summer holidays. You'll still get a partial benefit if your fare is more than £12.
And on a school night!?!?! What has the world come to?
The school launches fireworks? 

On our open evening we made do with an assortment of powdered metals that small children held over Bunsen burners whilst we talked about how *this is how fireworks work children, now make sure you bring your child to this school parents.*


I miss the chocolate sponge that came with pink custard.
Are you baking it in a tray that serves 50 at a time? 
There's a recipe for jam roly poly and pink custard [on the graun website] (https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2008/dec/10/school-dinner-recipes). Chocolate sponge and green mint custard is another one to look out for.
When you've never tried custard before, and now regret the many chances I had in primary school to taste it.
My primary school tomato ketchup was amazing. I've never tasted anything as good since, not even Heinz.
Tinned sponge and custard mate.

Or you can do steamed sponge and cheap powdered custard.
You could try sending a freedom of information act request?
That shit all used to come from centralised govt suppliers,same as hospitals. Hit up a cash n carry..Bookers or Makkro if you have one near. Find the cheapest bulk catering sponge mix they have,ditto custard powder & I reckon you'll get pretty close. 
I'm looking forward to the supposed snow too. But I know I'll hate the ice that follows 
Snow is great for disrupting your way to work for that one day when you want to stay inside and work from home. But black ice is great for breaking legs!
I cycle to work and for the love of god please no snow I may actually die.
"I'm fluent in sarcasm"

"I love to travel"

Congrats bitch, you're unique as fuck. Have a cookie. 
Pack your bags 
The lime doritos were probably really really cheap.....nobody willingly stocks them.
Some lunatic decided it was fine to vape on the bus I was on the other day.
I've noted an increase in people vaping / e-cigaretting in places where they are not supposed to. Just yesterday I saw someone walk into a shopping centre and make a big fuss over pulling one of them devices out and doing whatever it is they do with them. I presumed they were just angling for someone to comment and a subsequent fight about rights, entitlement, etc.

As a considerate vaper.....these kinds of vapers annoy me. 
Saw a dude blowing immense Vape clouds at Rainham (Essex) Tesco the other night. Looked like he was trying to disappear. 
Wouldn't bother me if it was outside.
its illegal to smoke on the train/at the station...its against company policy to vape
I actually love the smell of second hand vape. Even though it's 'not allowed' to do it where you shouldn't, I don't really think it's wrong. Just water vapour right?

Not a vaper/smoker BTW 
Sorry. 
There should be an item limit on those things.
Alternately people with baskets who seem to harbour some form of... perpetual terror... triggered merely by the thought of using a self-checkout machine. 

This begins a self fulfilling prophecy, whereupon the terrified person in question forms the idea that they are completely unable to operate the self-checkout.

When they are presented with the opportunity to use one, they immediately shut down and become too flustered to operate it properly, causing potentially embarrassing errors which only serve to continue the cycle.


The real problem is you can't hear the tutting over the "Unexpected item in the bagging area".

HOW WILL THESE PEOPLE LEARN?!
I do this sometimes. Two reasons. 

One, I don't see why I should carry all my shopping in a basket if it doesn't fit properly; e.g. pizza, flowers, baguette. 

Two, I find the interaction with the machine far more rewarding and enjoyable than expecting and largely not receiving any audible interaction with checkout staff. 
ASDA have started putting in self checkout lanes specifically for people with trolleys.
Unfortunately this is something my mum and I did the other day at Morrison's. Only had a few items in that could easily have been put into a basket, but I fell out of a (stopped) fairground ride and busted my knees. Needed the trolley to help me walk around. It did cause a little obstruction and awkwardness but the normal checkouts were rammed. 
It's not even quicker to do it that way for lots of items so I fail to see the logic with these people? Must be thieving? Literally no other advantage
Some old woman did this and blocked half the self-service machines in ASDA. She was literally buying 3 bowls and did not need a trolley at all .__.
My answer is this

Bollards

Like what stop wheelchairs and buggies going up escalators, put in a set of bollards set at margins narrower than a trolley but easily let baskets through or over

Simple!
It's not real bacon anyway.  Just a sort of flavoured wheat starch type of thing.  Same with the flaky onion bits.
Egad it just isn't a Morrison's salad unless you cover it with enough bacon bits and crispy onions to cut your mouth to ribbons
As a person who works at Morrisons. I apologise. 
I want to know who it was that complained to OFCOM when one of the girls got a bit carried away and fingered herself.

"Hello is that OFCOM"

"Yes how can we help"

"Well i was just having a wank while watching babestation , when suddenly to my horror she pulled her knickers to the side and started vigorously rubbing her clitoris."
It only takes you one viewing to realise they're never getting their tits out and that the internet exists. 

Which only begs the question: how are they still making money?
Babestation is to Pornhub what Ceefax was to the internet... i.e. it's mainly for old guys who can't work computers
What's worse is when you flick through the channels for a giggle and recognise the usual faces. That one girl who looks like the annoying woman from the SCS adverts must have been flashing her baps on freeview for a decade now.
That eery feeling when you recognise babestation girls when out shopping with the missus
[deleted]
Maybe it's a different John Lewis advert.
Iceland is the most underrated supermarket IMO. Their adverts are shite though
I can't handle the amount of Christmas porn there is on the telly in November, at least wait until December! 
 
It's a grim time of year when I can't eat with family without being exposed to lazy Yorkshire puds or a shitty 'Iceland banquet'. I usually have to be quick off the mark with the tiny spring rolls or I go hungry. 
Aah..Aunt Bessie's,for when you're too fucking stupid to mix eggs,milk & flour. 
Dammit I used to love those as well! 
You could eat the straw?
Holy shit I used to love those things. I could get through an entire pack in one go, they tasted amazing. 
This is obviously so you can have a carrier bag with your dental product purchase for exactly £1. It's pure genius!
My local poundland sells products for over £1!
Why do they do it in poundland? I'm guessing you're in England? I thought it was just supermarkets in England.

I know it's in more shops in Scotland.
I'm sorry but I am struggling to think how else you would cut bread. Do you mean from the side?
Nonsense, all sandwiches must be cut diagonally, it ensures a superior crust to bread ratio.
I think we need a picture
Turn it sideways, mate.  Job done.
hot dog
Do you have the full flank of a single sausage showing, or a little row of half moons?
You missed the most important point: what sauce did she put in it and if it wasn't ketchup when are you seeing the divorce lawyer?
Do you mean she's given you a full length of sausage ?
Top down, hwat?
Thats what is more commonly known as "sods law"
Get a bus pass son. You'll never look back. (First and stagecoach also do some £1 buses down that same route)
BOOM!
And there's now even a Celebrity edition which is **even** better!
Arberhrbrhrbrbbrrbb 200 pound arbsbebebeaverbrbr
I find it annoying because that is time taken up on Dave that could be better spent showing repeats of Top Gear when it was good, or Mock The Week from 2013
A while back I [discovered this interview](http://www.digitalspy.com/tv/ustv/interviews/a571899/storage-hunters-stars-brandon-and-lori-tell-all-we-are-real/) with Brandon and Lori from the US version. They mention a few amusing things  about the background of the other buyers on the show. When you read it, suddenly the behaviour in the auctions makes a lot more sense!
I've never watched it but a while ago, while sat in the hospital waiting room, a couple came up to me and ask me if I was Drew from this show. They said I was the spitting image of him. I Googled him up when I got home and found out I actually look nothing like him. 
the US version is a real guilty pleasure. The UK one in comparison is dogshit 
Heavy D is what every man should aim to be.
I used to watch the US version quite a lot back in the day, it was a entertaining and surprisingly informative despite being so exaggerated.

I caught some the UK version recently and they are not even trying to hide that the show is fake. It's impressively bad, it's like a parody of a parody. 
MONEY!
You mean the containers and storage lockers that are filled by the shows producers and passed off as something else by a guy badly pretending to be an auctioneer?
200 BOOOOOM
The boom guy, heavy d or somthing. Is a proper actor (he was in duck quacks don't echo, and has had parts in short films and adverts) . 
They don't even try to hide the fact it's completely fake. 

Blah blah blah blah 500 PAWNDS blah
i like the big black bastista woman
BOOOOM!
The Mine woman pisses me off.
Throw away your ~~television~~TV Licence. 
It's my guilty pleasure. 
It's what I crank to.
Now I'm going to have to watch an episode.
Man... Chabuddy G should either go on it or just host it
I hate how the profit margin calculation is just guesswork
Actually, it's not from laziness. Mail for local deliveries doesn't leave mail centres until after 6am. The mail has to then be re sorted at the delivery office ready for delivery. 

This has been happening for years and just about every postie I know prefers the old method of "post gets delivered at breakfast time".
My dad's a postman, it was better when the mail was delivered early, cos he'd be finished work shortly after lunch time. 
1pm? You're lucky.I often have post arrive as late as 4pm!
Come to Glasgow where they recently **extended** the Sunday hours of the Subway for Christmas season to run as late as **20:30**!
Look at Mr popular over here. 
A friend's father (admittedly a Frenchman) would shame over stayers into leaving by offering orange juice.  Not sure whether it would work on this side of the Channel. 
Oh gosh. 

Never thought of this! But then on the flipside, you won't have people crashing at your place as much? Maybe? Awwww
I think the Daily Mash got the definitive word on this one:

[People excited about Christmas adverts told about rest of human culture](http://www.thedailymash.co.uk/news/media/people-excited-about-christmas-adverts-told-about-rest-of-human-culture-2016110811669)

> PEOPLE who cannot wait for big shops’ new Christmas TV adverts have been told about books, films and art.

>Amid growing anticipation about whether the John Lewis advert will feature a lovelorn reindeer or a sad robin, people who love cloying corporate sentimentality have been informed about humanity’s other cultural output.

>Professor Henry Brubaker of the Institute for Studies said: “For many centuries before high street shops started creating 30-second seasonal narratives to sell jumpers, mankind has been telling stories.

>“These stories were written down in books, which are stored in libraries or on bookshelves. Some of them are pretty good.

>“Museums are another good starting point for learning about the things humanity has created that do not involve an animated creature breathing on a window and then drawing a heart in the steam.

>“Fuck it, even Netflix has some good stuff on it.”

>Mother-of-two Nikki Hollis said: “I actually tried to get the book version of the last John Lewis advert but apparently it doesn’t exist.

>“I hope the new one is about an otter who falls in love with Rita Ora and they have little half-human festive otter pups. Then they all go up in a balloon.”
It's stupid. They are always *stupid*.

Why does the little girl stand there like a melon just because the dog got into the trampoline first. Why does *everyone* look on speechless because a dog found it's way into a very-easy-to-get-into trampoline? Why do animals want to get into a trampoline to begin with!?

And last years, that one with the old guy stuck on the moon. Yeah, thanks for sending me a telescope so I can feel even more miserable and alone trapped on this rock while you bastards carry on having fun! Would it kill you to get in touch with NASA so I can get off this moon?

Why am I seeing has-been celebrities buy cheap shit in supermarkets when even they can afford decent food?

WHAT DOES A DOG AND A DUCK NEED WITH TOILET PAPER!?

*grumbles*
Everyone asks me if, no when I see it. When it's near fucking Christmas becca! Not fucking November! And take down the shitty fake Christmas tree you've got up. Harlot 
It was David Mitchell on Radio 4. This should be in r/norfolkproblems. For those not in the know Happisburgh is a North Norfolk coastal village and it's name should be pronounced Hays-borough. Aneka got challenged to paint the lighthouse there in the 90's also.
I remember Happisburgh from a geography case study
I heard a southerner say Edinburgh as Ed-in-bu-ruh
Your ancestors were envious of the French and their letter dropping ways.
To be fair, how the fuck would you know the correct pronunciation from that spelling?
Ha, I actually enjoyed it. His partner has balls of steel to let him throw her around like that. 
*sigh*


Ed Balls. 
I think you're looking for r/britishsuccess
With the way the thing are going in the world at the moment I am thinking of placing a bet for him to win Strictly.
He's having fun and it shows. Sometimes folk just want good old entertainment - and that's what he's giving. Good for him, and well done.

Ed Balls
Here we go again...

Ed Balls.
I had to explain that adults eat the dark ones, kids eat the milky ones.
Ew, milk chocolate is for skrubs
I remember when they introduced the mobile app way back when (I was actually impressed they did such a thing, this was like 2010)

I got on the bus, showed him my ticket and he goes "... What on earth is that?" "My ticket" and spends 2 minutes playing my phone and then shouting into the radio about it.
And they're striking tomorrow. Pricks
I get asked to show my disability bus pass near enough every fucking time because they don't believe it's me on the card. Arriva drivers are tards most of the time.
You leave DimbleBoy alone.
Bit late, but there was a commentary free broadcast on the red button (there usually is)...

(Sorry for not getting here earlier. I was instructing my aunt in the ways of being similarly commentary free...).
Or alternatively this is a British Success; I no longer have any reason to buy the Daily Mail! 
But what am I going to give Junior for Christmas now...
/r/BritishSuccess
yes, even in matters of racial hatred we need foreign companies to show us the guiding moral light

good luck getting british firms like M&S or John Lewis to follow their lead, they're ok with funding hate speech apparently

the racist newspapers still are the most popular ones, that's the kind of country this is 
EU loving foreigners steal British construction jobs!
I took a look at the stop funding hate page. What 'hate' are they on about? [sincere question]
But I like lego :(
Like lipstick on a pig. Clothes can only do so much to change appearances.
As a fellow Gloucestrian / Cheltonian, you might enjoy [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/cheltenham/comments/4air4x/cheltenham_raceweek_bingo/).

Edit for formatting.
prior experience with drunk people is staring to make me think that drunks are drawn towards pigeons like some kind of magnet
Ugh, lived in York for a while, don't go into town on race-day.
I love race days. My boyfriend and I went to Champions Day last month and spent the day chino spotting. 
The real problem begins at the word "Primark"
I once saw a Minotaur in the local Primark in my town, it dissapeared behind a tshirt stand heading towards the bras. 

I also went into the main Liverpool Primark on Christmas Eve and when I finally got out it was already the next year...
You got as far as the checkout?  I usually trip over the mounds of clothes on the floor and get buried under a pile of more clothes.
I wouldn't say the exact same tune, but there's certainly inspiration there.
It is just the collective unconsciousness running out of original ideas.
meh, I played the song to hear it, and haven't stopped listening to ELO since. Damn you, I wanted to watch the F1! 
Sweet sixteen, Chuck Berry:surfin USA beach boys,
Airport, the motors: world of sport, or grandstand theme,
Can't think of any more except maybe 1920-30's Mississippi blues, anything by led zeppelin....

Same goes for the old catchphrase theme tune and the song from the film St.Elmo's Fire.
One of the houses near me is either having a fuck off massive bonfire or I should probably call the firemen 
Same here. Fucking annoying when I hear more than there was on bonfire night!
I just had to turn my TV up to drown out all the bangs outside :-(
Ditto. It wasn't even raining here last Saturday so no fucking excuse. Got scared pets second weekend running. 
Dear, do you want a cup of te...*piiiiiieeeeeeeeooooooow poff*
Its weird. On bonfire night (and the next few days) I didn't hear that many, a few going off here and there, obviously neighbours letting off a few rockets. Even the official fireworks display on the racecourse seemed pretty quiet from where I live (about a mile away)

Last night however someone had obviously got a hold of Howitzers and tactical nuclear warheads because it sounded like a warzone. Its been a week since Bonfire night yet they seem to bring out the big guns now? 
My husband was staring angrily out the window trying to figure out who it was last night. "Number 24! They're *setting them off in the street!"* He was absolutely nonplussed when I told him he couldn't call the police: "It's not illegal ... and it's 8.30pm."
Bonfires are pretty hard to forget, and who has loads of them lying around?
When i was a youngster we would keep loads for random times through the year. Nobody expects a load of fire works to go off at 4am on a Tuesday in April . I often look back on those days and think what little cunts me and my mates were
I can have relate. I just posted the same thing. (Subsequently deleted after seeing this post). 

There are times for this: 5th November to the nearest weekend and new years celebrations (including new years for other cultures like Diwali) 
For anyone that's confused and doesn't understand - which I'm sure there are many of you - condescending means to speak down to somebody, to patronise them. 
You could try community radio, if you lack the necessary inflated sense of ego and a condescending tone doesn't come naturally to you.

However, you'll have to be obsessed with a particularly obscure musical niche or somehow be able to summon the gravitas required for presenting a six part series on the various types of manhole covers found across the city.

In both circumstances you'll need an occasional guest named Geoff, possessed of the most nasal voice in history, to further delve into your chosen topic for your seven listeners.
All you need to do is google a statistic, like '30% of women admit to not brushing their teeth if they are in a hurry' then drag it out as a mystery phone in segment as you ask people to guess what 30% of women admit to doing when they are in a hurry. Then read out a few tweets, run a quiz titled 'guess the mystery noise' and play Simply Red once an hour. Piss easy.
[deleted]
I can't get over that username 
You could fill out two hours with a heartfelt tribute to Leonard Cohen whilst despartely trying not to appear you've never really heard any of his records.
How do all radio presenters have that same voice?  Like I assume the men are all white clean shaven middle aged a bit podgy 2.4 children perfect fucking everything shiney happy queen constantly playing pricks
Have you got the compulsory radio presenter voice that they all seem to copy?
Try radio Norwich, a-ha. 
Long time listener, first time caller... 
_cough cough_ Nick Ferrari 
I lived next to a local radio DJ before moving to the UK and he had an ego the size of a house. He thought all the women were in love with him. 
I was thinking this exact thing about Chris Moyles yesterday.
How about podcasting? If you have a subject you like to talk about you're practically there already.

Oh and condenscending might be appreciated there too.
Choose a political bias, go as extreme as possible to that side then debate it anonymously on the Internet for a bit.  It works for everyone.
LBC is full of them. 
Was it an advisory speed limit thing? We have signs saying "twenty is plenty", which at least rhymes.
Were they watching Channel 5 documentaries about children?
There was a chinese takeaway in Stoke when I went to uni that had a sign outside stating "we are open Tuesdays" with no further explanation 
Enough for what?
Picking up anything in a pub toilet requires a certain type of courage... Well done!
It was a proper nice Sainsbury's Canvas bag!  if it had been one of the slightly thicker plastic bags you get for 6p now I'd have left it, but when greatness like this comes along...
[deleted]
Each bag is tied to the purchasers soul.

By taking that bag for life, you have taken someones life.

Let's hope it was someone from the government >;)

(I forgot, they lack souls)
good on ya
Why are you frequenting public loos? Is your own broken?
I'd give you some of mine if I could, I have loads of the fucking things cluttering up my cupboards.
Ewww......
ETD also take 24 hours to process. They will only get you to your destination and are only valid for specific journeys.

You really need to make sure you don't lose it with the last two days of your trip.

I'd also recommend never carrying your passport with you during the day. Have a photocopy and another photo ID, but never your passport unless you specifically need it for some reason.

Finally, this is what travel insurance is for. The consulate is not there for your every beck and call.
I hear your frustration, but they're there for the big things like prison visits to make sure you're getting legal representation if on a criminal charge.  Sadly governmental cuts mean they can't run a 24/7 holidaymaker care service.
Ed Balls
[Offered without comment.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Czqtjk_iGFU)
I had a dream that we had sex when I was fifteen and still in my school uniform the other night. Woke up feeling very distressed. The man needs to go. 
The band knocked that one out of the park! Also those lifts... I wonder if they broadcast it on a slight delay this week in case he dropped her on her neck?
Fair play, that was genuinely enjoyable. Respect to him. 
Umm.. For those uninformed, do politicians typically perform on reality television in the UK?  I feel if they did in the US, they do not have a career in politics soon after...
That was not how I expected that sentence to end.
/r/BritishSuccess 
Good.

It's about time we finish what we started in the 70s.
I thought brexit meant brexit!
Add much as I logically agree that metric is the best format, we can't deny that there's something truly British about measuring things in miles and metres.
/r/BritishSuccess
No luck catching those killers then?
You could always watch Bourne Identity. There's one Bourne ever week
It must be *Shaun of the dead* week
It's getting close to Christmas maybe Back to the Future is on?
...pub? 
Alas, The Mummy/The Mummy Returns/The Scorpion King is sure to be on.
I'm sure we've been stuck in a King Kong loop for about 6 years 
Ahh, don't worry, it'll be on 2 or 3 times next week to make up the deficit.
Have you checked ITV3?
It must be The Fifth Element week (every second and fourth week of the month)
the cornetto trilogy DVD box set is only £7 off amazon.
Hmm Mid November ..... Should be Jurassic Park every Sunday evening. 
Well at least About a Boy is on.
Maybe it's being held back for the greater good
Yarp
I don't think they've spammed the live-action Flintstones film or Sister Act for a good while now - perhaps they're going retro?
[HD Obligatory [OC]](https://gfycat.com/UnhappyPoisedBronco)
Is The Fast and The Furious: Tokyo Drift on?
Most charity shops will have it, honestly, I look every time I go charity shopping and whatever area of the country I'm in there always seems to be > 50% charity shops with Hot Fuzz in them!
Is it on Netflix?
Maybe it's because Catwoman is on. 
I remember when it was The Mummy or True Lies that were on pretty much every week.
Sod's law mate
Don't worry if you like I. Robot, it's doing it's rounds on Film 4 tonight.
Might it be on ITV catchup?
It was Carry on Spying wasn't it? It was Carry on Jack last Sunday.
You'll just have to watch die hard instead
GREAT BIG BUSHY BEARD!
What is the world coming to? Next they won't be showing a Bond film on Bank Holidays.
Brexit.
Nonsense. There are only five placenames in Wales:

Cardiff, Swansea, Blaenau Ffestiniog, Llanfair PG and Rhyl.

Everywhere else is called Cwm.
> "So it's L, L, then another L, look just keep typing Ls I'll tell you when to stop"
[deleted]
When Indian call centres first started doing rail enquiries I was given directions to the wrong place and had to explain that half the place names in Wales start with Llan. Now I use Traveline Cymru and have had recommendations for nice pubs to wait for a connection.
Cymystwyth is a favourite. Also Ynysybwl. My favourite for trying to say out loud is the ancient Gwynedd kingdom of Arllechwedd. 
*Are* you having a stroke?
Can you say that Welsh village that's the longest place name?
Are you not?
I love hearing people try to pronounce Welsh town names XD my old area manager was from Birmingham and hearing him say Llanelli was particularly hilarious. He just refused to learn how to say it after being ridiculed at a few different stores...made my day...
I'm Welsh... but I hate our language, it is so hard trying to say names of Welsh towns, etc. to someone who is English, even worse if they are not British.

Try saying a Welsh town to an American "dude, are you fucking with me?" 
Learn to drive so that the seatbelt goes over the other breast.
put it on your handbag.
You should only charge if you have over ~250 employees.
What kind of a skaff asks if you have to pay for a bag?! We all know we do, why even ask? 
It's like 5 fucking pence. People who moan about 5p bag charges are cunts.


I particularly ~~like~~ ~~hate~~ despise the ones who act all triumphant when leaving the shop "Yeah i fucking told her I'm not paying for a fucking bag" like some kind of freedom fighter.
Seriously, how is this even still a thing? It's been a year. Have they ever got a free bag in that time? Why are they still asking?
How about "Would you like a 5p bag?". 
A few shops say that around here.
Am I the only one that enjoys it? I hate big brother and all that shit but I'm a celeb at least has an interesting concept and it must be hard for them.
Buy her a Walnut Whip, that'll cheer her up.
How is this a problem? I think we all have
Can you ask her to pass me a tissue - I've just read it and now I'm a blubbering mess.
We all are. 🐕😭
I casually brought up Whippets, and my husband asked if I'd seen the Walnut story. I hadn't. I now know what it is, but I avoided it or I'd be crying too!
Fuck. Now I have cried over Walnut twice today. Thanks
Lucky old Walnut. When my time comes I will have to linger on in increasing pain and decreasing dignity until some arbitrary time when they will "withdraw medication".
Urm whats so special about this dog?
So it's the literature version of Jeremy Kyle?
For Christmas?
I gather that Katie Price hasn't even read her own autobiographies
Is that what you kids call it these days...
Excellent idea - what did he do with it?
All anyone wants to talk about is brexit, despite my best efforts
I love people paying with change. I have to order that stuff in and the more people pay with the better.
If you pay with notes they have to count the change that they give you back though?
They like the float to be full of change though. Don't feel that bad, if they don't have change, how would you ever get any back?
My usual reply when being given a ton of change "It's all money".

It really does come in handy, beats having a till with no change & then having to screw about.

*Unless it's someone handing over the money to my hand one coin at a time. Screw those sorts...*
You're not alone. My son used to collect hundreds of pounds of change at a time that way. Now that more can be done with contactless paying he has smaller piles of coins about.
I love you for this.  I work until close so I'm the one who winds up counting all the coins in the till. I DO NOT WANT YOUR 20ps! If there was ever a damn time when we were running low on 20ps it'd be because the god damn world was ending. THERES SO MANY!
Some (most? (All?)) banks have them change counter machines now anyway. Collect it all up, dump it all in, no problem.
I once paid for a bacon sandwich in 1p coins.

I *was* polite enough to put them 100 to a bag in those little plastic bank pouches and count it all beforehand, though...
Because it's a beautiful piece of heartfelt poetry.
Fly you fool, first tut loudly and say fuck it I'll walk to the conductor, then leave to applause 
If you're on a VTEC service, you can get Delay Repay! Just send customer service an email with a picture of your ticket with your address and they'll send you a 50% refund (for a half-hour delay) in the form of a cheque.

Source: was in customer service for VTEC until they fucked off to Geordieland.
I had this issue yesterday. I shit you not, it was preempted by the driver over intercom with this:

> There may be delays up ahead and we will be making slow progress as we have been reliably informed that there may be an animal of a bovine nature on the line'

As a Brit that has never seen a native buffalo or bison here in semi-rural northern England,  it actually made me question wether cows were the only animal of a 'bovine nature', and wether he was trying to conceal something more sinister. 

On a semi related note, does anyone else get to legitimately use the excuse of tractors and assorted farm animals when late for work? 
All aboard the British Problems Circle Jerk - replacement bus service
Sainsbury have yet to enter the fray.

If they suggest rubbing the turkey with a wolverine and serving it with deep fried turtles as a 'little twist' i'm done with them forever
I reckon we should have a referendum on which is the best one
The real villainy of these posts is that no bugger ever links the flipping advert in the body of the post. 
Can I take a third option and nominate the [TK Maxx ad](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wiLvMb0xio)? 
For anyone else, the advert is here:  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V5QPXhStb5I
I thought it was shite and that the John Lewis one was much better. Sorry.
My fiancée (American) and I (Brit) live in the US and were sent a group email from my British parents with a link to the John Lewis ad. She is currently quite nervous that she somehow insulted my parents by not expressing exuberant joy over it. She's not even British and yet somehow has caught my British guilt, damn this advert!

Edit: joy not job
Why would any child send a letter to Mrs. Clause? 

So unrealistic. 
Terrible? Sir I respectfully disagree. Retract your statement. 
Theres an aldi one now but i havent seen it yet
Nah mate Buster the Boxer wins. Jake's a little cunt. 
Not a word about the JL one. That ad makes me smile every time. Haven't seen the M&S one yet... Back in a minute
First Brexit, now the Christmas ads..
I'm still devastated by the one with the penguin. That's an overstatement. I'm actually still devastated by the christmas ad with the World War I trench warfare. That's an understatement.
The only Christmas Ad I care about is the Coca Cola one...
Has the man on the moon quit his habit of peering into girls' bedrooms?
I think we're all forgetting the most important part about this stupid Christmas adverts war... It's bloody November...
I think terrible is pushing it a bit
Are you joking? The m&s one was terrible
No idea how that advertises M&S

Also, how does she get through the door?
Why is it that John Lewis don't ever feature Father Christmas in their adverts? The fact that you could see the Dad assembling the trampoline rialed me before it really got started. its as if they are denying his presence, how obnoxious!
I keep my jam jars in the fridge and they don't go furry even after months of being open
Don't put buttery/crumby knives in the jam then.
Knife for butter, use a clean spoon to dollop some jam onto the  toast but never it touch the bread, should make the jam last for as long as you need. 
Jam shouldn't be going furry for ages, it has so much sugar in it. Maybe you are getting butter in it and that's what is going off
Opened jam goes in the fridge and uncooked eggs do not. Schools do not teach us enough.
I remember when I was a kid, my gran peeling back the furry stuff, which she binned, then carried on eating the rest of the jam.
"Refrigerate after opening." They say that on the label for a reason.
You don't put opened jam in the fridge? What kind of animal are you?!
As everyone else says, put the opened jars in the fridge. Also try buying the kind with the most sugar you can find.
Buy all the tickets, then the shitty cheese from Iceland will be yours!
You need to have a positive attitude dude. 
I'm panicking when I'm DOWN to my last 300!
r/smalljarproblems
Sainsburys red label which I think are really nice, come in little foil sleeves inside the big box. 
Your first mistake is using PG Tips. 
2 words . Ziploc bag.
Man.. I was brought up on pgtips :( 
How is that a problem - do you normally buy tiny boxes of tea bags which all fit in your tea jar at once?
NO STOP IT, PG TIPS ARE WEAK. You need 2 bags to get a decent brew, and they STILL taste horrendous. Get some Yorkshire tea down you!
you strange strange man
The cringe was Clarkson chatting up Little Mix.
You're talking about two of the worst shows on UK TV there
Toilet brushes are horribly unhygienic!
That's why I bring my own when I go on holiday.

Good ol' Brushie-Brush. 
How else are you meant to break Mister Hankey's back?
You have to use those wasteful 'wipes' instead that don't break down like toilet tissue and cause potentially massive problems for the drains.
^^^^I ^^^^didn't ^^^^get ^^^^round ^^^^to ^^^^buying ^^^^one
hi britain first will be hearing about this

vans are being sent round
Get an A4 sheet of paper and make a temporary one.
... No respect...
My Mum buys two spares for this very reason. She can't bear to think what people in public will think of her if she's not got a poppy on in November, not because she's all about keeping up appearances but because there is this pressure to wear one.
I warn you not to use that feeble excuse, I'm afraid it won't wash.
I live alone and don't have a job right now, I didn't even realise it was remeberance day until yesterday afternoon
I lost two poppies today. It was attached to my coat, fell off when I was walking outside. Rinse and repeat.
Or you could tell people to mind their own business.
Depends on the context for me. The media have got away for years by quoting "experts", who might as well have been just some guy in the pub who happened to have an opinion.
.com is intended for commercial websites, not any particular nation. 
.uk.com oh no...
Most UK companies would prefer .com over .co.uk..Much wider reach.
I don't think you're going to find any British companies who haven't also bought up the .com domain to their address. Otherwise they'll be missing out on visitors (from people half-remembering their address) and open themselves up to the risk of someone else registering it.
Still disappointed with BBC moving across to .com, they were the last bastion in my eyes. Sniff
Yet companies like Google and Amazon have .co.uk domains too, they're not fooling anyone
I'm confused
As a Web developer, a bit of me dies when a new client buys a .com, transferring them is so hard in comparison to a .co.uk
I always hated that UCAS was at UCAS.com - shouldn't it have been ucas.ac.uk?
.co.uk 4Life, blud
I like him on In and Out of the Kitchen
Crap I've just realised I've sent a work email out at 11.01, highlighting the fact to everyone that I completely forgot to observe the silence this year.  
I lost my job for observing 2 minutes silence.

That was my career as a 999 call handler over for good. 

You remembered them in your own way, poisonous gas was a huge killer.
Could you not have turned it into the last post?
I was shopping in Aldi when I noticed everyone had stopped and was staring into the middle distance. I was really freaked out for a moment, like in some kind of bad sci-fi where everyone else freezes in time and their eyes glaze over. I asked a shop assistant what whas going on and she said "Two minutes' silence."

Oh shit. I totally forgot and looked like an ass weaving between observant grannies to reach the coffee.
I will still asleep, so technically observed the silence
We were driving during the two minute silence.

Unfortunately it was ruined by my other half trying to get on a roundabout  saying "fucking indicate then, you massive cunt"
Someone in London honked their horn in the two minutes silence being broadcast live from Trafalgar Square.
I was pooping, if it makes you feel better. At about 3 minutes to 11 it was literally a case of go now or shit myself. By 11.05 I was telling the toddler not to hurt the cat. I figure I can do my own remembrance / silence later when the child is sleeping.
I was in my school's  sixth form centre and there were two guys loudly discussing Pokemon. They got the hint after all the dirty looks.
I was at work advising a customer all of a sudden she just said "You have to be silent", about 30 seconds in my phone notification goes on, (which is Shia LaBeouf shouting "Just do it!! btw) she gave me such a look and after the silence ended she walked out. Turns out the message was from my friend, telling me I had to be silent. Cheers mate. 
Does everyone's workplaces observe it? I've worked in a couple of offices and neither one seems to make a deal of it, I always try and remain silent, but sometimes someone will just engage you and you can't exactly ignore them. It does annoy me.
I work in a supermarket. They announced twice we'd be doing it, then once more at 11 to say it had started and yet some people were still pushing their trolleys around and I could hear someone somewhere talking. Everyone else had stopped and was silent so you would think people would get the hint and shh, it's not like stopping for two minutes is going to ruin your day.
I was bleeding during the silence. At least the doctor's appointment was easy to remember.
It's almost as bad as the two guys in my office who spent the two minutes complaining that that the fire alarm went off. Only to realise when it went off a second time that it was meant to be the 2 minutes silence 
I was leaning against my desk during a daily stands up meeting, thought I'd let one slip quietly.. instead my bum cheeks, squeezed together by the table trumpeted up the small of my back.
It's ok, there's another one on Sunday, see if you can restrain yourself then
As long as it was a silent one.
Boss told us we could take part in the 2 minute silence at 10:59. Mid conversation with a borrower, sadly the gave not a single fuck so I had to continue our conversation. 
Bonus points if you do it into a bugle.
I completely forgot about it I was too busy revving up my stone saw at work cutting through concrete. Oops.
Reminds me of the "Sex, Death and Nudity" episode of Coupling.
People in my office didn't even observe the silence. Some of us did, but a couple others kept nattering away
dun'a Trump. 
I was leaving a seminar and heading to another one that starts at 11 with some course mates and only realised as we'd walked up 5 flights of stairs in a busy uni building. 

It was awful. We observed it but something felt wrong about walking. On the other hand as scores of British students stood still; a number of international students walked around and talked not really knowing what was happening.
Fuck you. I stood up when the fire alarm went off and shouted at everyone to get up. I'm a fire Marshall at work and wasn't notified of a drill and was convinced it was the real thing
Gas gas gas
yikes
I think you mean you trumped. 
I went to watch the memorial service at the cenotaph in Edinburgh a couple of years ago.

As the military band was marching off past the thousands of members of public, first minister, army top brass it was clear something was amiss.

Over the sound of bagpipes came a parade ground roar:

***BANG THAT FUCKING DRUM!!!***
Ours was slightly difficult to stay serious for today because the builders outside were singing the Fresh Prince intro.
Saluting Trump in the minute silence?

Brave!
It's all stupid anyway. The Armistice took affect at 11am *Paris time*.
My American colleague started talking at 11:00:45... The next minute 15 was responses from a Brit, and a German and another Brit talking. 
I want to downvote you for disrespect. I can't because it's funny. 
Last year, I had forgotten all about the two minutes' silence.

I only realised after I had barged my way through a mall full of shoppers stood perfectly still, into a café full of silent customers... and then I tried to break the silence by sitting down next to my friends and mimicking a cartoon-esque tumbleweed sound.

I'm a fucking idiot. 😔
During the silence we had for the 11th September attacks at my school (showing my age here) towards the end of double English Language and just after the bell to signal the start went my friend let one off. To this day I'm convinced it was partially deliberate because he seemed really proud with himself and of course myself and our other friend got caught in a giggle loop with him.

Most uncomfortable attempt at a silence ever. And afterwards our teacher singled me out and said "I expected better from you SupervillainIndiana!" You're really not allowed to fuck up when you're considered a "model" pupil!

I guess my point is for a few people you potentially made that silence memorable. Not necessarily for the right reasons!
2 minute silence?
edit: nvmd, google.
FOR BRITAIN! 
This thread is disgusting, these people died for you and you repay them with this, you're a cunt!
For fucks sake
Have a child. Very useful for those sorts of situations 
Tut, typical.
I shudder every time I see or hear the word 'Cuppa' but I feel you pain 
Ya know without fail I do this every night. Make my Mrs a cuppa for bed then it's PC time for me. No shit I leave mine on the stairs or in the kitchen every time, of course realising I've left it somewhere after getting sat down and sorted. Maybe one day I'll remember. 
I regularly do this and attempt to use my powers of telekinesis to retreive it. Apparently I don't have any powers of telekinesis :(
Gets up, grabs cuppa, sits back down.

"Hmm, could do with some biccies. *Dagnabbit!!*"
You utter tit.
This is the first one of these that has not just made me laugh, but cut to the quick. 
Unless you were snoring.
A few years ago someone in my class didn't hear the bell go for the two minutes silence, and started talking halfway through after being hit in the head by the blind. The class was not amused.
Have yourself a cheeky little Christmas......
I have absolutely no idea who is going out to eat on Christmas day, I don't know anyone that does. Don't get me wrong I enjoy the dozen or so warm up dinners you need to have and I am happy to eat them out, I do enjoy the really shit ones at spoons, but not on the day itself!
I used to work for nandos and got told by a customer I was ruining her families Christmas because we weren't open. 
I feel sorry for people working there on Christmas
When I was a kid I think the Turkey was either dropped or burnt and we had to get a chinese in. Probably my favorite Christmas dinner actually although I'm still pretty impressed they managed to find one open.
Worked as a waiter for a few years in the late 90's. Can confirm that A LOT of people eat Christmas dinner at restaurants. 
It does depend on the location of the Nando's if its an area of people who don't celebrate Christmas... 
I used to think going out was a bit weird, but last year I spent half of November in hospital and it turned out almost all of the nursing staff I spoke with have relied on pub, carvery & restaurant Christmas dinners in order to have something nice in the past, and it made me think.

Christmas dinner at Nandos, though? Ew, no.
Both myself and my children have done hospitality- Christmas Day is booked up in advance and is usually heaving. The only consolation is that most places offer lunch on pre-booking and close for the evening. Most local pubs then close Boxing Day. 
Here's a list of all the McDonalds which were open last Christmas Day

http://www.mcdonalds.co.uk/ukhome/whatmakesmcdonalds/articles/which-mcdonalds-uk-restaurants-are-open-over-christmas.html
We were thinking about it this year as both my mother and mother in law passed away recently, but we decided it would be weird as we would be miserable and everyone else cheerful. 
Jesus fucking Christ, can you imagine eating Christmas dinner at Nandos?
"I will have the roast chicken wrap with lemon and herb, chips and a *water cup*"

Yep sounds perfect.
> cheeky nandos

FTFY
Booked in at the beefeater this year, but only because CAU at the docks has been fully booked for months. You win some you lose some.
Perfect for if you want a shit christmas.
I was off today but a girl in our office berated my husband in the room next door for not being quiet (she did it by email whilst she was observing the silence). My husband asked if her office was in a different time zone as it was only 10.40. She was a bit embarrassed. 
The 'silence' in our office was somewhat marred by the cacophony of unanswered phones.
It could have been [worse](https://www.reddit.com/r/britishproblems/comments/5cdyzy/farted_during_the_2_minute_silence/) 
Did you try to grab it one the way down and in doing so cause a lot more noise than if you just let it fall?
two minutes! one is sufficient otherwise the tea gets a bit mild
What's wrong with th...

oh
I've seen two posts today about 'remembering those who thought for our country'
And #RememberanceDay

pls spel proply init
It's the only time of the year where anyone including the less eloquent use the word "lest"
And #RememberanceDay. :(

People died for people's right to incorrectly respect them.
lessweforget is kicking about too
Well, at least they're making their token gestures really token.
I'm trying to think what least we forget could even mean!

Like does anyone ever think about what they're saying anymore?
Someone on my facebook posted "Least we forget (insert poppy symbol) <3"... I'm not even joking.
At least autocorrect didn't change it to #letsweforget
No no no no no no
 #spellinggate
I forgot all about things trending on Twitter. I didn't even realise they had it anymore.
I watched *Mordecai* last night, does that count? 

Tried growing a mustache once. No one noticed while I had it, no one noticed when I shaved it off. 

I may not actually exist, though.
Those of us that *can* have a full beard these days.
It's partly because facial hair is now so fashionable so loads of blokes have already got moustaches. A pal of mine is doing it - he's a tuba player and prefers prefers to be clean shaven normally. 
I thought the message was anti male suicide?
I'm normally bearded, and normally participate in Movember, have raised a good few hundred quid over the years, but I simply forgot this year. 

I didn't realise for a few days, and as it takes me a couple of weeks to really kick in, and I had a couple of meetings lined up, I didn't bother. 
Full beard here! 
It's MOVEmber now, you're supposed to exercise for awareness. Get with the program. 
If you like I'll start waxing mine so it's more obvious I'm doing it for Movember instead of just being bearded. 

My friend shaved his beard to have a hulk hogan mo 
Movember is in aid of Male Suicide awareness, men are overwhelmingly more likely to commit suicide so this raises awareness of that and encourages men, who have historically been encouraged to bottle their feelings up until  breaking point, to talk to people before it's too late.

However they can't be doing a good job if loads of people think it's a cancer thing.

Edit: I stand corrected, it does look like it's a general men's health thing, maybe the emphasis changes year to year?
You can buy [an entire ready to eat cooked chicken for £5](http://www.tesco.com/groceries/product/details/?id=290315714). Admittedly not quite as portable, but guaranteed to last you longer than 25 seconds (pro-rata on price) or 1 minute (pro-rata on weight).
Top tip: To save money on Fridge Raiders - apply a mix of lard, breadcrumbs and salt to cardboard that has been left to soak overnight. You'll find the taste, texture and nutritional content to be identical.
They are both disgusting and delicious in equal measures 
Sainsbury's sell "chicken panang bites" on the deli counter. They're pretty much exactly the same thing, and are about £1.50 for 100g. Much better, and taste less like lardy, salty breadcrumbed cardboard too.
Asda are doing 14 chicken dippers for £1.50. Granted you need an oven to cook them.
You only get 4 bits now?

...why did it take so long?
So called because you'll be immediately raiding the fridge afterwards to get some food.

Be better off going into poundland and buying whatever random cooked meat offerings they got.
Be careful eating them too fast, I nearly broke a tooth on a large bone in one. Not had any since, it was a bit off-putting. 
I paid about a quid for a snack pack of nuts and raisins and seeds. They went in about 30 seconds, turns out the recommended portion size was about a quarter of this tiny bag. I worked out I had about 500 calories and a whole fuckton of my daily calorie intake. Healthy my arse, I'd have been better off with a cheeseburger. 
As my son always says, "Mum, can I have some more? I ate it too fast."
For a better value proposition: Just eat a packet of ham slices with your fingers like a heathen.
Usually you can buy bigger packs in the refrigerated area where you buy party sausages and stuff
For £2 you can get fresh cooked ones from the deli at Morrison's
Come on man! Rookie error. Get them in the meal deal instead of crisps..Watch the price come down by £1.57 after discounts and eat your free chicken! 
The one time I ate Fridge a Raiders I had a weird allergic reaction, got covered in hives and ended up having to take some rather strong antihistamines which knocked me completely sideways for almost 24 hours.

6/10 might try again.
They are legit such a ripoff. The fried chicken ones are so good though...
I always skip the fridge raiders and head for the branston bites! teckle!
Reminds me of the goddamn Burger King at Charing Cross. I was _starved,_ and it was the first place in my line of sight, and those chicken strips looked alright -- wait, _four chicken strips and some shitty dip for five bloody pounds??_

It just isn't right.
Think I'd rather eat a 70p Peperami and actually taste something
They are a guilty pleasure, but they're only really worth it when on special offer.
you absoloot mad man!
you monster. 
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
/r/madlads
Today I discovered that Hank Marvin is well known enough in the UK to sell frozen chicken nuggets. 

In the US, Hank Marvin is known to primarily only to guitar geeks.
Straddle both central lanes.
The idea is to stay in the rightmost-1 lane so you force everyone into the rightmost lane to pass you.

On a 4-lane road they are, in order, lorries, slow cars, you, idiots.

/s
The far right, apparently. 

I swear to god if I come across another person doing 65 in the outside lane of that stretch I'm going to pretend I'm on a bumper car track.
midlane hogging on the m1 is counterproductive, due to the amount of HGV's overtaking each other at a glacial pace. 

Clog up the fast lane with everyone else doing 60mph, while the hardshoulder lane is left deserted. 
Do what I do and drift back and forth between lanes 2 and 3 for that pleasing slalom feel.
The second to right lane. The fast lane is for 80mph and above. Technically you can hog the fast lane but only if you're consistently above at least 80mph but 85 preferably, even then make way for the inevitable Audi going at 95mph. Middle lane is ideally 75 mph and above if there's space in front of you, but don't make a habit of undertaking those in the fast lane as its not the safest thing to do. And don't be a dickhead and tailgate if the person ahead is doing 70-75 mph in the middle lane. Overtake on the right lane if you want to go faster.

The other two lanes are only for lorries and slowies. Or if you're getting off soon I suppose.

Mostly it all goes to shit with the traffic and consider yourself lucky if you can get to 70mph at all. And eventually you'll find yourself in The Suck, the endless 50mph zones with narrow lanes.
I realise there is a lot of /s in this thread, but my god, the amount of fucktards middle lane hogging on the M62 really boils my piss...

...and the A1 and the M180 and the M18. Cunts.
Both middle lanes. 
Ah, I see you've entered the world of recursive parcel collecting, from which there is no end or escape.
Just to add to my original frustration a bit more, this is only a couple of weeks after RM broke the top of my pot off to hide a parcel behind it which was supposed to be signed for WHEN I WAS IN. Photographic evidence: 

http://imgur.com/a/sJw5I
Ah, what an accurate portrait of our grand national parcel delivery services! 
some suggestions

1. send everything to work
2. order everything on the same day and book that day off work
3. don't order anything
4. become a hermit and never leave the house
They're all bloody useless of late.

Yodel delivered to our shop three days running, i was shocked.

Fourth day, A'Manager nipped to post office for something (about seven shops down the road) & came back with an unexpected parcel that had been dropped off there, that she could barely lift.

Yodel had dropped it at post office, that opens after our shop does & most likely had a queue.

Go figure...
How the hell does this even happen? 
A mile away? My closest which was a mile away turned into 7 miles.
Did the machine tell you to stop or staff?
I would like to thank this thread for making me aware that supermarkets are yet another place that I need to *avoid like the plague* come 11 a.m. on 11/11. To summarise (in a lengthy fashion) the way I think about this day:

* People in the armed forces died for things I now enjoy. For this I am grateful.
* Someone (or multiple individuals) decided "hey, we should do something to remember them by", conceived the whole thing about donning a red flower with a thorn and having a moment of silence to stand in remembrance of those who died. This is also fine.
* Nowadays I see poppies handed out by service people. I find this practice to be coercive and mildly intimidating. "Hey you, why don't you have a poppy? I could die for your sins, you know! **Why aren't you wearing your MANDATORY FREEDOM POPPY?!?!**" (This is of course an exaggeration that only plays out in my head)
* I'd feel more comfortable with civilians collecting for poppies. That would demonstrate civilian thankfulness for the service of those in the armed forces.
* About that moment of silence. It's no longer simple act of remembrance; it has become an oppressive ritual. God forbid if you are not completely silent in every possible way for the next two minutes and so help you if, for reasons beyond your control, you make a noise ([relevant thread](https://redd.it/5cdyzy)) or cause a noise to be made (like OP). Prepare to be chastened by the overly-righteous-silent-people for your crime. You will be glared at, tutted, and generally *oppressed*.
* Not one of my family or friends has been wounded or killed in any war. Next to none of them are in the armed forces. Therefore it shouldn't be inconceivable that I don't feel any emotional attachment to the members of the armed forces who died. *I have absolutely no idea how it feels to lose a loved one in a war* so I can't empathise with you. That none of my family or friends have died in war is largely due to the success of the armed forces in keeping them safe.

I once worked at a place where an announcement system "invites" you to join a the two-minute silence. Let's be clear, that was not an invitation; you would be silent or you would be ostracised. You could hear a pin drop during their silences; I know this because I tested it with the pin from my poppy. That pin was *loud*. After said silence, people complained on the internal forum that someone was typing during the silence. They spoke (typed) as if the person responsible had just pissed on their son's grave out of spite.

I feel better having gotten this off my chest. I'm relieved my new job at a small company is not so fussed about all of this.
So why not just put the item down to stop it? 
Fucking robots, no respect!
I had one today ask me if the price of the item was correct. Never seen that before. I don't fucking know machine! I bought a lot of shit!
Why didn't you just turn down the volume on the till?
Someone should have thought to program the machine to become dead silent at precisely that date and time every year. Can't be particularly difficult to achieve.
The exact same thing happened to my mum a few years ago, she had to endure two minutes of the whole of Tesco glaring at her as the machine nagged her about 'unexpected items' and asking if she 'wished to continue' while she stood there helplessly.
A voice of dissent in a land of mass jingoist hysteria.
You know you can mute the machines.
You should've said "Then tell your machine to stop talking, it wasn't me!"

Wait, did she show you a sign stating you had to be quiet, or did she *tell you*?

If she told you, I hope everyone glared at her.
That machine needs to be "retired". 
If they're a cunt I don't say thank you.
I have always just assumed that those drawn to be a bus driver despise people. They have sought out an ideal way to have people dependent on them at their mercy, with the exposure to people seemingly serving to just feed their anger, contempt and hatred. Thus, if they were not as you so eloquently described your driver, they would not be bus drivers.
If I don't want to thank the driver i just say 'jizz' quickly instead of 'cheers', sounds the same.
I've never got the thing about thanking the bus driver. Nobody thanks me just for doing my job! 
I'm sorry but why is nobody addressing this?

You live in a Hat Museum. Are you a hat?
Do you live in stockport?
It's 2 minutes....
Accidentally talked during the silence today. Was discussing a project with my boss and neither of us noticed the time. 

I feel really bad about it. 
Whole of office could hear us so will come across as really disrespectful. 




> live in a Hat Museum

Do they know?
I was in a shop at the time and some old trout was complaining about the delivery times of some blinds she wanted to buy throughout the whole 2 minutes. I tried a polite 'Shhh' but she was far too embroiled in discussion with the poor sales assistant who I couldn't help but feel sorry for.
Had a customer come ask me something. I was so torn between helping the guy and respecting the fallen. 
They let one off in my town as well, where from is unclear and nobody's seen any balls going loose. Just to add to the irony of the cannon our fireworks are always on rememberance because otherwise they interfere with the posh school who must always have a thing on the weekend closest to the 5th. Wankers.
Ready salted goes best with lager just FYI
At least you had a cannon. Ours was drowned out by fire alarms, because someone thought the best way to mark the start and end of the silence is with a really loud, annoying noise.     

By the time the first alarm had stopped, it was almost over, after which they did it again.
I work in a hospital and got a phone call at the start of the silence, it was from a nurse on one of the wards who was probably so busy she didn't realise but I still felt pretty miffed.
I think that if I were the ghost of one of the unfortunate dead, I'd think people were taking the piss a bit marking it with a canon. Probably one of the last things I'd want to hear.
80s style fairy liquid bottles made the best water shooters for water fights. 
No, it's good when kids want to be creative and use their imagination rather than only play with factory-produced toys
Luxury, when I was a kid we had to make do with old razor blades and dead rats. Not that that stopped us from having fun, chucking dead plague-ridden rats through old Mrs 'iggins kitchen window......etc etc etc
Just decant the fucking liquid and give him the bottle.  ffs...
It is not even rocket shaped
Why don't they empty the sodding bottle when it was close to the end into another one?
You'd buy one when its like 1/8th left so you don't run out.
That brat was chancing his arm to get his father to some how give him the bottle. If he really wanted one, he could just looked through other peoples' recycling.

Fuck him and his spaceship.
Kids can't make anything out of the new shaped bottles anyway so it's pointless. 
I hope they gave him some "sticky-backed plastic" to hold it all together.

Seriously, that confused the hell out of me as a kid.  Took me ages to realise they meant Sellotape.
I've said this before in other threads, but please report this to the company you ordered from. Also, I would definitely report this to Yodel as well.
If you've got his mobile number then sign him up for cat facts.
[removed]
You didn't have to post it, your username makes that obvious. 
Screw these other guys, the quality of the music and the members' ability hasn't changed. I don't agree with what he did obviously, but listening to them isn't even close to supporting that. 
Sounds like a personal problem than a British one.
Do you support Jimmy Saville and Gary Glitter as well whilst you're at it?
megalolz
I did this with a clothes shop the other day, I looked at one ridiculous price tag and was about to leave before I realised the only other people in there, the staff, would realise I'm a tight cunt. So I had to wander round pretending to be a picky cunt instead to save face.
or when you dont have the right change you just walk out ashamed of yourself then get the right change go to another shop where its more expensive
C2c display an 8:00 train which is "On Time". The time is 7:56 and I've just paid for my ticket (yep, my smart card is broken 2 weeks into using it. Cheers lads). Walk down the steps to the platform and my train just left. At 7:56. And the next train is at 8:18. Fantastic service, keep it up lads.
Well it's southern rail everyone including it knows it's bad.
Yesterday morning my train was 10mins late and the trains before and after were cancelled.

Southern reported a good service across the network.
That's a sign that you are a good person.

I tip my hat to you.
2 minutes
How much are they there?
I used to work in a Morrisons. Every fucking year you'd get someone just continuing their shopping and talking while it was going on. If you don't want to observe it then fine, but don't be a dick and disrupt it for those that do.
It's kind of sad that this tradition seems to be dying.
What tradition is dying?
We were sitting in College and none of us remembered, during the 2 minute silence we presume we were laughing at a fellow College mate who had volunteered to be sellotaped to his chair and pushed down the corridor.

2 MINUTES!!!

This is the third post saying a "minute silence". Its meant to be 2 minutes silence. Not 1 minute. TWO minutes!
Same here, I only woke up about an hour ago, I feel like I should re-do the silence at 11PM maybe?
Me too. Although I was asleep on purpose. I'd like to think I was quiet and not snoring. 
You were. Don't worry.
Tutting in the quiet carriage is bad manner. You should know better.
Also for people who bring babies/very young children into the quiet carriage.  
I'm American and was living in London during the 2012 election.  I had a very early train and was in the quiet carriage sitting agitated for several hours because the election hadn't been called yet when I left, and I couldn't call anyone while on the train.  Normally I love the quiet carriage but it was not ideal that morning.
It's not a library
I've found that Virgin Media's twitter team is a lot better, and do seem to know their stuff. I got onto them and they invited me to a private chat to sort out an account problem, but they seemed knowledgeable about the tech side of stuff as well
At least it's not plusnet mate
Data protection act, my arse. Can't be arsed act, more like.
One of my friends got punched by some guy on a night out, the police then collared said guy and asked my mate if this was the one who punched him. During this time, the guy is in tears due to the fact he's been arrested, so my friend lets him off the hook, says it was someone else. The police walk off and then the guy starts give my friend shit again calls him a pussy and walks off. Also happened in Birmingham coincidentally.  
I fell off my bike once trying to hop up a kerb, even though I am a grown woman and couldn't do it as a kid, let alone now. I got back up when I inevitably came a cropper, and looked round to check no one was watching, then when I'd limped it round the corner I phoned my other half and cried at him because my knee was skinned and it *hurt*. 
I fell off my bike a few months ago. I broke my shoulder, elbow and wrist. As I lay there tangled up in my bike, a white van slowed down and the window rolled down. I thought the guys were going to ask if I was ok, or maybe even help me get up.

What I got was "Ha ha ha ha ha, you wanker" and the van sped off.

Cheers mate.
*looks through thread* 

...huh. 

*scribbles note to self: Don't go to Brummietown* 
Oh dear. I fell off my bike once, I couldn't stop apologising. Possibly the most embarrassing thing I did all year. 
If it helps, I had a similar experience in some estate on the outskirts of Edinburgh.

And then some ned teenage girl tried to steal my friends dog of me, leaving me the problem do I strike them or not if they do manage to steal the dog of me. 

And how pathetic must have I looked on a cold and windy night in the Lowlands wrestling a girl over Scottish terrier.
I've had to turn it off... Chris Martin's attentive intensity was making me uncomfortable...
Michael Mcintyre would probably get vilified by twitter just for being on TV...
I bumped into a stepladder leaned up against the wall and told it to fuck off...
I am going to make it my mission in life to never actually see this fucking advert.  In some small, meaningless way I will have beaten the hype and bullshit.
Yeah I said this about that three advert with the dancing pony...turns out it's fucking real
The dog is trained.
Point out what? That they're Cute, Gleeful and Innocent?
Belendvitas are ok if you dunk them. Quite tasty and sturdy, they are.
Make a house of cards out of them. 
Who in their right minds buys some kind of weird biscuit for their breakfast? What the fuck is wrong with some people?
Wait till next year when its someone complaining about the fact that someone is complaining that it's too early for Christmas adverts.
As a person who doesn't understand most internet shorthand. Is this the definition of the word "meta". 
[It's called Lampshading](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/LampshadeHanging) and is usually considered a very lazy trope in narratives
Asking if it's too soon to buy mince pies. The pack probably goes out of date before the end of November.
Just seen a youtube ad for Bell's whisky featuring Steven Toast using the same gimmick.
It also features the line "to be fair, he did burn it off twerking"
But it's November, it's practically already Christmas.
Shaun* you plebian.
Out of the M&S, John Lewis and this, this one actually seems to reference things the shop sells.  Love it!
Odd - looks like the Piccadilly station and Victoria station icons are the TfL roundel, but the other stops are the generic tram icon.
Why do we have to have nicer things for guest? Or rooms we never go in, plates that never get used.

Is it our way of showing our lives are better than they are? Or using nicer things to celebrate when someone come round? 
That's not something to worry about unless your name isn't actually Aidan.
Your name is my name backwards. Are you an evil version of me?!
I think with mugs, the guest set is to stop strangers from using *your* mug, as opposed to keeping the fancy ones for best. 

If I catch anyone using my mug I get very funny about it. 
I just have three mugs and they are all mine because I'm married to a heathen American who doesn't drink tea (or coffee, oddly enough). On the rare occasion of guests, they are permitted to use my stripy mug, which ranks third and I only use if I've failed to wash up the other two in a timely manner. No one touches my "The British Empire Runs On Tea" mug on pain of death.
Royal Doulton with the hand-painted periwinkles?
You know you're old when Aidan's are 30...
[ah yes, the guest mug...](http://i.imgur.com/148ioXi.jpg) 
Hey everyone, look at this guy with all his fancy *guests*.
We have nice mugs that we never use as they can't go in the dishwasher. Seems they're purely ornamental because we're lazy fucks. 
My dearly beloved mother is about 80. A lot of her crockery and cutlery is worn out, chipped, or dog-chewed. I've bought her new stuff, but it's a dickens of a job to stop her categorising it as "for best" - I pretty much have to hide the old stuff. 

Next up - a commando mission to abstract and replace the washing up kit.
Worst of all, his name isn't Aidan, it's Robert.
I'm American and have over a dozen individual hand painted very fine tea cups that my father apparently sent home from England during WW-II.

I don't drink tea and as far as I know, nobody has ever used them for anything although they've been dusted every year since ~1945.

What do you guys use the fancy china teacups for? Am I missing out on something?



Next time, drink from one of the "guest mugs" on purpose, then go take a huge shit in the "guest bathroom", just to show yourself you're the boss in your own house. (Just make sure the wife is not at home first)
Oh Aidan! There's that Imperialist thought pattern again! You are worth the posh cup! Use it my man! USE IT!!!
Thirties? In the blink of an eye you'll be in your fifties. Trust me, I know. 

I was thirty years old just a couple of years ago, I woke up this morning and all of a sudden I'm 55. W....T...F...?
The answer's right in front of you, Aidan:

Invite yourself for tea.
huh, over 30 and I'm still using the plain white Ikea cups I bought when I moved. I have one big mug though for when I'm doing DIY and want a builder's brew. 
When we moved into a new place without a dishwasher we just kept our fancy plates and mugs on display and used paper plates and plastic forks for a year just so we didn't have to dirty them because fuck hand washing
My wife and I have a gorgeous Denby tea set that we have never used because it's for when we have a cottage (!), and a set of Denby mugs that are for use now but we never actually use them in case they get damaged.  

It's all very sad.
I keep the posh cups for myself. Guests are clumsy; guests break things.
Save for best!
When you answer the phone in underwear does your wife scold you for talking on the phone while you're dressed like that?
I read mind as maid, and was mildly confused.
Use the crystal glasses. Use the good plates. You might be dead next week, enjoy the good things now.
I actually found my parent's wedding cutlery in my dad's wardrobe I cleaned out after they died. I'd never seen it before and I was 29 at the time. It's beautiful, but I can understand why things like that are kept 'for best', they just feel too sentimental and pretty to use for cutting up your daily meals.
You daft apeth
See I'm the opposite still- my GF and I hoard the fancy things so our friends don't break them (usually when they come round it's for a party). 
You think in third person? That's pretty wierd.
aidan pls
This morning I thought, ya know peppermint tea, and plain yogurt with granola sounds like a great breakfast
One day you'll realise you're so old you'll change from Aiden to Alan and you'll start moaning at the TV when you're the only one in the room
When you're thinking to yourself why are you referring to yourself by your own name? Is there someone else you speak to using just your mind? Mutant! He's a mutant!
I think you should wonder why there's a guy named Aidan in your house drinking all your tea.
I'm 30 fairly soon but have already been doing this for the past 3 years.
When you are 40 you reach for a coffee cup and thing "why did that hurt my back?" Oh yea I turned funny yesterday. 
What is "a posh coffee cup" look like?
I think people are misunderstanding why people have nice things for guests.

It's not to show that your life is so good that you have to use that shit all the time, it's to show you that the guest is so special that it's worth it to use that expensive shit with them. 
Hahaha! I told my husband off last week for messily leaving wet towels on the living room radiator. True is was a Sunday night and about 9pm, but what if *someone had seen them*
Ah, those Sports Direct mugs. I keep them for visitors too.
You mean the slightly dusty cadburys crème egg mug at the back?
You can afford fancy cups for guests? Decadent b*****ds
Wtf? It's an old Celtic name!
Wtf? It's an old Celtic name!
Ok i was worried about being old at 27 but im really clueless about this reference. 
what a fag
oh, man. plus your name is Aiden. life is brutal.
'Aidan' -  yank cunt name.  GTFO this sub reddit filthy seppo
Surely broken rails are Network Rail's fault, not Greater Anglia's?
Can never be too careful!
If I'd known I'd have bought her a free gift; a charming carriage clock or a Parker pen.
1. happenstance/misfortune    
2. coincidence/carelessness   
3. enemy action/boojum  
To be honest they seem to have been quite absent in our area too. Not sure if it was a lack of volunteers or a deliberate wish to have, for some reason I could not possibly fathom, a subdued and low key approach this year. 


I haven't either.
I saw about four (including just the card boxes on a till) in Sheffield. 

In Liverpool, they were everywhere. Absolutely every street had at least one on, the train stations, everywhere.
Didn't see any sellers this year.  Bought mine from a pub.  They were also at the tills for the canteen at work.
This morning I saw a poppy pin on my desk, so I put it on my jacket. I get home from work and my girlfriend was totally looking for the pin this morning.

I didn't have to donate this year.
The offer has been getting cut back for a while.

When it first came out it was monthly, the dropped to quarterly.  Now it's gone completely .

Is my own fault though I have lost my John Lewis card.
The driver replies many times but I can't help but feel a little wounded if he doesn't acknowledge my "cheers" with a "cheers" of his own.  Even if it's at the bus station and a proper response from the driver involves responding thirty times.  
The last bus I went on the driver drove like a bloody maniac.  Haven't been that scared for ages. Made my displeasure loudly apparent by not saying "cheers" as I got off.
As a bus driver, Cheers. 
If you don't say cheers to the driver you don't have the option of *withholding* a thank you when they do a shit job. Letting the guy up front say thank you for everyone ruins your god given right to passive aggressiveness.
I dont say thanks but I do give bus drivers a take-away meal sometimes. 
The alternative is a continuous line of screw yous.

I think I'll stick with the gratitude, thanks.
what's wrong with her? It was annoying how they made her the official singer of London 2012 but her music itself is really nice and soulful and she seems like a decent lass herself.
It depresses me that I know who this is. The good news is that, although we'll no doubt hear the single with horrific regularity over the next few weeks, we don't have to buy said album...
Oh, you're off to my old town! Hope you enjoy your visit - and may the seagulls be merciful.

When we booked a family holiday to Glasgow it printed about 50 individual tickets/coupons... the guard on the Virgin Train just gave up checking our tickets  halfway through.
Barbers shops are closing? In my area if it isn't an estate agent, coffee shop or charity shop then it is a hipster style barbers opening up. 
My preferred barber still has old copies of Loaded and a big poster of Holly Valance. 
Plenty of new barbers here, filled with bearded sleeve tattooed lumberjacks. No copies of the Sun, plus I thought the only haircut available at barbers of old was a short back and sides - these have a bloody menu
When this happens to me, i also feel like i have to wave 'thanks' as i step into the road and again as i'm passing the car/getting out of their way.

And i'm terrified of making eye contact with the person.  God forbid i ever did.  i'd probably trip over and they'd just have to roll over me.
The quality of the standard paper poppy has decreased. I am sure when I was a Kid it took real effort to detach the black bit from the green stem.  These days you just need to give it a funny look and it pops right off. 
There is a newly built fire station out side the college I use to attend, once saw a fire engine struggle to get past the rush hour traffic in the morning. Which then had to got through a round about that was always gridlocked.
That's why fire engines have blue lights. Also everywhere in the UK experiences a bit of heavy traffic anyway around the rush hours, what's the difference between an hour's school runs each day and two hours of rush hour traffic each day?
Sim City I believe?
People were a week early as well, at least they're consistent!
Same thing was happening to me earlier; the other half commented about the bad taste of setting explosions off on Remembrance Day. 

I just hid under the bed with the cats until they stopped... 
Maybe they're 51 weeks early?
some people set them off for rememberance day....they represent bombs/shells but are now made pretty so it's kind of like a weird way of remembering those lost
Clearly you don't realise we are now in fireworks month. With a brief few weeks off before the new year fireworks commence for another couple of weeks. 
My aunt did this at my Gran's house, the silly cow.

I spent a week staying with my Gran and the whole time I was there I was wondering why the tea tasted like Parma Violets.
Someone at work refilled the PG tips box with a medley of whatever-doesn't-sell. It is like a tea advent calendar, only filled with raisins and cloves.
Sacrilege! The Tea Gods Wrath^TM will strike them down!
Must be a pleasant surprise. 
It's fine, both are shit compared to my ultra high quality university off brand asda teabags, you kno  what. Just kill m  now 
I think the law says this is the only crime for which the death penalty can be given

Have you got a minute to spare for cancer research?

Alright love but I don't think we'll get much done
"HI MATE!! HOW ARE YOU?! HAVING AN AWESOME DAY!? LOVE THE JUMPER YOU'RE WEARING! CAN YOU SPARE A FEW MINUTES, YOU AWESOME PERSON?!........ oh, fine then, you don't care"
I strategically place myself behind someone else and let them take the fall while I slip past. I know it's low but when you work in Holborn and the place is CRAWLING with the fuckers, you have to employ these tactics or you'll just go on a chugger beating rampage! 
"orite mate got a tenner for the disableds, whassat too good for the disableds is that it? orite then mate fuck off"

I fucking hate chuggers
Could the soundtrack consist of someone shouting "THE BIG ISSUE"
Just walked through my own town centre and the bastards have only gone and formed a wall of death/direct-debits across it
Round two: Avoiding people pushing buggies & not caring about the kids therein.

Round three: Avoiding cyclists on *footpaths*.

Round four: Never stepping outside ever again because *"fook that! I need a cuppa!"*
I love it when they come up to me. It always jarrs them when saying firmly "no"  and looking them in eyes. 
Chhhhhaaaaaaaaaannnnnngeeee
I've mastered the art of avoiding getting waylaid by chuggers. I look them in the face and go: "Noooooo I'm allriiiiight thaaaaaaaannnnkks" loudly over their spiel whilst never breaking my stride. Works every time. 
Level 2 would be outside Camden Tube station at approximately 18:00pm on a weekday. 

Add in slow-moving tourists and fast-moving workers (some of each looking at phones)


it would be like Frogger or that old Chicken Crossing game; only incredibly traumatic to boot.
I always tell them straight off that I'll sign a petition (depending on what the petition is of course) or maybe give them spare change but there's no way in hell I'm giving my card details to random person with a clipboard on the street.
They've started pitching up directly outside my office! Bastards. 
In my city most charity workers aren't actually charity workers...
I just flat out say no and keep walking. They can't physically restrain you and I couldn't care less if they think I'm heartless for it. 
I insist I'm skint. Which I am. For once it's convenient. 
https://youtu.be/f4CizzE-zZo
-Steps out of Birmingham New Street station-


"Big issue, Big issue"


"please donate for Help the hero's"


"Would you like a gym member ship mate"


"Change for the disabled" 


"Spare a minuet for cancer?"


They are like a swam of locusts if they even see you engage with one of these people.
I've got to the point now where I just hold my index finger up and waggle it, like I'm telling a cheeky kid not to do something. Usually works...
I had one walk up to me and try to stop in front of me (to get me to stop). Nope, walked straight into the dense git and carried on going.
I have two tricks for avoiding them, the first one is the classic get my phone out my pocket and look like someone has just tried to call me. 

The second is to tactically plan my walk, wait for someone else to get suckered in and then make a beeline while the worker isn't looking. It's kind of like playing Metal Gear Solid in real life!
Oxford St, December.


Fuck no. That'd be some GTA shit.
Why do they always have to dance?
Trying not to trip over the homeless people at the side of the streets! 
[deleted]
My two rules are never buy anything from a door sales person and never give out any details on the street,  if I can do it buy popping some change in a box and I have spare change okay sure..  But anything that requires me to talk to someone I will mostly go I will look it up online and make a decision,  if they are actually doing it for a charity that shouldn't be a problem,  if it's commission based or scam then they would probably try to convince me..  But if all else fails,  generally try to plan a path to avoid them or trap someone else if I can. 

I don't sign petitions outside either,  never know what kind of newsletter or other they will sign you up for as you usually have to provide address or email or both or phone number. 
If your VR character was Asian I guarantee it'd be like an invisibility cloak.
The semi attractive female ones are the worst, but with them I turn the pervert dial all the way up and see their minds change.
...someone hold me. 

I'm peeing myself, here. 
Not a haunted house like in black mirror?
I paid £3 for a badge that stays on my water coat. Now every time j pass someone collecting for poppy's I just chuck 20 or 50p in their bucket. 
They are on the floor of the bus and train station as far as I've seen. 
I bought a bracelet from them with a poppy token on. Much better than stabbing myself with those bloody pins.
Heart Radio had a two minutes silence. Which was the only time they weren't playing one of their five songs repeatedly. 
'...why is this blasted thing not working again?!'
It should be quite we have the radio on at work and there was somewhat radio silence with only sound scape sounds 
Ooooh, that is bravery!
Whenever I get one of these calls I answer in the style of a pirate/whaler.
Them: 'Our records show you've had a car accident recent'
Me:     'ARR but twas not a car. Twas me boat. I was sailing round the island of Nantucket when a great whale struck the starboard side....'

They hang up eventually.

This technique also works for PPI

Them: 'Our records show you were mis sold PPI'
Me :    'ARR But twas not PPI I was mis sold... Twas a boat. I was sailing round the island of Nantucket when I noticed the timbers were crawling with woodworm, and so was me wooden leg...'






It is getting beyond a joke now.

Very annoying, the fact that a call came from South Africa used to make it easy, now this!

I had a bloody PPI one from a mobile number the other day.

Think yourself lucky you aren't a salesman like myself, I have to answer every call on the work mobile for obvious reasons, it's getting very annoying!
I keep getting them from the area code I used to live in.  That and Manchester for some reason.
My voicemail has the recording of a 56k modem. If I don't like or recognise the number, I'll let the voicemail get it. 
Oh dear why is this a thing?  My only rule atm is only answering  numbers that are local or saved as private caller or out of area never is a good one..  I'm going to have to go to let them leave a message at this rate as except for a couple of times where their system is stupid and they leave a long repeating message of "to hear blah press 1" ..  No sales person or auto dialler seems to leave a message. 
I've had that today too. First time seeing it. Really annoying 'cause I was actually expecting an important phone call today so they kept getting me.
if anyone so much as touches my favourite mug there is hell to pay, no one else is allowed to drink from it.
Putting on my fair hat, were there plenty of other cups available?  The Britishproblemariat needs to know whether your flatmate was guilty of malice or merely heedlessness.  Anyway, I think she would probably benefit from a refresher course in domestic rules and regulations.
Do you not know how much a book of 6 first class stamps cost these days? Shut up and be grateful. 
You now can send 6 free complaint letters 
Id be on the phone telling them where to shove their stamps
Not a single mobile phone firm that I know of uses Royal Mail (their fixed prices made them uncompetitive when it came to insured special deliveries). Which raises the questions 

* 1) who sent you the phone and are they reputable? 

* 2) since all you got were stamps why wasn't it special delivery which comes with insurance? 

* 3) Was it even damaged you don't say?

Why are you complaining about compensation you're either entitled to none, or require none. 
Unless it was delivered with one of the options that includes insurance, you're lucky to get anything.
I'd complain to the seller/retailer/whatever. It is them who had the contract with Royal Mail, not you, and it is them who are legally obliged to sort it out under the Consumer Rights Act 2015.
Complain more. Thats your only option besides accepting defeat which is something I wouldn't recommend. 
What's the company? Have you looked up the address to see if it's a one off error, or an error unique to the company?
A US address?
Nope it's an error on the companies part as the address is in Feltham. 
Was it 

http://www.computacenter.com/

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computacenter

They are a UK coy. and have the yank spelling
Plumb Center?
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls 
Ed BaIIs
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls

Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed balls 
Ed Balls
Ed BaIIs
Ed Balls
Ed Balls 
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls. 
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls 
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
[Ed Balls](/r/edballs/)
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls.
Ed Balls.
Ed balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls.
Ed Balls
Ed Balls.
Ed Balls

Edit: Ed Balls
Ed Balls
**Ed Balls**
Ed Balls
Ed  Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls

Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed Balls
Ed balls
Eb Dalls
Ed Balls
Ed balls https://youtu.be/CVaaiwjRGNw
Ed Balls?!
What's a way to score goals without using your feet?
https://twitter.com/edballs/status/63623585020915713?lang=en-gb
Ed... Balls?! 
The internets a weird place. 

10/10 for title. Would read again. 

*Ed Balls*
Who had time to upvote all the Ed Balls posts.


Oh wow what a creative title. You must write for Russel Howard. 
What is Ed Balls?
[removed]
Edward Michael Balls
I love you guys
You watch strictly. You make your own punishments.
/r/EdBallsStandingUp
Make Ed Balls great again!
Do all the comments here automatically convert to "Ed Balls" or something?
I love how the majority of this thread is just 'Ed Balls', never change r/BritishProblems 
You do realise this classist attitude is why nobody liked British imperialism, right?

Oh FFS;


***ED BALLS***

You better now? Shit. Shit. SHit!

Were you deliberately trying to make us think you were talking about Trump?
R/britishsuccess 

Your dad went to buy you milk so you didn't have to go anywhere without a cup of tea!
Your dad is the sort of person who puts the Great into Britain. I salute him, and I salute the superior genes you have inherited. /u/vario_ for World President!
Wiseman.
You should have gone for him. He gave you life. You could at least have got him milk. 
Milk, unfortunately, is the one ingredient you can't back up in an emergency stash type thing - I keep a ziplock of teabags and some sugar sachets swiped from Costa for emergencies (one at work, one in drawer at home). Powdered milk just doesn't cut it I'm afraid - it's an insult to the tea.

Your Dad is the hero here....
omgomgomg

I recently realised you can freeze milk.

you have to be careful defrosting it - you can't defrost it in the microwave as some parts of it start to cook. Standing it in a bowl of hot water is best (if you're in a hurry. If not just leave it on the counter). Shake well before use.

So I just pour some fresh milk into a little mini bottle and freeze it, so at least if I run out I can still have 2 or 3 cups of tea before I have to go to the shop.

Your dad is a hero though. I would definitely do the same in that situation. 
Is this the English equivalent of the Dad going up to the show to get cigarettes and never returning or did he happily come back
Britain doesn't need to be made Great again. It has been, is and always will be because of the heroic actions of the few.  
this is why I have an emergency carton of long life whole milk

not great milk but better than skimmed or nothing
Your dad woke up early enough to save you all from a tealess morning, that's /r/britishsuccess .
You just drink it black. If you think it tastes horrible then try spending more than a couple of pence per teabag rather than buying ultra economy 500 bag packs etc. Buy teas from a specific region. 
And they say the economy is in trouble, when this guys throwing around extra 20p's like there going out of fashion.
Neither are they shared 
I visited my dad recently. He is having his roof done and asked the roofer if he'd like a brew making. Obviously, the roofer said yes and then went up his scaffolding to take some measurements. My dad made him his drink and then shouted him that it was ready.

The silence was unbearable as me and my dad sat there waiting, watching the coffee get colder and colder, only to be disgusted by him returning 30 minutes later and sipping his lukewarm warm drink like it was fresh the kettle.
Really the key is to prepare you bathroom with a slightly open window (giving the mental note of "that can be opened more without being rude") and a fragrance spray visible when sitting. 
The clear solution is to insist on joining him in the toilet. Silently gazing at him and judging.
If they're back tomorrow, hide the loo roll.

Or failing that, take out your x12 ply cushioned, aloe vera infused bum sheets and replace it with the coarsest, cheapest and thinnest loo roll that money can buy. 
Builder shits are equivalent to chemical warefare. I was considering phoning the Geneva convention when i was having my extension done. 
greggs shits are the worst
I swear it's all those full English breakfasts they eat.
They done it on purpose. I mean, I would. 
Plumbers I could understand,  having to make sure it's working correctly. 
damn looks like you got toilet cucked
You must be new money then. 
Put it on eBay
Sell it on Facebook marketplace.
I  still have not touched a new five pound note. i think i'm the only one in the country.
If you're looking for a literal answer, the BBC newsroom is below ground level and it's hard to see outside from there.
It's winter; there is no sun.
Them not having windows might be the problem. They could be using apple
Lord Mayor's Show in rain almost every year ... do they not realise?
I won't even answer the phone if I've got a tea on the go.
You need one of those phones which can initiate a fake call if you surreptitiously tap one of its buttons four times while it's in your pocket.
I recently had a superior stop me about something he felt was important just as I was about to go in the toilet for a poo. I was stood right outside the toilet with my hand on the door the whole time and as I type this I'm starting to suspect he knew and was just fucking with me for his own amusement.
I lol at this . Lol 
It was better than last years but no where near as good as the one three years ago. 
OOH! Me! Me! I did that! Actually I think 2013 was the best they've ever done and I'd genuinely be happy to see them use it next year
That's my mate Pete's mums dog, I rang him this morning to tell him his mums dog was 'trending' on twitter and to take the piss that his mums dog has achieved more in his life than him.
The ALDI parody was better than last year's. 
the fact that people give a shit about an advert makes me weep for humanity. 
Even the comments were better last year.
It wasn't as good as last year's.
I'm just glad they didn't use a raspy voiced piano cover of a popsong.
didn't even like last years, pulls at the strings too much

it's not advertising then, it's emotional blackmail 😒😒
I dunno, you not seen Robocop 3?
it is a recapitulation of all critique, a shameless 'ode' to the banal and trundling mediocrity of modern british 'office' life and its salvation by a stupid non-alcoholic drink

boycotted and blocked

ps. death is coming
It's not quite Professor Elemental, is it?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eELH0ivexKA
I always find myself saying 'bless you' when the dog sneezes. 

It's just common courtesy mate. 
Is this a British problem or downright human civility? Just because there isn't a second soul nearby does not excuse rudeness. Excuse you indeed!
I came out the gym the other morning and popped in to tesco to get milk for work. 

They were stacking the seasonal stuff and listening to Christmas somgs. I found it enjoyable until I was at work humming slade and then getting ridiculed. 
Work in retail. You get to hear them end of October all the way through. 
Unless it's the pogues. It's not christmas until i've heard fairytale of new york unprompted on a live broadcast.
When you're in school you're told not to take sweets from strangers, then you get to uni and people are always trying to give you free food. 

The quickest way to poison a large group of people would be to give away poisoned pizza on a uni campus. 
I thought they do free samples of drugs .
Yes, do avoid or you'll feel you have to then buy the full version of said free samples. Happened to me yesterday, I tasted 2 samples of 2 different chilli sauces at the Glasgow Christmas market, and felt I had to then buy the one I liked. Unfortunately I never had cash on me and they didn't seem to advertise they took card, so I shamefully walked off. 
How do you know they're not branching out into badgers...
All I can think of is this:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRIaKMdO-Vw
The main problem I see with it is that the foxes and badgers could not look more CGI if they were big, green and voiced by Mike Myers. 

It really looks pretty rubbish. 
Buy a new trampoline for your dog! No! Don't buy from there! Buy it from us!
I'm already annoyed by this because the office loud-mouth decided to show everyone who came in - I refused - on full blast at her computer.

Haven't seen it and I refuse to do so.

(I do shop at John Lewis though)
I don't think John Lewis are aiming at council estates...
They've just resurfaced the bypass around my town, no doubt in preparation for Tour de Yorkshire next year, and rather than plane the whole road and put a new surface on it they've done road wide strips at random spacings resulting in a journey that was worse than before they'd started. What is worse is they've taken far longer to do it than it would have taken to resurface the whole road.
I can't wait for a day after Christmas when I gonna have to put off all the Christmas decorations and replace them with easter ones ....luv to work in retail 
Check the packaging. There's probably a small camera in there instead with the red light glowing.
[I feel for you, mate](http://imgur.com/a/3LlUg)
Having to shop at sports direct, you don't want to but everywhere else has a worse selection and is more expensive. 
Sport direct is a dickensian workhouse
You have to opt in for I think when you place the order. 
Brexit and Trump - that close enough for you?
It's already approaching at ramming speed...
Well UK once owned America....so
Fortunately the Mid-Atlantic Ridge means the opposite's happening.
The poppy is such a bizarre thing. It's simultaneously a heartfelt commemoration of the dead, and yet also a symbol of British nationalism, and a weirdly commercialised charity. It was originally started by Americans but is now far more common in the UK and seen as traditionally British. It stands for upholding liberty and freedom but you're criticised for not wearing one up to and including death threats for certain celebrities. It's one of the most complicated and confused symbols I can think of.
> the death of thousands

There were just over a million British military casualties in WW1 and WW2 combined. 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Kingdom_casualties_of_war

The mascot sounds fucking stupid. 
Did Cliff Richard knit it ?
What was it? A giant Poppy? 
Oh we've had that thing for years.

There are actually two. One is around England and the other is at the Somme War Graves.
I know the feeling. Someone dropped a protein shake in my gym and I was the only one to shout "WHEY!"
They were probably in stunned silence that you shouted "WHEEEY!" at your own plate tumbling to the ground
Cool.  Well played.  They were wrong, you were right.
A girl at my work dropped a couple glasses and I clapped. She cried and I nearly got a disciplinary for bullying. 

Thanks obama!
I was in a pub that had a live band playing. A drunk woman was dancing like a crazy person and it was obvious she was going to hit the deck at some point. When she finally lost her balance and crashed into the band I burst out laughing. The room was completely silent other than the sound of my laughter. A guy actually scorned me because "it's not funny". How is a dancing drunk woman falling not funny?
I know the feeling. 

Waitress in spoons dropped a glass the other day and my cries of "Sack the juggler" were met with blank stares. Broken Britain I tell you!
My typical response is to shout "SACK THE JUGGLER!"
Was in the pub the other night, it was packed and everyone was pretty sozzled by this point.

One of the waitresses dropped a pile of plates, the usual shouts of "wheeey!" and some applause began, before getting louder, and louder, until people began standing up to give her a standing ovation.

We have our problems but I do love this country.
Perhaps you missed the telegram but I thought we weren't doing that anymore? 
Shoulda shouted "curds"
Oooooooooh get you in your canteen. Why aren't you eating cold baked beans out of the tin?
It's all brexit's fault.
At that point, you may as well go the whole hog and sing  (to the tune of Go West - Pet Shop Boys) "You're shit, and you know you are..."
Odd that happened at ours yesterday. Us students looked around awkwardly, but the other canteen staff were cheering and wheying. Very odd
(^(i'm sorry for being american but would someone please be kind enough to explain why you'd shout "whey"? is it some sort of rhyming slang?))
But what if they had a milk allergy?
Maybe everyone else married to my wife and knew they'd get told off?
At least it seems to be a British expression unlike most of the others which are from the US (via the internet).
I am still trying to come up with an amusing reply to that question. My colleagues use it all the time! 
I use that phrase if I want them to come to my desk or for help with manual handling tasks.

That way, they're committed to the task and you can "walk and talk" the issue at hand.
why can't the driver just drive off? fuck her and her mints
> submitted an hour ago

Is she back yet?

"Ooh, they've got Extra Strong. Shall I push the boat out and get those instead of my usual Polos? I can't decide... Oh, let's go for it. How much is that? Just a minute, I've got the right money here. Hold on, young lady, I know I've got another tuppence in here somewhere..."
The bus driver has a good heart for going against his convenience in helping an old lady, but the old lady is a right old bag though for even condescending to ask such a request. 
I have this vision of a lead attached to the bus trailing into the shop where it is grasped tightly by a little old lady.
Why doesn't he just do the normal? 
" yep, no probs I will wait"
As soon as she steps off bus drive away, claim to management you miss heard of she complains
If someone young wanted to do that, she'd be first to complain.  Younger generation, respect, selfishness and so forth.  
That's ok as long as she buys enough for the whole class
"Ooh-uh. Oh..."
Honestly, you could have probably ended the title at "Insurance companies"....
It's very profitable.  Most people think they got a decent deal and will just let it roll over without checking.

It's fairly common to go on the comparison sites and see your existing insurance company quote for considerably less - then when you point this out they say it's a 'new customer only deal' and are surprised when you become an ex customer instead.
My insurance company wouldn't transfer my 5 years no claims due to it being a van to car insurance. They was still the cheapest option, with no "no claims". They then sent me a certificate stating 5 years no claims nothing mentioning van in the title. 
The problem is, if everyone was a bit more savvy and kept getting a better deal then those of us who do bother to look around would end up paying more, so I'm all for expensive auto-renewals as a punishment for laziness.
WEEKLY?! Enjoy that whilst it lasts!
Weekly collection. In Britian? Tell all...
Weekly? Lucky bastard.
This is a true British problem. I keep my bins out the front now. It may look a hit scrappy but at least they get emptied 
How about replacing the solicitors with frogs? Last one I saw was as thick as pig shit and charged £100 an hour, or "part thereof"
It sounds like you need to tell them you're going somewhere else.
In fairness, the A-level student probably isn't buying 2 minute ad slots in the middle of The X Factor, which take a pretty big chunk of your £6m budget. 
Link to said A-level students video?

I agree though completely underwhelming that video compared to the excellent adverts we've become accustomed to.

Edit: Aldi's isn't that great either
That student's ad is nowhere near as good. Sorry. It just didn't make sense or invoke any emotion
It started with promise, but when the CGI animals of farthing wood all got down to party I threw up a bit in my mouth. Would it have been too much to use real footage of foxes or Buster? Probably not. Screw you John Lewis, screw you.
Aah it's time for the old reddit smug "hate the John Lewis advert" . Soon be oh god we hate the M&S one too
You're talking about it, therefore it has done its job
I saw this literally just now.  Who buys their kid a trampoline for Christmas? Surely it's a summer thing?
Quite like it. Not as schmaltzy as previous ones 
Actually think it's good, but yet again any goofy looking dog can get me grinning. 
My criteria for potential work and or home locations is *rail station* proximity. I will go to considerable lengths to avoid buses.
First Busses are a disgrace.  The one I get into and out of Norwich is consistently late.  Sometimes I'm waiting for it and I'm stood there until the next one turns up.  The screen says "expected [hh:mm]" until it eventually just disappears as if it has come and gone.

Then the driver fucks off leaving the bus unattended with passengers inside having to wait for the next driver to start their shift.

This didn't just happen once, or every now and then.  It's every single time I've got this bus.  Sometimes it's quicker for me to walk home!
First bus made me get a CBT and a 125 motorbike. It's cheaper than a car. Well yes ok the bike itself is more expensive upfront but a cbt is £100, done in a day, tax is £17 for the year and I put £5 worth of petrol every 10 days or so. Plus, it's great fun to ride! And there's no smelly, loud, obnoxious people playing their shite music on their shite phones! 
atleast you get free wifi on the bus!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Move to a city?
Learn to drive if you can. I know it is exspensive. Buses are good when it isnt 9am or 5pm but they fall to shit at peak time. 

Just seen your edit. The only other thing you can do... especially knowing the buses are poop is leaving earlier. 
Get a moped?
Let's make Amstrad great again.
"Prime Minister Sugar will see you now"
/r/The_Alan 
Members of the House of Lords are every bit as legitimate a candidate for party leader, as Members of Parliament. He's already poised to strike!
He owns the building my flat's in.

I just want him to make my stairs great again.
As a member of House of Lords he already has some experience. 
He's not unhinged 
Do we have to make him orange too?
While this is terrible news for America, it'll make for a fun four years of news headlines. "POTUS grabs Merkel by the pussy to display dominance" is now a headline that is within the realms of possibility.
You know, i wouldn't be upset about this
Sugar's already got political experience, this situation is more akin to Peter Jones trying to *Make Britain Great Again*
What's worse, George Galloway was right:

https://twitter.com/georgegalloway/status/796150024249999360
Nah, not enough of a dickhead regardless of the TV show.

Sir Phillip Green on the other hand...
Alan Sugar would be a lot better... his version of the apprentice isn't him masturbating for a hour over how good he is at business...
With the Twitter spat he had with Trump I'd say he's more concerned about a cruise missile hitting his house than running for anything.
But he actually *was* a successful businessman. He didn't inherit wealth. 
[The bloody apprentice](https://youtu.be/Yxi6QDwQyLU) 
That's LORD Sugar to you.
Or maybe Richard Branson?
B U I L D  W  A  L  L

O

L

L

O

C

K

S
Some of the Labour centrists might feel like they can work with him. He donated to Labour for years, he is by no means an alt right nut job like Trump is. 
He's already said he wouldn't go for it

Sorry to burst anyone's bubble! 

Said it to Greg James on radio 1 a couple weeks ago when the apprentice first started.
Nah, Piers Morgan would be our Trump. Sugar would possibly do a half decent job.
I'd vote for him...
Campaign slogan: "Hey, if Trump can do it..." 
No way Sugar would finish above if an Arsenal supporter runs against him. PM Piers Morgan perhaps??
Only if Claude could get some kind of position.. imagine him as foreign secretary 
Well at least with Alan, he started from the bottom. Trump started from the top of the top.
If I had to chose between him and May I probably would chose him
Fuck it. Bring it on, once you start breaking things you might as well go full rockstar and wreck the entire hotel room.
I'd vote for him over what we have now tbh
Make England proper good again
Amstrad Emailers for all!
He insisted on Radio 1 that he had zero interest in becoming PM.
You guys willing to take a few of us yanks?
it only took Theresa May 35,453 votes to become an MP and then be PM via leadership election.
At least he doesn't appear to be a racist and xenophobic person who believes that filling up the English Channel would be the best way to stop immigrants from coming to the UK....

Also, wouldn't he also have a little bit of experience in politics? He is a Lord anyway.
Not a huge fan but he's no Trump.
/r/the_alan is ready
I think Jeremy Clarkson would be a good analogue
You know, as terrible as it sounds he might actually be better than May. And he would certainly be a shite sight better than trump. At least he actually is good at business. 
Our Trump is Bernie Ecclestone. 
First he needs to make Amstrad great (or relevant for that matter) again.
Good, he'd be better than Theresa May. 
Haha my girlfriend and I made this joke last night. 'Trump becoming president is like Alan Sugar running for prime minister.' Literally exact words.
That's SIR Prime Minister to you 
I'd vote for him, he's no trump. Definitely a conservative 
Can't we have Richard Branson instead
He would be a great PM! Better than old sour puss
Could be worse. Could be Branson. He's got a good public image, but my brother knows him. Nuff sed.
As a member of the House of Lords, he can't run for a seat in the commons 
#IT'S *LORD* SUGAR TO YOU, YOU FUCKING PLEB
Then again our system doesn't really let outsiders come in and rule that quickly... even though UKIP got what they wanted they never really got anywhere...
Why?
We'd be all fired
Lord not Sir smh
I would not mind. 

This country used to be great, we used to use Amstrad and the world was envious. It is time to restore our pride, and Great Britain make again. 
At least he has political experience, and I'm pretty sure he's not a racist
Jesus I just saw the image of the new toblerone wtf is that mess?!?!? Is that a deliberate fuck you? Because thats the most chocolate devoid toblerone i've seen in my entire existence. Un-fucking-acceptable
I feel he would be a better leader than Trump will be though. 
He said no.

https://twitter.com/Lord_Sugar/status/796276375963533313

I'm heartbroken.
Del boy for PM then? Rodney for deputy Plonker..  
Katy Hopkins as deputy?


https://i.redd.it/hhbgj63fblwx.jpg
Nookie Bear for P.M!
Or Sugartits as he's called in this house. 

Get back to the 'aaaaaaaause.
Surely we aren't THAT stupid....are we?
Good idea if you ask me. Would be better than, who's the prime minister? 
He's part of Labour though and actually reasonable compared to Trump.
Pretty sure it's Lord Alan sugar now isn't it?
[The Pope will declare a Holy War against Lord Sugar if that happens](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qT59V7cP9qw)
Lords/peers can't stand in elections so no worries
The guy started from nothing, you gotta respect that! Which I do.
Don't worry Khartik has already sorted that one.
Who is responsible for the failure of this referendum?
Or Richard Branson?

Philip Green anyone?
Or Farage in 8 years. FUCK THAT.
Dopey Lord Sugar
He has a sweet name
I'd vote for him over Theresa May
If Trump gets his shows back he will be referred to as president Trump. I think that has a better effect than than "yes, Lord sugar",they'll all be saying "yes, Mr president ".
Here from across pond again to say that I'm more scared of Nigel Farage. Fuck that guy in all 12 dimensions.
If this happens, I'm emigrating.
...fuck.

Especially since Labour will probably keep having new leadership contests every couple of months until they've finally got rid of Corbyn.
Just think, if he was the prime minister he might finally get rid of Piers Morgan for us.
I see your logic. I mean trump done it in the US
We already have one that nobody voted for, so what's the difference..?
I remember only a couple of years ago he was constantly arguing with Trump on Twitter, so that would be funny.
Hillary and Trump bouncing together!?

And every bounce accompanied by the sound of ancient bones snapping.
Well I imagine Rik Waller would be glad of the work.
Request granted. 

https://air-space.co.uk/
I saw that advert for the first time just now, while watching The Avengers, who could dislike it? 

*scrolls down*

Ah yes ....
Shop at Sports Direct.
The wonderful juxtaposition of the post above this. Have they finally distributed all of them to every U.K. Citizen?
https://m.reddit.com/r/britishproblems/comments/5c7b4k/i_received_a_package_from_sports_direct_and_it/
I gave up on cup-a-soups when it hit me one day that they are just a complicated way to drink a cup of hot water. They don't taste like soup and they are not nutritionally anything like soup. So the only thing they have in common with soup is that they have 'soup' in their names.
Are you performing the cardinal rookie error of dumping the sachet in the mug then adding hot water, or are you doing the proper 'add sachet, then add a small amount of hot water to make a paste, before topping up with more water method?
Use two mugs?
Ikea mugs (made in Thailand ones) circa 2000's no good.
The sludge is the best bit!
I think they must have clones of him in a basement somewhere that they dust off and use, as and when its needed. Coverage on election nights for example...maybe a spare, jolly looking one for Eggheads too. 

Or he's 100% CGI now. That would explain the stamina and ubiquitousness.
The other half is Claire Balding?  When she's not on Channel 4 that is.
But he's so natural at filming those incredible green screen moments. How could the BBC ever find anyone even close to his talents!?
I have no sympathy for microwave drinks.
You're really blaming Sainsbury's for not leaving your hot food to cool for a few minutes? 
well they do tell you to leave it to cool... I'm guessing you don't have many microwave meals, in that case, count yourself lucky
Sainsburys only take a few minutes, co op ones seem to take twice as long and you can't even pick them up from the microwave after
They should be grateful that you acknowledge their existence. 
No John Lewis customer lives on a council estate, they are trying to create a new market...
Didn't most of the council estates get sold off to private housing associations some years ago?
[deleted]
Have you just woken from a coma? If so, you may want to take a seat, there's one or two other things you should know about...
All those sketches taking the piss out of Reagan and Thatcher would work today.
Reagan, Bush, Trump the only way is up from now on, surely.

Also I cannot bring myself to make a Trump/Bush joke ...
"Wild? I was absolutely livid"

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=beCYGm1vMJ0
[deleted]
[Sorry to be the one to break this to you.](http://newsthump.com/2016/07/16/the-winchester-now-full/)
I'm just upset that now they are EE we can't joke that "The future's bright, the future's orange".  
  
I never thought that America would vote in a jaffa cake to be President before a woman.
http://newsthump.com/2016/11/09/martians-invade-humanity-too-embarrassed-to-take-them-to-our-leader/
It's okay, there's a Breville out back.
Trump won... But dogs still can't look up!
Can I get any of you cunts a drink?
4 years is nothing in a real pub or club, i know people who have been in the local since the mines and glass works shutdown in the 80s. 
I'm game. Some of us have been here since last May.
You mean 8 years.
You've got red on you.
I'll get started on the tequila in solidarity. 
UK = Pot,
US = Kettle
I mean there's a lot to do in Winchester, and they have one of the finest pasty shops I've ever been too outside of Cornwall 
Dangerous words coming from someone who's country voted for brexit.

//Edit: You guys, i am no american, i am not living in america and i do not support Trump. Brexit and Trump are both bad situations imo.
That Tesco one is really doing my head in
I'm looking at you every fucking Christmas ad in fucking early November. 
I really miss the little Werewolf boy and his totally mute sister.
Every ad is irritating.

I don't watch TV.
THEY ARE SO CHEESY
Any that use that epic shouty voice
The drop in the dollar after Trump won made bugger all difference to the prices.

At this rate I may switch to M&S Food if prices are on par.
I once took in a parcel for my neighbour as I was packing my car for a weekend away.

The postman asked if I could take it and I panicked and didn't know how to say no.
I ordered some water repellent for my boots from Amazon which had a same day delivery. Perfect I thought as I'm off up North this weekend and it'll probably rain so I don't want to get wet feet. DESPITE my delivery instructions saying to put it in the recycle bin, they delivered it to my neighbour who I won't see before we get in the car and hit the road this evening. So my feet will probably get wet this weekend. Fucking Amazon! Never hide stuff in my bins while I'm out! 
Do you live in a fairytale? Massages whilst waiting for services? What is this?
This is by far the most disturbing thing I've read on this sub.
See, the yank elections ruin everything!
Let's keep stoic people. Remember we are British after all. 
Im here in the states, the bus today was dead silent, everyone is depressed.
Hello friend, was it you on the Jubilee this morning?

I wanted to nap but everyone was so keen on discussing our impending doom.
anarchy! 
In Yorkshire talking to other people is not that uncommon. 
I've never felt more ashamed to be an American but thanks for letting me hide out in your country!
End of days mate
Thameslink was rammed and people were talking everywhere. If I could have moved I would have crawled into the partitions between seats to escape the madness
What were they saying?
My entire bus was talking in harmony about how we all hate everything to do with US politics, it was a beautiful sight. :')
I'm not shocked at all by the result.
Human sacrifice, dogs and cats living together... mass hysteria!
Even more shocking, once at the office they all forgot to mention how cold it was.

What a day.
Facebook is freaking out, it's like brexit all over again, but I find myself thinking, who cares I'm british not american, why do I care if trump is president, chances are it will never even affect me.

Let's say it does, in what way could it possibly affect my simple life, the economy gets messed up? well I doubt it will impact anything any worse than brexit did, hell it has lowered the price of the dollar so already done us a favour. 

Does it affect me getting up and going to work in a morning? somehow I can't see it, if it bumped the price of petrol, then meh, if less can affort it maybe i'll get to work easier without a crap load of other people trying to get to the same place on the same road.

The company I work for has no dealings with america really and even if it did, I doubt they would be overly affected by trump being president.

My cat's dont seem overly bothered, so I don't sense any additional sofa scratching going on.  

If someone is aware of a legitimate reason why trump being president would affect me I'd love to hear it. (and no, the worry that he might nuke someone doesn't count, since it's not likely to happen imo).

Chill the hell out people.
Madness.
She's chintzy; not an attractive trait in anyone. 
Someone I know keeps showing me their card each week, showing how long until he gets his free coffee.

He gets the coffee paid for by someone else & all of his coffee are free anyway hehe.
I know a guy who's mate works at Nero's. Gives him free fully stamped cards so he can get a free coffee every time he goes in.
You get the stamp or the free brew. Never both.
They have him on Chris Evans's show tomorrow morning as well.  It'll be interesting to see just how many elephants there will be in that studio.
According to Private Eye they have playlisted a few of his songs recently.. Bloody transparent as fuck really.. 

And yeah, that cover is a bloody offense to the ears.. 
Apology for what? Someone say he was gay again?
Isn't this a /r/britishsuccess then?
Unplugging that small nugget that initiates a torrent of gravy.

"For Frodo."
One ring to rule them all...

Or even, "my precious"

*Gag*
Lord of the Rings is classical music?
Lord Of The Ring Piece
They do the same at Singapore Changi. Best. Dump. Ever. Also their toilets are amazing 
I was at a velodrome and they were playing the audio from a cycle safety DVD, informative but very unnerving. Still better than BBC Radio 1 though.
The one *ring* to rule them all
This is probably a scheme to stop scruffy kids loitering.
its worth fighting for. 
Thanks for sharing
I was in a local pub tonight with my SO and it suddenly went quiet, and all we heard was [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEm0AjTbsac). It was baffling, but our pints and game of chess became very intense.
I'm hoping for Derren Brown to walk out and give a long explanation on how he has had the entire world hypnotised since New Years Day. He hasn't put anything new on TV since 2013, so I figure it's a fair bet. (though I am aware he's had a few stage shows this year)
2016 wipe us going to be amazing, so much unbelievable shit has happened this year it's quite laughable 
One hell of an ad campaign
Big fat quiz of the year 2016 is going to be full of dark humour and depressing reminders.
Did it help?

I'm seeing lots of drivers that seem to think those LED running lights count as headlights. I don't think they realise their cars are completely dark from behind.
I do that sometimes too.



Im a pedestrian.
Am I the only one who notices the innuendo?
All the while driving with fairy lights or fog lights during the day.
Spot the folks who didn't spec automatic lights and wipers.
This is how you get mugged/stabbed/murdered. Used to be a gang initiation, drive round with your lights off and then whoever flashed you was the "target". (ETA: the /s was implied).

On a lighter note, I drove a car the other day and the dash was lit up so from inside the car there is nothing to really remind the driver that it is actually dark out. I mean, sure, being aware of the light levels outside is still what you should do really and I would say if you don't know when to put your lights on you shouldn't be driving, and I would agree with me, but manufacturers should not remove all of the hints/reminders.
Here's the link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sr6lr_VRsEo
It's basically the story of a girl who wakes up on Christmas Day to find her Christmas present covered in fox crap
Give it a rest 
They're always shit, they're adverts for fuck sake, why do people care?
Oh i feel this so much.  I used to have mild terror about pressing the button.  I'd leave it as late as possible and hope someone else would do it.

Luckily most of the buses i went on were ones where you have to get off the door by the driver, so i would often not bother pressing it and just get up and stand by the door so it was obvious i wanted to get off.
I rang the bell before the last stop yesterday.

I was the only one on the bus and the driver stopped the bus by the side of the road instead of driving the extra 200 metres and said "oh so you want to get off here instead of the station?"

It was closer to my house, but I don't know how I'm going to live that one down and I couldn't handle the shame of saying sorry and letting him finish the route. I wish he just drove those 200 meters away from my house and said nothing.
I once pressed the button for the handicap area by accident as I grabbed the railing and it was like a fucking siren going off. The bus stopped and I just sat there pretending nothing had happened.
This happens to me, except I realise it's too late to ring the bell for my stop without looking like an idiot. So I walk the extra 5 mins 
who needs a bus stop

theres red and green buttons on the exit door under the flap

leave as you please
My bus stop is concealed by another sign and some trees. So the driver knows its there, but they aren't sure where. 

SO they always make an abrupt stop just after. Im always thrown into that walk run as I leave. Terror. 
On the practice disc I got I started to realise they used the same couple of cars as the ones who would do something wrong so I would just look for the green VW Golf and wait for it to do something stupid.
Glad I didn't have to do it, though Hazzards are quite easy to spot, there are very few Chargers with Confederate flags on the roof.
You've got some shit program for it and/or you live somewhere behind the times like Cornwall. 

In the test centre it's all new fancy CGI videos 
also the dumb system where they only record the time and number of clicks. I nearly failed my hazard perception because i clicked too many times.
I'm so glad that we don't have to do the hazard perception test where I live! When I started driving lessons in the UK I researched the test but then fortunately moved back home! Phew!
Somehow for all 3 of my theorys I did the Hazard Percep every time

My centre had these nice 1080p monitors but the hazard percep was still shite
I think this needs an ELI5...
That's because intelligence reports say he might begin operating in Gorilla Warfare on U.S. Soil.
Good ideas. This isn't one of them...
Or a sand snake ambush on Americas soil?
Did they also announce that deductive reasoning and listening comprehension is on the decline?
Ah yes, the apparent new leader of the free world. 
But we vote in a political party
This is why we can't have nice things. 
I'm sending's round's the's RSPCA's to take's away's your's apostrophe key.
She's not a Deatheater by chance is she?
I'm a recent convert to snakes... I'm with her on this!
Sneks rule!
\*grumble* something something cheering on Trump
Go team snakes 
Cornsnake in the corner was giving them a silent cheer to . Interesting pets, get the girls one for Christmas
We had a divided household, they are so many of them they must be fairly good success rate. 
Future Tory.
It still is. Even more so than before.
Top Trumps.

Either a really good fart, a card game from days of yore or an offer to *off* the new president.
ETERNAL LEADER EMPORER FART
A bloke at work has been moaning about trumps all day. I think he must have been on the dirty ale last night. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/britishproblems/comments/59uswr/trump_to_me_means_to_fart_i_keep_hearing_trump_i/
this made me think of the south park member berries. I member that
[deleted]
The Royal Doulton with the hand painted periwinkles, of course.
The ones with handles.
Ahh the cup dilemma. Personally I have:

* Good good pretty teacups, I.e tea party cups....for the trustworthy. 
* Good Pretty teacups, Dinner party only (they match the dinner service)
* Pretty teacups, for people I don't trust with fine china but don't want to give a mug to. 
* Good mugs. For casual guests. And daily use.
* personal mug for a specific guest. (he's my epic DIY buddy) He also drinks tea by the pint so has a giant mug.
* bad mugs. For personal use, if doing diy, in the garden or I forgot to load the dishwasher. 
* FAKE good mugs. Thease are plain white mugs, quite old but in good condition that I give to work men so they don't think i've given them shit mugs because the ones i've given them are matching. 




For those wondering my Good good pretty china was bought for £20 form an antique shop, and the complete 12 person dolton dinner service was £30 from a charity shop.

give them mugs that come in Easter eggs 
The must have left the lad behind, else they'd be tree fellers.
Relevant sub r/ratemytea 
the ones without chips
You done em 12 sugars? 
I have a mug with LMAO in large lettering, and underneath in words, Laughing My Arse Off. 

I'm such an arse. 
Our neighbours had their tree cut down a few weeks ago, and it was quite sad. That tree had been there for ten years and the gentle rustling of its leaves was always quite relaxing when I was lying in bed. When I look outside now the view looks wrong without that tree.

(I won't miss the cherries on it though - I hate cherries and they always landed on the car and stained it.)
ITV as a repeat of Tipping Point tonight. Says it all really.
Is 8 out of 10 cats does countdown still good?
She maybe thought you'd carry the light one using your teeth... 
did she put the eggs under the beer?
What's next? Him being funny.
This news saddens me. A long standing dream of mine has been to see Mr Ross present some form of science or nature show which featured a very heavy emphasis on minerals. 
[deleted]
Has it caused some rancour?
Weally?
Do you have the travelwest buschecker app? It can give you Timings for your stop. 
Well, some people like it against the wall. 
A kid surely will think yes of course not they are for jumping on too 
I like them too, don't worry.  
They are great. Every day its like i havent seen them before. 

Damn amnesia 
This is not a britishproblem, this is an americanproblem for electing a guy called Trump. 
to trump means 'make a loud noise producing smelly warm gas with a smug look oh your face, whilst everyone looks on in horror", so yeh, sounds about right.
Who POTUSed?
Dude this is a grandad Facebook tier chain comment, I left Facebook to get away from this shit. 
Dude this is a grandad Facebook tier chain comment, I left Facebook to get away from this shit. 
Have toast instead. British solution. 
  1.  Make a cup of tea or coffee.
  2.  Dip blade of butter knife into hot beverage for a few seconds.  
  3.  Use warm knife to help spread the butter
That is why God invented microwaves. Not so people can cook delicious peas and sweetcorn whilst retaining nutrients, but to soften butter. Do not overdo it though or his wrath will turn said butter to liquid
My butter was too cold a month ago!
I've found in trying times such as these that if you grate the butter, much like you would with a block of cheese, it makes it much easier to spread. 
Lacerated bread is no fun.
Where do you keep your butter?? Outside!
Put a knob of butter on a saucer, rinse a glass in really really hot water, dry very quickly then put glass over knob of butter. The residual heat from the glass softens the butter. 
My missus [got me one of these](https://www.firebox.com/SpreadTHAT-Self-Heating-Butter-Knife/p7085?mkt=en); it really just gives me cold hands...  I'm too impatient to let it warm up.
I like/keep my butter super cold, always have.

The trick is to like, scrape the butter in lots and lots of thin strokes. Don't just carve a piece out. You need to like "shave" the top layer, until you have the required amount on your knife. Then it always spreads fine.
But why don't you use spray butter in a can??

(Says the American)

(Shudder)
Olive spread never goes hard, just like my aorta.
Prayers and thoughts are with you. 
If the butter is too cold, just use a grater on it...
To make an enjoyable sandwich:
(with thanks to the colonials in the former colony of the americas.)
Toast, bacon, peanut butter, tobasco sauce, salad leaves.
Aportion to your liking
enjoy, even on a freezing Tuesday.
I was raised with all the butter kept in the fridge. My parents were intelligent and knew how to cook, but we never had spreadable butter.
But it's only margarinally colder than yesterday...
Why are you not slicing thin slices off the butter and pressing them onto the bread?
No help for instant sandwiches, but for preparing lunch to take to work I keep a loaf of bread in the freezer. Frozen bread can stand up to the spreading of hard butter in the early morning and it's completely defrosted by lunchtime.
Buy a butter bell! Best things ever!

Don't even start... /Sweden
I read that as "butler".
To remind you what it's doing to your arteries. Not that its stopped me eating butter for my whole life ...
Good time to turn the fridge down/up so it is warmer in there.
By far the most annoying thing about winter in this country.
Get yourself a butter bell, keeps the butter moist and soft, just make sure to change the water out frequently and clean the damn thing. 
if you hold the knife reasonable flat to the butter and scrape it over quickly several times it comes of in small layers which are much easier to spread and already almost shaped the way they'd go on the toast.
I don't understand why people keep butter in the fridge at all.
This happens to me all the time anyway haha
This happens to me all the time apart from a short 3 week period every other August.
Right in the feels 
I had that problem cos its always cold up in Northern Ireland.  Bought this http://www.butterup.com.au/  on kickstarter and never looked back, I have not torn bread since.
I misread it as ripped a hole in my beard.
My mother keeps her butter in the fridge ...
Use Bertolli instead, it's a nice olive oil alternative: http://www.bertolli.co.uk/product/bertolli-original
For toast: take one slice out, scrape a thin bit of butter onto knife, slap it on the hot toast and leave it. Now do the same with the 2nd piece of toast. By this time, the butter on the first piece is spreadable, repeat for 2nd, enjoy.
As we leave Europe we go west and naturally go into colder regions /s
Do the Microwave Butter Roulette..just right n it's lovely,two seconds too long & its liquid,never to return to its original form. 
It's the season's way of telling you, you should be eating porridge and fry ups.
Freeze your bread and make your sandwiches the night before or in the morning.

Cold butter will spread on frozen bread and by lunchtime it'll be defrosted and ready to eat.
Oh and I've started using mayo instead of butter on one slice. 
Is your refrigerator temp not regulated? Dio you not keep butter in the refrigerator?
*Grumble* *Grumble*
You should move to America. That never happens here.
Put your metal knife in the microwave to warm it up. Or you could place it in some boiling water. Always works wonders for me 
> my sister just referred to him as 'our president'

This is now the most disturbing thing I've read on this sub.
There are currently 3 separate threads in my facebook feed with my friends talking about how they broke the news to their <10 year old kids...
Technically there is one. 🍵 is "Teacup without handle", and ☕️ is "hot beverage" (but it's often displayed as a cup of coffee).  
Emoji were invented in the 1990s in Japan, that's why we have all these "weird"/"strange" (to us Westerners at least) emoji; that's also why things like taco, burrito, hot dog etc were all only added in recent years. And you can't remove emoji that were in the standard once (that would break the bidirectional idea of Unicode), that's why we still have the pager.
You can summit [a proposal](http://unicode.org/emoji/selection.html) to the Unicode Consortium.
You mention all of those "strange" emoji, yet you fail to bring up [man in business suit levitating](http://emojipedia.org/man-in-business-suit-levitating/)? 
🐸🍵
The three images at the top of this page are perfect emoji.
I believe the Shrug Emoticon should be made into an Emoji as well. It's quite useful.
*shudders*
So you think May is better?
The Thick Of It isn't around anymore *because* of the state of politics.
Spitting image would have been more appropriate
It ended at the right time imo
It's like working on a shop floor with a PDQ that isn't connected to the EPOS:

"That's £49.99"

*customer hands card over*

"Thanks."

"Thanks."

*insert amount and turn card machine round*

"Thanks."

"PIN when you're ready"

"Thanks."

"Okay that's done, thanks"

"Thanks."

"Here you go, thanks"

"Thanks."

"Bye."

"Thanks. Bye."

That's nine Thankses for one transaction.
Sorry about that
So sorry, mate. 


sorry you had to go through that
Well at least it didn't turn into that 3 way Mexican stand-off from reservoir dogs, like it would in America.
/r/thathappened
/r/canadianproblems?
/r/irishproblems
http://giphy.com/gifs/insult-father-ted-12lRRu4nvKcda
Down with this sort of thing?
See, Trump getting shot/killed is even scarier to me. Pence is a bible-thumping ponce...actually worse than Trump! Talk about turning the clock back to the 1950s. The worst they can do to me is send me back to the kitchen...I never wear shoes anyway, and I'm past the childbearing years. But I have several LGBT and POC friends that I'm worried about. sigh...

I'm all for Lizzie to revoke our independence. There had to have been some kind of first-right-of-refusal clause in the transfer...yes?
I guess it's time to mobilise the Navy and take it back.
New Yorker here; a civil war couldn't happen soon enough...
[Unrelated, but reminds me of this.](http://i.imgur.com/9Ph84SZ.jpg)
It could be worse, it could have been a U2 album.
* Votes in US elections
* Is arrested and extradited to US for voter fraud
* Spends next 50 years in jail
* Thanks Obama
I went for a walk a few days ago and YouTube immediately loaded Obama's "vote for Hillary" message then told me they couldn't access any of the videos I wanted to watch.

The future is stupid.
Sorry guys :(
What's the problem? Get a time machine, go back ten years, move to the US, learn everything, become a citizen after years of living in the US, then vote.
If you weren't so cucked and could own 6 assault rifles maybe you could overthrow your gubmint.  God I love freedum.
Same from Italy
<joke> it's all part of the plan to stop Trump, get foreigners voting for Clinton </joke>
If you don't like it, then you can git right out of my country... wait...
It's your fault Trump won.
But at least soon you won't have the Eurocrats forcing their civil rights, consumer protections and other oppressive shit on you any more, so you've got that going for you, which is nice.
You should vote! On June 23...
Thanks to modern technology that shouldn't stop you voting..
Please help us! Send a new candidate! We'll take Prince Harry.
See, this is where they fucked it up!
Can't wait for 2016 Wipe.
On the plus side the pound should be looking rosier when the dollar tanks.
Not to mention the Now Show and the News Quiz. 
South Park too
I don't think so. Real life has surpassed satire.
What are these acronyms?
I don't think I can actually bring myself to watch them anymore. The situation has gone a long way past being funny. 
The Last Leg is on tonight and I think I might get hammered before I watch it. 
I hate when extremely important things happen. I spend the entire show waiting for them to talk about the important thing, and then they just make some dick jokes about it and move on.  
  
It's very unsatisfying.
I hope they put on emergency episodes of the News Quiz, Breaking the news should be good. 
Iv'e looked in the manual and it says nothing. You must have been doing it automatically out of respect. Has Brexit made you bitter and twisted ? 
Who eats corn on the cob for breakfast anyway you heathen 
*Roll
*barm
... ketchup?
*bap
http://news.images.itv.com/image/file/300915/image_update_img.jpg
Bread rolls are called cobs in Derbyshire... can't get used to it.

It's a bread roll!

Don't get me started on the definition of a pea mix or lunch being called dinner!!
User Reventum in "things cost different prices in different stores" shocker!
That's because the Co-op is not the expensive one!
75p is a small price to pay for access to the prestige of saying you shop at Sainsbury's. That said, I shudder to think what pricing schedule Fortnum & Mason has in place for them.
£1 in Tesco as well atm  or in one of ours anyway 
from my experience people drive slow hoping it picks up and then they can call in work and say cant make it, snow to thick.

but also from my experience living in cheshire when its thinks about snowing it rains :|
Wait where!?
I read earlier that £5 on Leicester winning the league, Brexit and Trump would net you a tidy £12.5m this morning

Would have certainly taken the edge off the day 
Wow, them were decent odds for a 2 horse race. What were they offering for Clinton?
I saw Trump at 3/1 yesterday. I was going to put 100 on it but chickened out. Gutted to be honest. 
Did you bet while the primarys were still running or once he had been secured as the republican nomination? 
Or  you could have put £400 on Trump and Trump lost, then you would have been wishing you had only done £10.
If it happens again glass her. 
Act of war.  You must now engage in a petty unspoken battle.  This will culminate in either you getting a complaint made against you or you banging her behind the bins at the Christmas do. 
...

...

...

Words... words escape me...

***Fuck.***
Kill her.
Last year the guys next door stole my tea bags many many times, even if it was the last one. I was so mad one day of summer I decided to leave a box with some bags in it which have been meticulously swiped between my butt cheeks. Once the bags disappeared again as expected, I was the happiest man in the world and I hope they got some kind of disease. 

You might want to piss in the mug and wait for the bitch to do it again. These sick fucks have a pattern, take advantage of it 😊
When you discovered this crime did you tut audibly? Nothing will ever change otherwise.
I have some spare time, and a shovel.
Well, there's always this in her pc: http://www.thinkgeek.com/product/jknk/

Or the classics on her un-attended pc: screen shot of the desktop, as the background, hide / move the start bar. Invert the mouse. Set her signature to Kind Retards. Random autocorrects in word. Email her boss from her pc asking for help with something truly retarded (where's the any key?). Email the entire office (there's a group for that right?) demanding to know who stole the package for her from sextoys.co.uk.

Office warfare is a cold, cold world and someone has to win. 
Kill her firstborn, that the revenge this deserves.
Homemade apple juice. 
Bloody hell, that's a bit much. 
Burn her crops, slaughter her livestock, salt her fields, raze her villages to the ground.
Boot her in the fanny !
Buy a tub of fruitflies, up-end the mug, and empty the flies into it.

Leave fly-filled mug up-side down on her desk.

Laugh.
Drop 5 or 6 sugars in her coffee while she's not looking.
Time to bring a chain and padlock in and chain it to the kettle when you take your eyes off it.
For the passive aggressive approach. Get her the ugliest mug you can find for the office secret santa
Hello, bit pretentious to bring up but have you read the book? I'd never read much sci-fi, particularly something like Asimov but I really enjoyed it! Would recommend.
Sorry I'm allergic to bullshit. 
Wait, people actually still watch films on TV channels?
I've only seen I, Robot once. I only enjoyed it very mildly.
I highly doubt I,Robot has been on film 4 as many times as The Matrix has been on ITV2.
You have. And we all know. 
Maybe your local store still has some old ones in stock?
They're so hard to eat though. I like them but everything about them is difficult :)
Oh oh, IT do not make tea for normies. IT make tea for IT, users make tea according to their own schedule.
I could only watch a minute of the 2:33. Thankfully it will never be on TV, it would prolly cost half of a years profits to air an advert that long. Or is this a TV advert / show? 
Is it me or does it look like most of those extras don't want to be there / can't act.
Now that's very annoying AND boringly Caucasian. 
An umbrella in the tea? What have they been smoking?
Never seen that before but yeah it's fucking atrocious.. 
Adblock/Ublock is your friend. Unless you're using YouTube on your iPhone then you're fucked.
I thought that was just me. WTF? What next? Aww-Kansas?
It annoys me when British reporters talk about "Alabama". Surely in UK parlance it should be "alabarmer"
What is he supposed to be saying?
Where's Dimbleby when you need him? Cannot get the staff these days.
Suck it up, repress it; you know the drill.
I prefer the 'well thank you too buddy' cry of exasperation as they pass, knowing full well they can't hear you but still feeling somewhat more satisfied at being able to be snarky in some way.
You're lucky they don't call the police you dirty bugger!
"You're welcome you entitled selfish prick!" I shout. I may have road rage. 
 The dogs leave the shit? Or do the gays spread it about all willy-nilly like?
In all seriousness - what a bunch of selfish cnuts! I hope they stand in it and smear it all over their living room rug.
With any luck it'll be frozen solid when you step on it so you won't have an issue scraping it off
It is a verb. 
Oh Jesus Trumping Christ, really?
Somehow I doubt that. 
Unless something Trumps it
root scores a century, ali will score a century

if we dont collapse,(kek!) we'll make 500+
It wipes clean in thirty years, no? 
Don't worry, as you earn more you also pay more.


It's just fantastic watching all that money disappear each month. Totally worth it. 
*chuckles in scottish*
Try and think of it as a graduate tax.
I paid mine off last year, i was on the phone to them everyday until i got written confirmation it was paid up.
I'm seriously considering starting a uni found for my smallest cousin. He's two. By the time he turns 18 his dad will have reached his retirement age so won't be able to help financially.

For the older two, I'm thinking of giving them "pocket money", as I haven't got enough time to build a decent pot of money for them.
It's written off when you hit 50.
So not just a British problem
I generally pay nothing but once in a blue moon if some combination of bonus and overtime happens then I pay a token few quid. I guess I am behind your schedule.
If you become a priest, I think you don't have to repay your student loan
I sympathize with, *and* envy you. 


At the rate I'M paying mine back, my grandchildren's grandchildren won't be debt free.
Pay it off in full if it makes you feel better? 
The real British Problem here is that you were encouraged to go to university and yet, having graduated, you are (apparently) not earning enough to pay it off. 

Now, hindsight is lovely and maybe you should just have got a job at 18... But it's too late for that now. So suck it up and get earning. 
The trouble with these zones is my digital speedo always reads 5mph less than my analogue speedo. Which one do I believe?
55mph on your dash clocks will be absolutely fine, since you're doing nearer 50mph in reality as they usually over-read.  

Mind you, 55mph GPS will probably not net you a ticket either. 
Have you noticed that lorries just ride their limiter and are usually doing 55-56 through these zones? You're fine doing 55.
Digital speedos are shit, use your GPS one for a more accurate idea. My classic car has a far more accurate speedo than any of the new ones do.
My speedo reads faster than the speed shown on my Sat Nav too.  Maybe they are designed to read 'over' rather than under.
Anyone else crazy enough to try and cheat by racing from one lorry to the next? Just in time to hide behind it as it passes the camera?
Going 55 in a 50 is still technically legal with the 10% and a bit extra leeway they give with those things.
As long as it doesn't conjure up images of 'Ms Merkel' you'll be fine.
So did I. In fact, I thought it was Miss Marple until now.
Due to an overload of American Election coverage, I read that as Hillary's  girlfriend and got confused. 
That'd make money as a porn film. Prince Harry & Miss Marple. Throw in Ms. Merkel for the sequel..niche.
I'd give her something to investigate. 


*I mean my penis.  Not planning a murder. 
So you have NO tea bags left in the house. Get thee to the shops stat. 
Oh, one left in your house? No one can bring themselves to use that one remaining teabag, so you'll have to buy a new house. I'm sorry but it's the only option.
... turns out I quite like camomile tea, no replacement for Yorkshire though.
Camomile tastes like camel pee smells..
You'll also get a second hand bus instead of the train you ordered.
Don't panic 3 will come along at once!!!
You can turn off the notifications in settings....
Mute it overnight or have your phone on only alarms? 
It's going to, uninstall is your best bet.
It's a British Problem in itself, that so many people have phones and don't switch them off at night
Time to get a proper phone if yours doesn't have a quiet time setting.
Hark at mister introspective don't talk to me about the weather. Hard day at the kipper factory was it?
It's not a reason to start a conversation? Whaaaaat? 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsMc-IswG3w
I had a boss once whose attitude was *If you're cold, then bloody well work harder!*
I know i'm weird, but i love that smell. 

Reminds me of my Gran's hairdryer when i was a kid. 
Personal heaters? Luxury! I remember working in a few different shops (holland & barratt, CEX) with this evil thing called an "open door policy" and so the effectiveness of the heating would be completely negated and my back would ache like fuck at the end of the day from shivering. 
I love the smell of charred dust the first time a heater is switched on. It's why I deliberately don't dust the heaters in my flat; it's not laziness at all.
At my work they sent an email saying we're not allowed personal heaters and to take them home. If they're not gone in 1 week they'll go round and remove them all. But I was away for 2 weeks and didn't have a chance to take mine home. So they stole it. I got it back from the maintenance guys and took it straight back to my office. It's the small victories!
I hate these things. I've finally managed to convince the Facilities dept to ban them.  They're dangerous and completely unnecessary in an office unless you work in an uninsulated out-building of some sort. 
Are you sure that it's not just your office on fire?
That's the dust burning inside of the fan heaters on the heating element, it's qute impossible to clean it only to blow it out somehow.... 
If it does, use it to your advantage. Have a little joke about the snow, and be sure to turn up early so they can see that you're keen! Good luck pal.
Good luck! And keep us updated!
Call them and tell them, if you're worth interviewing they might rearrange it yo later that day.
I once was late to an interview because of snow. I still got the job. 
Now thats taking the piss
You got huskies near you then?
Leicestershire?
Here we are, a miserable city, the lack of snow is definitely God/May's doing.
Manchester China town?
This post backfired. 
What's the actual problem? Aside from you 
This isn't a "British" problem. This is a Nan kid problem. 
They're both great.
Congratulations, you now have an opportunity to broaden your horizons past the culinary travesty that is Nandos (which is a South African company producing Portuguese food, by the way)
[deleted]
Take current lightbulb, go into shop, show lightbulb to shop worker and make unintelligible grunting noises. 

They'll know exactly what you're after.
Are you aware that money can be exchanged for goods and services ? 
Tried ikea?
Used to be there was just one fitting - bayonet. If you were really posh you had a choice of round or candle shape.

Now nearly every single light fitting in my house is a different and non-interchangeable size / fitting / voltage / brightness / wattage / colour temperature combination.

As a result my house has a huge collection of spare lightbulbs (some of which don't even fit due to whittling down the hundreds of variantions in the shop, thinking you've got it only to find out when you get home you've accidentally bought the one that was shuffled up in the wrong pile with a fucking Edison screw **WHO ON EARTH USES E27 FITTING IN THIS COUNTRY FOR FUCKS SAKE**), which is guaranteed not to contain the one type that's about to blow next.

AARRGH

/rant
It's not just forecast it's happening thenoo. 
Yup... Snowing on the South Pennines, just driven over the tops and it's settling too... Yay!
It started snowing in Gloucestershire today, but it soon turned to rain...  :(
Don't worry. This isn't London, we don't stop everything because of a dusting of snow. 
Yeah it's literally snowing outside atop (at time of post)
It's winter in England... 
You've piqued my interest with no pay off!
They really messed up Lion Bars years and years ago - they used to be properly chewy not a piece of wafer.
Lost my poppy 3 times this year and then I decided to get the enamel one. Only to find out they ran out of it. 
This is why I buy a badge every year.  
That's great marketing 
American election shit is fine when it's British and Irish people taking the piss. Well played Ryan air. 
That needs a screen shot & posting :D
I'm not following-following, it's more that I'm forced to follow the news because it's all over the place... and yesterday I had the feeling that Americans were voting and that everything was finally over. NO. A colleague of mine said that it's next week. I had a really strong of accurate desire of entering a deep state of hibernation. 

This mail, anyway, made me smile. 

I actually think that this election is more a TV show with tons of budget in marketing for worldwide annoyance... I mean exposure.
*Damn*, Ryan Air.
[To be fair ...](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CwbhLm_XAAA6jcm.jpg:large)
It's even phrased badly.  "Not even Hilary would delete this email" sounds much better.
Well, that is one way to advertise. Great for RyanAir. But i prefer good old ChristopherAir. 
I like thick bacon, better value than those tissue-paper rashers you get.

I also don't like it crispy. I'm a heathen.
I've recently switched to better quality bacon. It's a false economy buying the regular bacon that is just pumped with delicious salty water, even when it's on offer.

Even spending something like 40p more in Lidl, you get 6 rashers of their higher quality bacon. I've bought about 3-4 packs now and I am yet to noticeably see much shrinkage. The frying pan doesn't look like the bacon just wet itself.
I just get my bacon from my local butcher, it's always better and doesn't shrink in the pan.
A slice of bacon as thick as gammon is basically a bacon chop. And bacon chops are fucking awesome.
Been living in America for 18 years. God how I miss bacon. 
/r/britishsuccess <-------- is that way... 
Since when do people not like I'm a Celebrity? It's just Ant and Dec physically and mentally tormenting people who used to be famous.

Though I agree with the rest of you that the X Factor needs to fuck off.
Just be glad Naked Jungle didn't take off.
I'm a celebrity, strictly, x factor, Britain has minimal talent, big brother, all need to go. 

They have been going on waaaay too long and have gotten desperate for views.

Whist on the subject, scrap the TV licence, I don't watch BBC, why should I pay for it...
I quite enjoy it.
It would be good if they used my definition of celebrity. There are only a handful of them in the world. You need to be well known in vast areas of the world. Thus removing soap opera "stars", reality TV idiots and hangers on. No proper big genuine celebrity would do that crap so we could cancel it.... along with every other "celebrity" version of everything! 
[deleted]
Sadly yes. But ehh forget the tele, there is Netflix. 
The Curse of the Billy Goat has found a new target to pick on.

71 years later, there'll be a party in Newcastle - a Northern train has actually made it on time.
Finally, a proper use of the word 'factoid'. Consider my cap doffed to you, sir.
Now I miss them and I never even knew they existed. 
Watched 20 minutes of a celebrity Come Dine With Me the other day before I realised it was a celebrity one.
Well we ain't exactly about to see maggie smith and helen mirren bond over ostrich testicles while meryl streep jumps off a helicopter are we....
I'm a celebrity... pay me to get me in here 
Danny Baker is an actual celebrity, and so is Carol Vorderperson, for better or for worse. The bloke from Homes Under the Hammer I actively know from a place that isn't a "reality" show of some description.

At least I'd heard of all but two of them. Doesn't mean I'm about to watch it.
Its always the same, along with Celeb BB, I'm a Celebrity is full of washed up Celebs either taking what they can get or trying to save their career...Never works though
To be fair, across all the years they have had enough celebrities to do the show once.
Thank you for writing it out in full. "Strictly" and "I'm A Celebrity" set my teeth on edge.
Back when there was something I watched after Strictly Come Dancing (might have been Doctor Who) I liked to play the game of guessing who was the celebrity and who the professional dancer when they recapped the performances at the end of the show. I was always super impressed with myself when I actually recognised one (Ainsley Harriott comes to mind, but I think he was the only one I had a clue about that time.)

This season of Strictly I've actually been watching when I remember/am babysitting. Why? Because Ed Balls. He's so entertaining to watch.

That said when Pointless Celebrities had their F1 episode I knew every single one of them and I bet there were loads of people who were all like "who the fuck is Christian Horner?" because they don't watch F1.
Every year the same moaning complaint.  Even if you have lived on the moon for the last 20 years and really don't know any of them it doesn't matter because without fail every year the contestants are a good mix that don't fail to entertain. 
It usually has some actual celebs, David Haye and Dom Jolly come to mind.
Should really be renamed I'm a Nonentity.... Just Ignore Me
Little upset that Nigel didn't accept the offer to go on. I suppose he might've if he was allowed to retire. 
Celebrity nowadays means being famous for famous sake I. E.  Those talentless interchangeable fucks on any reality program. 
Yuri Geller is a celebrity!
It's getting like that with Strictly now, too, which is a shame. If I can't tell which one is the new professional and which is the "celebrity", it kind of defeats the purpose somewhat.
They need to slip a few black widows and couple of king pythons into the jungle you know to make it more interesting.
Quite impressed that i actually *know* people this year.  There are only 2 i hadn't heard of!  Not sure if that says more about me or the show though.
This year's line-up: Who's that? Who's he? Never heard of her. Wasn't he in some other reality show? So she's famous for being famous? What's he ever done? Oh, it's Carol Vorderman!
Lisa snowdon is grade A fap material...that's all that matters.
I'm incredibly impressed (perhaps just with myself this year) - I recognised 4 of the 10 celebrities; Carol Vorderman, Scarlett Moffatt, Joel Dommett, Lisa Snowdon.
Real British problem - people still watch this.

Strictly and Bake Off and even god forbid X-Factor might actually involve some skill and talent.  I can forgive watching them if it's how you want to spend your time.  This is just gawping at other humans sitting in a camp.  It's braindead.
Oh SNAP!
Is this your first Yorkshire winter? You'll see...
The Daily Express has been warning us about the coming snow since June so everyone should be prepared.
It's too cold to snow at the moment. Wait till it warms up, then it'll snow. Thats the theory.
SNOW??? Where? When?? 
I'm looking forward to the snow. Okay, it's not gonna be fun walking to work in, but there's no feeling so warm as being indoors, wrapped up, candles lit, while it's snowing outside.
Well it snowed. We've got an inch, not the 3 feet of the stuff everyone was panicking about.

Wusses, the lot of them.
You know what, I'd much rather hear about Alexander Armstrong's new folk album than any of the actual news that's going on right now, it's all shit.

Also good for Alexander Armstrong. He's a busy man, presenting Pointless and a Classic FM show, so putting out an album at the same time as all that must take some dedication.
All I hear about is the sodding Capital Jingle Bell Bloody Ball. It'll be the first news item for weeks 😞
Don't really see how this is a problem. Put the news on in Britain and get British news. Sounds correct.

Also considering that I have seen loads of posts this week moaning about the news being full of US elections and World Series results I'd say you were in a minority. 

If you want to see what's happening in America turn on the American news.
It's Jimmy Young day (I keep seeing Jimmy Hills chin in my head), I know The Wogan but unsure on Jimmy Young. I'm too Young I suppose. 
I don't even get why there's apparently so much racism, she looks white to me.
Alexander Armstrong's releasing a folk album?
kerning?
Pictures?
Rub some butter on em, if thats not too hard aswell.
The size of the packaging remaining the same is the kick in the teeth though. They changed the look of it to hide that they made the bar smaller, which is outrageous! If you need to change the weight of it, made the bar slightly smaller, don't change an iconic look! And don't wait until you've been found out before commenting on it, this annoys me way more than it should!
They're probably struggling because people barely even buy Toblerone's.
Problem solved...

http://s1.b3ta.com/host/creative/55979/1478598343/Toblerone.jpg
2016 claims another victim
Wow, first Creme Eggs, now Toblerone.

Mondelez are monsters. I'd be happy to suck up the increased price so that they didn't mess with the formula. Creme eggs were a household delight for years before they got their grubby hands on them. 
Texting the family now to remove them from my Xmas wish list. Hope I get a box of Starbars again.
My interest rate and now this, it can't get any worse.
This is an outrage and yet another example of why US companies should not be allowed to take ownership of British confectionery.

Worse still, when you go to open it this Christmas, it's going to be a 50/50 lottery on whether you get a good one or a bad one. So thanks for spoiling Christmas as well. 

Basically they come along, say it is not what we like so we are changing it. Why the fuck did you buy it to start with. It's not like you picked up a startup and are making it work. This is history and tradition you are fucking with.

And in line with British tradition, I'm going to give this a good stern and scornful look of distain.  
[Even porn stars are upset over the Toblerone travesty hehe.](https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/5cwy98/hi_everyone_i_am_pornstar_tori_black_ama/da00j2q/)
No they fucking don't, have you seen the weary faces of people who live in the [Sundarbans](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sundarbans). One minute you're doing the laundry, next your tiger food.....
Could be worse; could be the Costa [Wiltshire Ham & Cheese](http://www.gatwickairport.com/globalassets/restaurants/costa/2016/slider-ham-and-cheese.png) one... arguably better than their normal one with cheese on top as well as inside. I'm addicted.
Me too. They are rather moreish, aren't they.
They are my favourite too!! 
I tried a 'balanced' katsu chicken slice the other day.  It's liquid curry in a cardboard bulge.  Total wank. 
Nope. Thought it sounded like a good idea and it tasted like I was chowing down on a dogshit wrapped in pastry.
There's steak and Stilton sausage rolls? 

Bugger me I'll have to go into a greggs.
Nah. It's not.
If you know someone who is an etymologist then saying it can be a bit dicey. 
I wish this error would just dice already.
but only a problem for pedants
I was going to ask if this was Crawley but looking at your flair, probably not. The guy who works in the ticket office there is an evil prick who gets off on denying everyone everything. But the cruel twist is, he looks like Bob Ross. 
Peak.
I'm not much of a complainer but I would make a formal complaint about that
 That's utter bollocks the blokes a total jobs worth. 
Since when is it any business of the ticket office people whether your ticket is valid for immediate travel  (within the next two minutes!) or not?  That's between you and the guard, is it not?

Ridiculous jobsworths... 
THAT'S the only reason? Not because he's egotistical madman who wants war with everyone?
You're doing that thing the wife does. She starts off with 'I' and then it becomes 'We', but she really meant 'You'.
And how quickly he'll get his lawyers out to sue all the women who accused him?  Is his bite as bad as his bark?  Woof woof
It won't exactly go into meltdown though. The election was rigged conspiracy theorists will have enough material to feast on for months. 
i also look forward to the coming pogrom of non white people who will be blamed for everything 
I have said this more than once, but that's because my boiler's broken and I've had no hot water or heating for a week and a half.

Getting it replaced on Friday though, because I just hate having too much money in my savings :(
The winter is the best season there is
I have a pulled shoulder. I need to keep it relaxed. The cold means I'm hunched up and shivering, which is the opposite of relaxed.
I hate how dark it is and the cold is aggravating my bad knee. 
And it's not even Winter yet.
I've already had enough of winter because we recently got a smart metre fitted and also have an 18 month old baby. So we're trying to not use so much gas and electric but we also don't want to freeze to death
It feels like I've been smacked in the face with Winter, and I'm not overly okay with that.

Working till 10pm tonight, so that sounds like no fun.
I love winter weather for being outside, but being ill and stuck inside a dance house which is impossible to heat? Sitting with layers and layers on including a blanket with a fan heater directed straight at me is not fun and is going tonight a fortune.

I normally love winter, that has changed this year. I always hate the fact it is dark when you start work and dark when you finish too but I can normally deal with that when there are upsides.
Come on now, it'll be all over in another 1-1500 days depending on who wins. 
>Sky  
  
Well there's your problem
I've ended up puting a fifty quid bet on Trump to win. This way I will be happy if he loses (cos like, not the end of civilisation as we know it), and at least have some money to blow if he wins (while the world burns).
Embrace it! I spent 30 minutes listening to a New Zealand radio station yesterday in order to catch a 5 minute segment with a polling expert about early voting turnout numbers in Florida.


...On reflection, I may have a problem.
it's like the UK having to choose between Thatcher - and a reanimated dug-up Thatcher. An awful decision either way.
What about all the ~~buses that got their safely~~ countries not having elections, TV? Why don't you cover them?
It's only for another day or two.

Then, at least, whoever wins, there'll be a lot less uncertainty about the whole thing, and we can then get on with the important task at hand, of laughing at America for clearly being less capable than we are at making important decisions.
To be fair, this is probably the most interesting election anywhere in good while... even if just for the spectacle of shit-flinging.
im a big fan of american history so to me its nice to be around to see the end of it all. 
It will affect the entire world. You may not care, but you should probably try and at least feign a mild interest. 
I hate to say it, but now we know what it feels like to be a colony.
The real issue is getting your news from Sky.
I'm sick of it, I couldn't give a fuck who wins, they're both shitty candidates who are as bad as each other, I'm sick of the incredibly biased US media and I'm sick that we have to hear about it every day
Your problem is that you get your news from sky
Sorry about that. We promise we'll try to keep the noise down after tomorrow.

I'm not saying we will, but we'll try.

Edit: I am so gods damned sorry. We tried and now we've damned you and the rest of the world with our bullshit for at least four years. I am so. Fucking. Sorry.
On behalf of America, we're sorry this happened. Bear with us for a short time longer and we will defeat the fascist threat. I think the west needs to have a serious discussion about Putin. It's clear he is meddling. 
I'm already fed up 
Meanwhile I can only get whispers of Brexit. Did you guys Brexit, Brexit.
Yeah it's mental isn't it, almost as if the next leader of the largest super power in the world matters - who'd have thought... 

Back to news about smaller Toblerone please!
well buddy, [i got news for you](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2SWFr66GEg&feature=youtu.be&t=34)

america is the most important country in the goddam world
What's a TV?
Speak for yourself. I aint panicing, just changed my christmas order to Star Bars. I admit I paniced a bit when they changed them to Peanut boosts, but after a stern telling off they changed them back to Star Bars.
Are you sure you didn't just buy a loaf of bread?

Do I need to call the nurse back over?
*LUXURY!!!*  In our day oop narth we felt like every Christmas had come together if we were given gravel squashed between two slices of solidified phlegm.  Clearly supermarkets today want to return to the good old days and I'm not really understanding what you're complaining about.  
Those damn sand witches 
i feel obligated to tell this story so nobody suffers the fate of a £5-6 salad sandwich


went to poplars, ordered egg/mayo baguette, took baguette back to table, opened baguette, baguette consisted entirely of salad leaves. i am not exaggerating, it was entirely salad. should've taken a picture but i ate the damn thing because i was hungry, too hungry to stop eating it and protest some more


they'd just smeared egg mayo on top to give it the appearance of an actual meal and i was thoroughly miffed but not enough to say anything about it


don't buy poplars sandwiches people, don't be forced to experience a loaf of bread stuffed with a single handful of salad like me
Let me guess, the three prawns were all along the edge that faces the little window on the packet?
Take a photo and complain. Threaten to post it on social media. You'd be surprised how generous supermarkets are when you complain. 
*seem

*stopped
Philpotts is the place to buy a sandwich. They make it in front of you.
I'm sure your dentist won't mind sharing.
[deleted]
Greggs still do good sandwiches
I have the opposite problem- sandwich shop near me does a cheese sandwich that has half a block of cheese in it. You can barely get the sandwich shut half the time. 
Used to buy a wrap type sarnie every weekend or two, but since they went to slices, I knew it'd be sod all filling so gave it up as a bad job.

if I wanted a bad, two slices of bread sarnie, I could do that myself before I head out ;)
Can't go wrong with a Tesco butty in my area. Asda on the other hand   seem to enjoy putting rat poison in their fillings.
That's Austerity for you :/
Upper Crust still put real fillings in their sarnies, shame they only have branches at railway stations.
No-one, for you.
[deleted]
You don't need to vote yet I'm a celebrity hasn't started 
