smart move. good pr, and theres no point having outdoor clothing if theres no outdoors to wear it in.
Yvon Chouinard has always been a stand up guy.
I don't often buy new clothes or gear, but when I do I like to try and support Patagonia (if I have enough money, which is a big if). Their stuff is far from inexpensive, but they make quality stuff that will last and they seem to make every effort to do it in a responsible way. 

Even if you take the cynical stance and say it's all just marketing, that doesn't bother me at all. I'm totally fine with companies doing good things to earn my business. 
I honestly wish they would have stated this/knew it ahead because I would have easily bought something from them on Black Friday had I known.

Edit: Learned from the comments it was advertised ahead of time but I'm not in the loop enough to see it. Don't know much about Patagonia at all but just wish to support more companies like this in the future. Any further info on environmentally friendly companies and who I should be giving my money to I'm happy to hear. :)
Cool.
Have they decided where they are donating it to?

Don't know why half the comments here are angry.
That's the value of at least 5 of their jackets 
Patagonia is a Benefit Corporation, so they are allowed to use profits for public benefits instead of owner or shareholder profits.
That's seriously amazing and I don't want to take away from it... but I just have to point out that the guy who wrote the article is named Harry Cockburn. 
That's why I buy from these guys.  It's more $, but the clothes are made well, responsibly, and guaranteed. 
So they only sold 34 jackets and 5 backpacks then?
Ethical consumption isn't enough, when we don't have a green economy. Join us at /r/OurPresident to follow Bernie's lead in creating an economy based on what should be important values, of environmental stewardship and sustainability.
Question... I know they state they are donating sales, but do they actually mean profit?  Sales seems like they are taking a loss for every item sold (material/labor/manufacturing costs, etc.), which seems like a crazy move. 

If it is sales and not profit, can they write those losses off?




Is there a list of the charities/organizations they support?

Or is it just a part of the 1% for the planet program, which means it would be these non-profits - http://onepercentfortheplanet.org/nonprofitsearches/


So they sold about 13 sweaters?
As great as this is, I hope it creates enough publicity to make up for this loss considering that this is not a good busines model.  The reason it is called Black Friday is that this day represents the time that companies typically enter the "black" for financials.

Maybe other companies will follow the lead and donate 10% of Black Friday sales in the future.  If this was a thing it would likely motivate more people to participate and could even offset the loss by doing so.
I'm not even into the whole "green" idea, but that's pretty awesome.  I love the outdoors; good to see people helping out with wildlife stuff.

Edit: is there a list of organizations they gave to, and amounts?  Would be a shame if they did this for publicity, like Susan G. Komen Fund or Wounded Warriors Foundation; or even worse, have it to some hack organization that doesn't do anything useful.
Wait they only make /r/outdoor clothes? 
They should donate waterproof warm clothing to the North Dakota protesters.
Well they just got my business forever.
K. 


Nice PR
check out the guns on that broad
Not too hard to donate $10m when a button up shirt is $300...
Wouldn't it have been better just not to manufacture those clothes in the first place?
Billionaires giving millions to billionaires. Yay?
Hopefully not to the anti nuclear luddites Patagonia often supports 
That's great, but they don't mention which ones.  I'd be willing to bet that the vast majority of it went to the big name organizations where the conservation impact per dollar is far, far smaller than it is if donated to the smaller, on-the-ground organizations that don't have as much overhead to deal with.
What a noble way to commit economic suicide
The situation is a bit more complex than the article suggests. 

Back in [1990](http://www.ipcc.ch/ipccreports/far/wg_I/ipcc_far_wg_I_chapter_07.pdf) the IPCC published [this graph](http://imgur.com/EgA1R3k) of NH ice extent. 

We can clearly see that the "start of satellite records" was back in 1973, and that the often cited "start of records" in 1978 was starting at a peak. 

Going further back studies showed a cyclical pattern [1920's through to 1975](http://notrickszone.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/Arctic-Sea-Ice-1920-1975-768x505.jpg). In fact [a pattern](http://i.imgur.com/0yXrzo9.png) that marries very well with the AMO. Just as arctic ice [continues](http://www.woodfortrees.org/plot/esrl-amo/from:1978/scale:-1/mean:12/plot/nsidc-seaice-n/from:1978/mean:12/normalise) too. And as many papers have agreed (e.g. [this one](http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/2013GL058084/abstract), and [this](http://iopscience.iop.org/article/10.1088/1748-9326/7/3/034011/meta;jsessionid=0F6DC7FC826DD3F39F8108A6606DEC16.c5.iopscience.cld.iop.org) one ). 

Why just 1984? Because, as ever they like to start at a peak. Makes better headlines. 

Why just 4 year old ice? If mankind has been melting arctic ice for decades, shouldn't it be decades old ice melting? 

{Feel free to downvote, but please have the balls to say why...}
[Streamable mirror](https://streamable.com/bc6x)   
___   
   
I'm a bot.   
If you have any suggestions you can message my creator here: [PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=eRodY&subject=[TwitterToStreamable]%20-%20t3_5fpg7n)
Where I live we have had an abnormally wet winter, that said those I talk to at the weather Bureau are say that this will be the last wet season for a very long time. Drought is to be the new normal.
Fuck. China was my last great hope.
This is so true. I think there's hope though- he's quite malleable in both directions.
thanks for the notice - not good!
Are the pipeline construction workers evacuating?
>citing harsh weather

pretty cowardly thing to say.
I guess these Protesters are no match for winter, haha they will go protest some stuff down south for the winter. 
Yup, emergency evac.. just like they called during Katrina.. and what happened to citizens who wanted to refuse and stay with their property? 
Yup. I don't really see any other pipelines not making it through after this. What a slap in the face to the Paris Agreement.
He also announced a carbon tax.  Increasing fossil fuel production is the new goal, since it generates more tax revenue.
Ugh. :'(
This isn't the first time we have done it...in fact we've cleaned up compared to what we did before
"So the people who gave their lives to the coal mines in the expectation of getting a steady pension in retirement will likely get screwed (again). Coal workers may get screwed (again), with new, stingier contracts and fewer benefits. West Virginia ecosystems will get screwed (again), as the state comes up short on cleanup costs. And taxpayers will get screwed (again), by having to cover the company’s obligations.

The executives, however, will get a fresh start, their bad bets forgiven, with big salaries and a streamlined company." 

Harsh

Edit: Savage
Scum.
Sounds like jail time should be involved

Big fat jerks
Shocking. 
Where was DEP's due diligence? Especially with the liability clause for the execs you might want to look at their books a little closer
Nice subsidies they get not having to clean up after themselves.
Relevant from 2014:  [Alpha coal executives get $2 million bonus amid falling stock price and record Clean Water Act fines](http://grist.org/article/alpha-coal-executives-get-2-million-bonuses-amid-falling-stock-price-and-record-clean-water-act-fines/)
Clean Coal Cook Book
Can someone ELI5?
This is a bit off-topic, but is this quality of writing typical of Vox? This was a well-researched article, but the slang and very casual tone annoyed me throughout. 
Why is behavior from companies like this not criminal?
>The night before Thanksgiving, I arrive at Oceti Sakowin, the main camp just south of Bismarck, North Dakota, on the Standing Rock Reservation.

It's not on the reservation; [it's on federal land.](http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/dakota-access-pipeline-protesters-told-leave-dec-43815929)

>who have arrived to winterize yurts, tiny houses, trailers, bunk houses and other structures to get ready for the harsh North Dakota winter.

Which they're not allowed to do on federal land.

>which had ben blockaded by burned out trucks and cars set on fire by police weeks earlier.

At least one of which was [burned down by the protesters.](http://m.motherjones.com/environment/2016/10/armed-man-dakota-access-pipeline-protest-dapl)
I'm vegetarian, but I'm willing to make an exception if these fuckers were readily available in the store.
This is a stupid ass article. It's totally worth it to recycle aluminum, steel and cardboard. Sometimes plastic loses money but the others make up for it. My town already doesn't do it for glass because it's so cheap to make but so what, land filling glass doesn't cause any problems.
holy shit, did vegas grow...
I would say your best bet is in research given your background in physics. You could go more applied work in engineering.

Physics is a good major and it opens up a lot of opportunities that aren't specifically tied to physics as it is too theoretical in most applications.
All the renewable action is in Finance. Solar alone is all about finance, with out the financing in place the engineers will be sitting home waiting for it. 
This is one of those things that affects everyone, but seems impossible to change because of economic factors. the average consumer for so-called "fast fashion" does not make much money, yet feels social pressure to be somewhat fashion-conscious. 

I am the same way, I have to admit. Working in the public sector, I don't make much money, and buy most of my clothes off the Target closeout rack. I do try to buy things at the Goodwill but men tend to wear their clothes down to the nubbin. 

I would love to buy clothes that last from environmentally reputable companies like Patagonia, but who can afford an $80 flannel shirt? Not me.
World Wildlife Fund. I give to them yearly. :)
Climate Science Legal Defense Fund http://climatesciencedefensefund.org/donate/

Edit: The Climate Science Legal Defense Fund (CSLDF) was created five years ago to help climate scientists fight back against politically-motivated harassment. 
First Light Project

It should be challenging. Hell, it should be a damned non-starter. I still can't believe this is our reality.
Thanks a lot Australia, it was my dream to see it one day and now both my dream and your reef are dead...
It's not bots, it's annoying, neck beard, basement dwelling trolls. *There are a loooooot of them.*
Like you, I am astounded at the amount of anti-environmentalism that's come into /r/environment over the past year or two. The problem is, if we went to their subreddits and trolled like they do, we'd be banned quicker than a duck on a junebug.
I'd be interested to read how they think oil "helps" the environment.
Really, try saying a vegan diet has drawbacks.
Attention human. Your comment is a perfect illustration of why the environment doesn't matter. Buy more coal. Mmmm delicious coal.
Leaded or unleaded?

Edit: I guess Nestle will end up selling it to the national guard to be handed out in Flint.  
Pesticides from vegetables, polymers from plastics, hormones from drinking water, etc etc etc our bodies have turned into mobile chemical testing laboratories and we have no idea how many chemicals we are getting in or what their effects could be . 
And people scoff when I say they should only eat locally grown organic food.

Even then it's still a risk. We are in for a rough future unless something changes
Is God punishing his children? Should the government interfere? Is everyone expected to bail out people who support the climate change denier in chief?
My magic balls predict this number to double every 10 years. 
But nucular energy is the future tho
Local utilities started a battle against economics and are losing. 
Rayleigh Scattering deals primarily with particles (or molecules) that are much smaller than the wavelength of visible light.  You also need to consider that there are larger particles in the atmosphere.  Many of them are in the wavelength of visible light.  While I do not have any reference that deals with this as an aesthetic issue, I do have the following link on particle transmissometry.  Hope it helps.

https://nepis.epa.gov/Exe/ZyPURL.cgi?Dockey=9101GJCN.TXT

[Plant-based protein!](http://i.imgur.com/KexRyhQ.jpg)

[This article](http://www.pcrm.org/health/diets/vegdiets/how-can-i-get-enough-protein-the-protein-myth) might also help you out. Hit up r/vegetarian, r/vegan, r/PlantBasedDiet, r/VegRecipes, r/veganrecipes, r/EatCheapAndVegan for some more.   
hemp seed. easiest resource to grow, best for environment, 10g of protein per ounce of seeds. Sprinkle on anything

I wouldn't worry too much about soy. It's already much better to eat soy than it is to consume meat.

If you must avoid soy, check out seitan, which is made from wheat protein. There are thousands of recipes just a quick google search away.

On second thought, check out seitan even if you don't want to avoid soy.

Here's one of my favorite recipes. (recipe in comments about halfway down.)
https://np.reddit.com/r/food/comments/4p6jf5/grilled_bbq_seitan/
Wouldn't that be Washington? 
I'm confused. The link only took me to the title and subtitle of the article, not its text.
The article mentions a ceremony celebrating installation of the safety dome. I found video: 
https://youtu.be/AjPau5QYtYs
But... the science... the rest of the world.... we know....

This is literally unbelievable to me. I spent years studying environmental science and our President is going to have an official stance that climate change is not a thing...

I can't even...
Thanks America.
We already had little hope of mitigating the worst of climate change already, but with Trump in office I am certain that was the nail in the coffin. Sometimes I think about dying before I see the world truly go to shit, so my last memories of my life on Earth are ones where the planet was still habitable.
Fucking embarrasing for this country.
Murica! 
I feel like the federal government is about to become an organization of literal Captain Planet villains.

[There are still people who believe what this fraud has to say...](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/11/22/politics/donald-trump-climate-change-new-york-times/)
Trump just killed the planet.
Give him a stern talking to. Yep, that'll work.
I agree 100%. We need to protect these areas from anyone who would try to damage them for profit.
Solar is now cheaper, so the profit is now in solar farms and batteries.

Greed will take care of the rest.
Great idea in principle but a president can't create something he himself (or the next president) can't break.

I suppose he could "de-power" himself if he's feeling feisty - "I hereby decree that presidents can't issue decrees anymore"?

If he actually cared for humanity more than his own life, he'd off Trump the next time he sees him :D
If you're interested in helping out, monetary donations can be sent to American Red Cross. Local first responders are requesting Gatorade and water bottles sent to RAM Headquarters at 2200 Stock Creek Blvd, Rockford, TN 37853. You can call them at (865) 579-1530 to make sure their needs haven't changed. 


I don't see any hope at all, to be honest. I'm doing all I can to cut down on emissions, and I won't be having kids either, which I think is one of the best things one can do for the environment.

I try to appreciate what we have left. It doesn't do much, but it was pretty cathartic to put up nestboxes for birds in a nearby rural park last spring and rip out the occasional invasive plant I see on my walks. I'm thinking about planting a few trees next spring as well and starting a vegetable garden too. If there ends up being widespread crop failure, I will at least be somewhat prepared for it.

Also, contact your local representative! They might not listen but it's still worth a try.
I just donated to the natural resources defense council, they have a great charity navigator rating and it really seems like legal issues are going to be such a massive part of mitigating the damage that's to come. It looks like someone is matching donations made to them today too!
I have no idea which charities will have the biggest impact out there, but today I plan to donate to the Environmental Defense Fund and the Nature Conservancy of Canada. They were both ranked top on charity navigator and charity intelligence respectively. And being an avid birder I may also donate to the Audubon Society as well.
Great question.  Perhaps someone can provide us with a list or several with one or two suggestions.
Prescribed burning has always been criticized due to the risk of these fires getting out of control. 
I actually think Trump would listen to the Pope on this issue.

I sure hope so anyway. He seems to share the same distrust in science as so many conservatives, but maybe he'll listen to Pope Frank.
I am not religious but I really respect and appreciate what the pope is saying about listening to science.

Kind of funny that the pope is trying to convince Donald Trump to believe sciencists though. What a world
> A massive campaign of angry phone calls and indignant emails to departments planning to travel to North Dakota succeeded in persuading multiple sheriffs — elected officials — the brutal tactics used against peaceful Standing Rock Sioux and other water protectors have been a gross abuse of power.

Writing to your local officials works  guys. Do it 
Dallas?  That's amazing!
Am I missing something? Are we supposed to be applauding them because they're cutting down forests to build golf courses and horse arenas? (If we put a 'nature center' there, no one will notice the 1000 missing acres of forest!) And removing trees mitigates flooding how?

'Biggest park' sounds great if you're replacing former industrial sites; not so much if you're replacing natural woodlands.  
Did they not include Reddit posters in this study? We would've beaten Germany by a mile.
But how will water protectors be pigeon holed as dirty hippies/greedy indians if they are also military heroes? An epic collision of narratives is about to occur.
The amount in question is certainly not "all of Michigan's water." You weaken your case when you put a falsehood in your headline.
Stop buying bottled water. Or at least go for municipal sourced.
So Nestle takes fresh water from Michigan, bottles it, then sells it to the government to give to residents of Flint until they can figure out a long-term solution. Nothing shady going on here folks, move along. 
These titles are making it sound like the company is sneaking around in the dark syphoning water and then scampering away. This isn't what's happening at all. 

Nestle isn't stealing water, the state of Michigan is giving it away to them. 
I am genuinely confused about your headline after reading through the article twice. Nowhere in the article is the DAPL or the protests mentioned. Both of these are important, but in no way is Nestlé hiding or using NoDAPL as a cover, they're using the same shitty coverage of local news for land use and corrupt politicians that they did for Cascade Locks in Oregon. Both stories, DAPL and Nestlé need more coverage. 
Is there any hard science about how this change is harmful, or is it just some guy saying 400 "seems like too much"?
Just don't buy it
They are stealing water from Aberfoyle Ontario too. They pay next to nothing and basically suck the aquifer dry 
Wouldn't you do it too?  The biggest problem is not Nestle, but the fact that the government allows Nestle to do this.  I have a hard time going after companies when it is the people in congress at the state and federal level who allow this to happen.  They are the one's allowing these companies to take the water.  The fight is against the government, not Nestle.  The big corporations are always going to look at their profit margins and figure out how they can make more, it's the governments job to protect the people not these businesses.  
If you want change, speak up and contact your local congressman or women.
>OMG, an evil corporation is doing things!

You forgot your tinfoil hat. 
Nestle is like Emperor Palpatine - it relishes in its evil.
All the lead too? :)
Haha, joke's on Nestle, MI water is  full of lead.
> “This kind of rifting behavior provides another mechanism for rapid retreat of these glaciers, adding to the probability that we may see significant collapse of West Antarctica in our lifetimes.”

8,000 years from the birth of agriculture to rendering large parts of dry land uninhabitable or not arable. Oh well, *homo sapiens* had a good run, I guess.
Every month or so they discover another way that the ice sheets are changing in a more rapid manner. Melting on top, melting below, add on some black pollutant to increase that and make it float away. Good job humanity!
> If the CO2 greenhouse effect is magnified in high latitudes, as now seems likely, deglaciation of West Antarctica would probably be the first disastrous result of continued fossil fuel consumption. A disquieting thought is that if the present highly simplified climatic models are even approximately correct, this deglaciation may be part of the price that must be paid in order to buy enough time for industrial civilisation to make the changeover from fossil fuels to other sources of energy. If so, major dislocations in coastal cities, and submergence of low-lying areas such as much of Florida and the Netherlands, lies ahead. More sophisticated climatic modelling may show that the outlook is less alarming than this, but on the other hand, it may show that the situation is even more threatening.  

[J.H. Mercer, 1978.](https://courses.seas.harvard.edu/climate/eli/Courses/global-change-debates/Sources/18-West-Antarctic-ice-sheets/nature_mercer_1978_wais.pdf)
The article says:

> Conservationists in Scotland are watching the march of the grey squirrel northward with considerable alarm. They believe the red squirrel, indigenous to the British Isles, could be completely wiped out in a generation, and they are blaming the grey squirrel, which was introduced from North America in the late 19th century.
the fish were dead to begin with. you can't freeze live fish, in place, and have them stay in perfectly formed schools, let alone the words "HELLO!"
As terrible as some think this is, I feel like most will ignore the resources that will now be wasted in draining and refilling this rink. I think that is probably worse than the outrage over some fish that they claim were already dead.  The remedy is going to be more damaging than he initial thing.
Thousands of already dead fish.
The Japanese are angered at this, and yet they are alright with whaling. Weird.
Not necessarily that immoral considering the fishing industry, but just weird, gross, and in poor taste.
Really a cool idea and would have been quite beautiful if they would have just used fake fish. Or pictures under the ice, like it looks like they did for the rays in the second picture. 
People get upset over the weirdest shit.
Fucking jap scumbags again. Must be the same crews that needlessly hunt whales. At least some of their own are rebelling against these atrocious acts, though!
A link to the report referenced in the news article  https://www.sei-international.org/mediamanager/documents/Publications/ArcticResilienceReport-2016.pdf
This needs more attention. 
This is Abrupt Climate Change.
But what about the in depth research done by pauline hanson. She has the best intrest of the reef in mind
OMG THE GREAT BARRIER REEF DIDN'T DIE?!
There's a huge solar farm being built just outside of Flint by one of Michigan's electric companies. I think individual companies are wanting to move towards cheaper, renewable energies, because that's where the future is headed. 
Hey, that's where I'm from! The first good environmental thing that's happened around here in a while, unfortunately. 
I like to imagine if these companies were guests at your family dinner.  Uncle Nestle and Cousin Coca Cola come around, and they always leave a huge mess, so Momma National Park Service says "Hey, no more plastic bottles at dinner".  So instead of just listening to Momma NPS, Uncle Nestle and Cousin Coca Cola go to Daddy Supreme Court and say "Hey, we have a right to bring these bottles.  We are making money from these bottles.  It doesn't matter that Momma NPS has to clean them up.  That's her job anyways".
Water is a right, not a privilege. We need more bottle filling stations everywhere. Don't buy anything Nestlé. 
more than plastic itself, the problem is in the people, how hard is it to bring an empty bottle home and throw it in the recycle bin?
How hard is it for Coca Cola/Nestle to make some long-lasting refillable "canteens" and sell them at nat'l parks for a profitable margin?
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=gFhefR_w6kU
Is there a reason that this is targeting bottled water only and not sodas/sports drinks? Is there a problem with somebody buying a plastic bottle of water then refilling it a few times then throwing it into the recycling bin? I guess I'm just confused as to why the healthiest beverage option is being singled out while the others are allowed to continue being sold despite the lower probability of a bottle of Coke getting refilled versus a Dasani 

Also, is there any evidence that plastic bottles of water are actually a huge part of the waste littering America's national parks? Not doubting it, just wanting to know if there's any actual evidence or it's purely anecdotal.

Could this whole problem be solved if only re-usable prefilled bottles of water were sold at the parks or maybe some receptacle in the vending machine to scan/recycle the bottle to get a discount on another?
Even if you might not be Canadian, this site seems to have the info you want https://treecanada.ca/en/programs/grow-clean-air/carbon-calculator/

Sometimes cities will offer saplings at a reduced price to help improve urban tree cover, so you could look into that too.
And by managed they mean shoot every wolf in sight until there isn't any left
I live in this area (upper peninsula of Michigan actually), and a certain large segment of people around here are absolutely fucking NUTS about wolves. I live here, in the middle of the woods, and I've never actually seen a wolf in the wild in my life. Coyotes yes, wolf no.

Yet every day people tell you these insane bs stories about how a wolf killed their dog, their cow, attacked their *children* lol. It's absolute hysteria, like you can't step foot outside the house without a vicious wolf pack surrounding you. All because they desperately want to be able to go out searching for one to shoot.

People are nuts.
If you got money buy an electric car or plug in hybrid. Advancing the technology probably does more good than all the oil you won't use. Consider getting solar panels as well.
They are getting pummeled every day by freezing cold water, mace and rubber bullets.  What was the ACOE thinking?  They will have more luck making the other guys go away.  But no, that's not how capitalism works.  Fuck the little guys. Right?
Heroes.

Good, stand your gown and don't let big oil walk all over you. 
>Republican Sen. John Hoeven also urged protesters to "respect the law and peacefully leave" the protest area.

>"The well-being and property of ranchers, farmers and everyone else living in the region should not be threatened by protesters who are willing to commit acts of violence," he said in a statement.

>Meanwhile, a number of Bismarck-Mandan residents held a rally to "Back the Blue" on Saturday.

>Bismarck police arrested more than 30 people at a mall Friday for alleged criminal trespassing involving the protesters. About 100 protesters had gathered to generate a prayer circle, which police said disrupted Black Friday shopping.

Fuck these people.
I can't imagine this ending well for the protestors
Where is the Democratic Party on this issue? Bernie is only one in higher public office, with few exceptions, who seems to care about the pipeline and the protestors.

There's only one thing left for us to do - continue organizing. Join us at /r/OurPresident to follow Bernie's lead in taking over the Democratic Party, and make them adopt a more pro-environment agenda.
Someone should call up plant lady Jill Stein. 
> The free speech zone the Army Corps has proposed south of the Cannonball River is slightly more than 41 acres and provides clearer jurisdiction for police, fire and medical units. 

Free speech zone?  

What the fucking fuck?
"unpermitted protest activities"... FUCK YOU.
[deleted]
I'd love to see the army try to kick out vets. That should go over well.

Just move the pipeline. 
> "The well-being and property of ranchers, farmers and everyone else living in the region should not be threatened by protesters who are willing to commit acts of violence," -Republican Sen. John Hoeven

Whether they are willing to be violent is immaterial since they haven't yet actually done so. The police and the merc security force, on the other hand, has been quite violent. I think in the name of public safety we should get those latter groups off of the land.
What if 100,000 people went there? 
The ACoE, wanted them to leave the northern camp because once winter sets in they will be trapped there and there is little chance of them being rescued. They want them to move to the southern camp.
Why not protest the 5 pipelines already on this land they dont own??

Ohhhh thats right, They reneged on the millions of dollars they agreed to take, and now want more.. 

Greedy
Fuck these so called "protestors" and guck the media for keeping coverage of it. 
Do you want to get the hose again? Because that's how you get the hose again.
No white people? No story.
What does this have to do with football or donald trump
>Trump needs to embrace Obama's

I am not a Trump supporter, but good grief! Does anyone really think Trump is going to embrace Obama's anything?  Headlines like these make me think the whole point of the article is to sell advertising.  

Not intended as a bash of the poster.
This comes across to me as a puff piece. Let's ask everybody how to find hope. To me this approach minimizes what's happening, like a form of denial. Let's just turn our attention away from the tsunami and grasp any floating straws of hope.
Not buying dairy at all
Actively denying it exists. 
About time. Hopefully they'll stop burning things and leave. I'm betting they won't and the National Gaurd will have to be called in. Can't wait to see them get maxed and sent away with.
I assume you mean heat pump.  The heat pump is more efficient down to around 30° give or take some depending on the age of the heat pump.   The reason is a heat pump moves heat from one location to another as opposed to space heaters which must create heat by electric resistance.  http://energy.gov/energysaver/heat-pump-systems
For an island, fossil fuels must be delivered, so solar power is more economical, especially near the equator.

> Tutuila has subsidized Ta’u diesel shipments for decades to the tune of US$400,000 a year

The question is how to store power at night. The headline failed to mention Tesla batteries, which are key.
No, its just another pipeline in the larger infrastructure. There's nothing special about this one besides that it's the confluence of public attention (lack of consent from indigenous people, as you noted) . There's already a pipeline crossing the river where DAPL will cross. There's nothing particular saying that his pipeline "will" break under the river more than any other pipeline. If it were to break directly under the river or in an area adjacent, it would certainly pollute the river and be washed downstream until it's turned off. As this is a buried pipeline, the risk is very low, but still non-zero. The result would probably kill off anything living off the waters or in the waters. 

imo, fear of this pipeline bursting might be the stem reason people are protesting, but the lack of consent from the Tribes and increased militarization of police in response to protests are what people should be paying attention to. The native people here have no legal recourse against infrastructure development that's permitted and approved by state and federal government. Protesting is the only way to get their voice heard. Even so, the pipeline is probably going to get built... if you don't like it, VOTE. Change the Laws, change the regulations. I don't think the protest will stop construction, but it can play a part in drawing public attention. 
Those that can will buy it from Nestle. 
What is the best way to support the protesters at Standing Rock? I see a number of different camps listed as part of the protest - Sacred Stone Camp, Oceti Sakowin, Red Warrior, Rosebud - do I donate to each individually? But I understand the Sioux tribal council has asked the Red Warrior camp to stand down. Is there another way to support the efforts of the folks in North Dakota? 
He'll replace the planet with something amazing!
The problem is much larger and more complex than Trump.  Hopefully focusing on Trump won't cause us to lose focus on industries, utilities, lifestyle, population growth, and other climate damaging factors.

Guess what I'm trying to say is that by being a lighting rod he provides cover for other climate damaging sources  
I keep telling people this. Don't worry about the ocean rises right now, that is a long term problem that can be handled reasonably well. The food and water supply will be the big hitter long before the sea front homes fall into the ocean.
This doesn't link to the article. 
Working link- www.thestar.com/amp/news/world/2016/11/27/southerners-clear-beaver-dams-to-battle-eight-month-drought.html 
and ignore the DAPL protests
thanks for the write up, and for going out and doing something. there's certainly more than just the people at Standing Rock that appreciate it. as a fellow lover of the planet though, I just want to point out that you shouldn't have brought your own firewood. I walked across Colorado this summer and you guys have an Asian wood boring beetle epidemic. half the forests in Colorado are dying. transporting firewood across large land masses is what contributes to their spread. not trying to nit-pick but I feel it's worth mentioning. if any one else is considering going out there to bring supplies and help, please leave your local firewood at home. 
"promise them death"

oh cmon. quit being so dramatic. also, there is a huge difference between the army corps of engineers vs the armed forces. one is a bunch of nerds and bureaucrats charged with national infrastructure regulation, and the other is a bunch of jacked dudes with guns. the FORMER is the one issuing legal action.
The fuck is an empath?
I am in complete support of the Standing Rock protest. However, three things I have a problem with here. One, empath makes you lose credibility. Two, telling people to completely disregard every person's version of events except for the Native American's is not what we need. We need factual, unbiased reporting. Three, the details of the Army's letter is not them "promising death." I don't want to be rude here, but I disregard posts like these because they are too one-sided. 
Yeah, labeling yourself as an empath does not exactly command credibility.  Great writeup though.  Thanks for posting, OP.
As a psychic, I can tell you that is not going to happen on the 5th.
>473 people had been arrested attempting to stand in the oil pipeline’s way. Freelance reporters, documentary filmmakers, producers of movement-building media, and independent activists armed with a cell phone have all been swept up in mass arrests that have been carried out almost weekly since October.

That doesn't sound like they were targeted.
Makes sense! Happy to hear that
Basically, because it results in a reduction of ground water, and water available for "other uses".

While water is certainly abundant on earth, it is not equally distributed, and much of it is non-potable.  Clean, fresh water is "relatively" rare.

The normal hydrologic cycle is that water falls to the ground, and slowly migrates through the soil through many routes.  It can be sucked up in vegetation, and eventually "transpired" back to the atmosphere.  It may penetrate deeply and held for years in underground reservoirs.  It can runoff as surface water directly into streams, lakes, rivers, etc...

However, water that enters the water supply is "fast-tracked" to the ocean.  It's held up in a reservoir, sent in pipes to a treatment plant, then pumped into the distribution network.  It's used and then sent down the sewer to a sewage treatment plant and then discharged.  If not directly into the ocean ... into some body of water that will lead there.

The argument is that these vast quantities of water that are used to produce "whatever", would be better used (for instance) as irrigation water, drinking water, etc...
Because the corporate masters know that if the public is informed on this, most people will side with Native Americans and be against blatant oil greed.

This is one of the rare instances where the MSM ignores it's bias for sensationalism, in favor of censorship by omission -- because covering the protest properly could come back to bite their profits in the ass.
The MSM really doesn't seem to think large gathering of pissed off people is notable news unless they happened to be pissed off about something that will make established businesses money. 
 Pipeline breaks are in no way unusual:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_pipeline_accidents_in_the_United_States_in_the_21st_century

(I know this isn't entirely relevant and I'm preaching to the choir but I've decided to post this in all DALP related posts I come across.)
They've been criminally under covered, and our representatives have been too quiet. With few exceptions, Bernie is the only strong advocate against the pipeline, and in support of the protestors.

Join us at /r/OurPresident to follow Bernie's lead in doing the right thing at this important moment. We've got to take over the Democratic Party.
I just want to tell you all how much I appreciate your discussion on this. As a North Dakotan, all I hear is 'blue lives matter', and it's SO frustrating. Omaha, Kansas City, St. Louis, Memphis, New Orleans, you're all downstream of this. That's drinking water for MILLIONS, not just those living on Standing Raq. 

To hear the governor spout his lies and misinformation, to read the completely crap from the sheriff. This isn't America. Just before Thanksgiving, Attorney General Wayne Stenehjem approved the sale of 1000 acres of Cannon Ball Ranch to Dakota Energy Partners. Early in 2016, North Dakotans OVERWHELMINGLY voted against Measure 1, that would allow corporations to own agricultural land.

North Dakotans SPECIFICALLY forbade corporations from owning ag land, yet the Atty General went right on behind their backs and said this sale was legit because 'it eases access to DAPL drilling sites'.

When the Attorney General can't even follow the law, what's the point of laws?

In all fairness they did criminalise covering it by prosecuting journalists. So it shouldnt be surprising
A sad world we live in folks.
Annunaki
It will be nice to have media matters doing something more useful again than playing defense for Hillary's missteps.
They just don't get it. This is a big part of the reason why the Democrats lost so bad this election cycle. They (and the MSM) are so disconnected with the people, yet they keep trying to shove this pre-packaged narrative on us at all costs instead of reporting objectively. 
It is underreported except when it can put a bad light on Trump like his investment in the pipeline. If they covered it more thoroughly, it would put a bad light on at least Obama and some of the Democrats.
What additional environmental threats does it pose that are not already present?
40 minute rant on MSM coverage of Standing Rock/DAPL

Watch "Jordan GOES OFF On Media's FALSE Standing Rock Coverage" on YouTube https://youtu.be/YCwIvRDRSVo
So was Bernie. You wanted a green planet? Should have had an article back in May about how Bernie was "Criminally Undercovered" and then maybe we wouldn't have an anti-environment POTUS. MSNBC, always spinning the truth and a day late to their own parties.
Only if you don't count [DemocracyNow!](http://www.democracynow.org) as the press...
Thanks Obama 
It's under reported partially because of the way north Dakotan's are raised. This is an annoyance. It's not worth reporting on something we just want to go away. The protestors are trespassing and we would all prefer they go home non violently. We want them to live happy and healthy lives. They will. When they put plywood over a barbed wire fence to get access to more land that isn't theirs, we are all more than happy to chuckle at their expense of getting hit by water. Then we go about our day not giving a fuck about it and making a living. Bar talk is all about how they'd plow thru the protestors or pick a fight with them. Talks of shooting them themselves. Then wheel of fortune or whatever comes on and we continue with our lives. 

ND people don't want national attention for piddly Shit. We just want to live our lives in peace and away from extreme bullshittery. It's why we chose a desolate ND life.
Along with 100,000 other incredibly important environmental stories. The only reason they're catching heat for this is because it went viral. The invasive pests and uncontrollable diseases literally wiping out our forests are not sexy on social media so no one is pushing for that or the other 99,999 stories. 
I mean what's the big deal? They're just Indians 
"Waah! You're not giving use enough media coverage! How else are we supposed to encourage people to break the law!?"
Reagan did it. George W did it. Now Trump is trying let the fossil fuel industries cash-in one more time before such poison is made illegal
Frightening. Just frightening.
When the trees can't reach the groundwater youre in trouble. The Glacial water is going....... Y'all like the desert? 
Are we just going backwards?  What do you think?
I think you accidentally a word 
Pretty idiotic to compare the carbon emissions on a per calorie basis. You don't eat vegetables for calories, you eat them for their nutrients (vitamins, fiber). You could just as easily say that going by CO2 emissions per 100 mg of Vitamin C, oranges are the most sustainable food to eat. A true statement, also utterly meaningless. 
You need to consider switching from vegetarianism to veganism. The dairy and the meat industries are interconnected, and together they are having a huge environmental impact.
Palm oil! Stay away from anything that doesn't have sustainably farmed palm oil. It's in just about everything. The harvesting of it is the cause several key species in south east Asia to be critically endangered
This might be a little crustier than your house set up currently... but reusing grey water makes a big difference. You could research systems to do this housewide, or be lazy and just remove the u-bend pipes from your sinks and put a large bucket underneath to use again for watering plants, flushing the toilet, etc.
Become carbon neutral. There is a cost to buying offset credits, so be prepared for that. Also, we have solar and an electric car, but the solar output is nowhere near enough to cover the energy input to the car. Commuting by bike is a better solution.  Finally, educate others!
Get involved with green groups - EDF, Nature conservancy, WWF, etc. Individual actions are great, but we need to influence culture and policy on a macro level now, and whatever you can spare in terms of help and involvement be greatly appreciated. 
reduce or completely switch off heating and/or ac, this of course will vary depending on the climate where you live. The flat where i live is at 16C/60F, often going as low as 14C but i don't mind, one more woolen sweater and i'm fine. the idea that you have to have 20C/68F in a flat is just a recently made up social custom. up until 60 years ago it was not uncommon to have no heating at all but a fireplace in the main living room, and they did just fine. guests may have some complaints though, but you know you'd be doing doing the right thing.
Do you have a garden for food?
where's you're electricity coming from ? if you have a choice buy renewable power.  Vote Green as well.

PS and good on you, well done.

We (my parter and I)

* Live in a house off the grid, solar only, (slow Satellite for internet, no cell service, no netflix etc etc)
* collect all our own water (drinking, garden etc)
* Cycle
* Had a vasectomy
* Grow lots of our own veg with no off property inputs aside from horse shit from the neighbour for composting
* Have chickens for meat/eggs and their manure for fertiliser (a must) and pest control. 
* She catches the school bus to her part time job (only bus service we get)
Wipe with your fingers and not toilet paper.
[This has been posted nearly 200x already, 9x times in this sub alone](https://www.reddit.com/search?q=florida+%22genetically+modified%22&restrict_sr=&sort=new&t=all)




Good. Attacking protestors is a huge waste of money and doesn't build confidence.
Proper response to non-violent protest on public property or consenting private property hosts.
Solar *freakin* roadways
I would love to live in one of these. This is one of those companies that's currently giving me faith in humanity. Would love to work for them on this. 
how was this submitted 9hrs ago with 268 upvotes and Zero comments?? 

i smell a new automated marketing trick
I could design something better.
However, petroleum in the ground is already sequestered carbon, they're the remains of plants and animals that took in carbon over their lifetimes and got locked into the ground over millions of years. The process of converting from petroleum to plastic involves energy and contributes emissions of its own. In the end, it's better to leave petroleum in the ground. Plastic pollution is also a huge problem in our oceans as well.

If you were to sequester carbon dioxide in the air to plastic though, you might be onto something there. I don't know if anybody has investigated into that, but I imagine such a process, if it exists, is currently less efficient compared to planting a tree and leaving it as it is.
They do realize who just got elected right? Probably a bad time to be a bumblebee.
But, which 20 bee related policies will we get rid of?
In spite of this month, China is stepping up to the plate (perhaps faster than they would have previously?) in combatting climate change: http://grist.org/climate-energy/7-signs-that-china-is-serious-about-combatting-climate-change/

Canada is stopping coal by 2030.

The clean energy revolution is being regarded as "inevitable" - https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/the-world-is-moving-to-renewable-energy/2016/11/20/7c3b69c6-add7-11e6-8f19-21a1c65d2043_story.html

Things can get worse and then better. 
I posted this a few days ago: http://www.citylab.com/weather/2016/11/how-cities-can-fight-trump-on-climate/508280/

Also this: http://www.ecowatch.com/paris-climate-agreement-trump-2098316719.html ("196 Countries Reaffirm Commitment to Paris Climate Deal, Isolating Trump Even More") - I honestly can't think of better news than the rest of the world committing to leave the U.S. behind. I never imagined I would have to say that, but there it is.
they used fair math/finance assumptions.  Without incentives.
I participated in this sale just for this reason... bought two shirts for my upcoming Nicaragua trip.
I really wish there was wider coverage of charitable company initiatives like this! I would have participated in the Patagonia sale had I know about it. 
Wish I'd got the Black Hole just for this!
I didn't see any particular group or fund mentioned.  Just it was going to the "environment", which could be the CEO's landscapers for all we know from that article.
>Henderson claimed the decision was “necessary” to shield the public from “the violent confrontation between protestors and law enforcement officials that have occurred in this area.”

And the violence has only been by law enforcement and security who are heavily armed and using military equipment on peaceful protesters. Why doesn't he ask them to stop using violence on American citizens using their the constitutional right to peaceful protest?
new rule: no free speech outside the "Free Speech Zone"?  yeah this bodes well for the future
Oh, so we're just gonna relocate the natives to a safe spot where they won't come into conflicts with white folk?
This guy is such a fatalist about climate change, it actually makes me suspicious about his motivations. Either that, or we should question his credentials to speak on this matter. Just saying we're all fucked so let's get on with business as usual is a sure way to actually fuck us. As long as we have the energy and capability to change, then that is the only thing we can do. 
A good place to start is this article: http://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2015-whats-warming-the-world/ It really takes you by the hand and shows you the data in nice understandable graphs. It first shows how certain things do not correlate and finally shows how greenhouse gasses and only greengouse gasses are causing climate change  and also demonstrate that the increase in greenhouse gasses really is manmade.
Two of the most obvious sources:

https://www.ipcc.ch/

https://www.pik-potsdam.de/pik-frontpage?set_language=en
Yeah, it will totally be to cold to run the machines...with the heated cabs...so don't worry at all, I'm sure they will do the Honorable thing and wait till spring to continue this
It'd be warmer if they had some natural gas or oil, huh?

They should demand solar power for their tribes in exchange for this land.
Could have had a more descriptive title.  
What is the breakthrough to make tin last longer?
drtl ; "In a paper..."

In other words, it's coming! ... in 20 years.
Kind of negates the point of having the seed vault up there, doesn't it?
She was an amazing governor for us and we are very sad to see her go.  She was a steady hand at the wheel.  
He sold it this summer.

http://www.bizjournals.com/dallas/news/2016/11/23/trump-offloaded-etp-investmentethics-questions.html
While I care not for Trump. His administration has yet to take over. So isn't the current administration the ones sending their goons?
Water is wet
and the violence used against the protesters are but a taste of what's to come under a Putin-like regime of Trump autocracy 
Why don't the *unbiased* teens over at /r/the_donald talk about this?
With as much money as he has invested, he probably owns stock in almost everything worth having stock in.
But ya know that's messing with the free market can't have that happen to them but if they do it, its perfectly fine and justified. 
I really think this is the anti science movement's last stand. The religious right already lost by supporting Trump, time to take on climate denial.

I'm hopeful on this one.
He is such a stupid motherfucker. I am goddamn ashamed of my country when I think of all of the fucking slope browed dipshits who voted him in. 
Trump and Pence are both Human-Caused Climate Change **deniers**
Trump is ready to drive the economy right into a ditch and cash in the whole way
I wonder if that fecal puck is anti climate change simply because he has a bone to pick with offshore wind farms?
Pulling out is not something you can reconsider.
You know what sucks? Best case scenario, I'm talking BEST case here: we find a way to stop climate change and we get off coal as our primary source of energy. You know what happens then? People mock the idea of global warming. They'll say, "look at that, it didn't happen! We told you it was made up." This is exactly what happened with the ozone layer problem. Hell, even Y2K. Thousands of hours of work went into making Y2K "nothing," and so much effort went into making the ozone layer hole "nothing." I'm afraid that's what will happen to global warming, too. So come time for the next ecological disaster, no one's going to believe it. Again.
A majority of Americans didn't elect Trump in the first place, still he gives the way to go now.
Well the majority should have voted against him. He was elected by the Americans after all.
The time for America to invest in renewable resources was several decades ago, yet Trump wants to "bring back" coal jobs. He literally wants to have America rely on a dying industry. 
I'm sure they'll find a way to blame Obama.
Australia isn't on that list I bet.
Its all about regulation and corporations. Somethi g like half the co2 comes from the 15 largest cargo ships.

15 corprations or people can eliminate HALF the worlds emissions.

Then we need to plant a ton of trees. And get a super methane fixer. 
too bad the US is about to commit to polluting at a level as to cancel out any gains and any hope of a future.
Crap.

This is going to make it harder for Trump to bring back the coal industry!
more like two "major" countries and some others
human caused climat change is bullshit. Wake up 
>"The frightening thing is that we have only had a degree of warming so far [since pre-industrial times], Professor Hughes said, adding that the rate of warming will be three times even if nations "perfectly kept" promises made in the 2015 Paris climate agreement.

>"The changes that would go along with 3 degrees are almost incomprehensible".

so, we are now at 3 degrees as the best outcome, the minimum warming we can achieve?  its not 2 degrees any more, its 3?  holy crap.  

Man considering what a beating asphalt gets I can't imagine these being durable enough.  
Multiple engineers have analyzed the solar roadway concept and each has concluded it's a bad idea.

https://www.google.com/amp/jalopnik.com/why-the-solar-roadway-is-a-terrible-idea-1582519375/amp?client=ms-android-verizon
Solar rooftops- smart.

Solar roads- stupid. 

Use the space we don't use, and rooftops are undisturbed. Fragile panels are fine, although I think the solar city/tesla shingles are a maybe for the new roof we'll need in 5 years.

Plus, what happens when it rains? Glass is slippery. If they texture it, it will still wear down smooth in high traffic areas. Roads are abrasive all the way through the structure so when they wear they still have grip.
Cars are the problem not roads. Fml
Public light? - that's only needed at night. If the solar road could heat read to be snow free and/or wireless charge ev's - then we are talking.
I see a lot solar road bashing ITT and other posts about solar roads. Here are some counter arguments from the article:
> A subsidiary of Bouygues SA has designed rugged solar panels, capable of withstand the weight of an 18-wheeler truck, that they’re now building into road surfaces. After nearly five years of research and laboratory tests, they’re constructing 100 outdoor test sites and plan to commercialize the technology in early 2018. [...]
To resist the weight of traffic, Wattway layers several types of plastics to create a clear and durable casing. The solar panel underneath is an ordinary model, similar to panels on rooftops. The electrical wiring is embedded in the road and the contraption is topped by an anti-slip surface made from crushed glass. [...]

So the main points are:

* It's still in the early test phase (cost and experience are not perfect)
* It's being designed to be durable
* They are using crushed glas for the splip problems, time will tell if that works

My opinion:

* Solar roads have added benefit of providing a power line along a piece of infrastructure that is already there, instead of cutting through the landscape elsewhere
* Solar Roads are probably more durable than asphalt and more sustainable when less oil is refined
* Future Solar tech has potential to be more robust and could be mores suited for roads, so having some experience beforehand makes the intro smoother

  


>It is not just property owners, buyers and sellers who are struggling to estimate the potential financial impact of climate change on the real estate market. These risks compound as individual mortgages get bundled and sold as securities. In his April report, Mr. Becketti, the Freddie Mac economist, emphasized how difficult it was to predict whether the bubble in coastal real estate would slowly deflate or suddenly pop.

>“Will the value of the house decline gradually as the expected life of the house becomes shorter?” he wrote. “Or, alternatively, will the value of the house — and all the houses around it — plunge the first time a lender refuses to make a mortgage on a nearby house or an insurer refuses to issue a homeowner’s policy?”

...
>“Coastal mortgages are growing into as big a bubble as the housing market of 2007,” said Philip Stoddard, the mayor of South Miami. But this time, he said, there will not be a rebound because the waters will not recede and properties will eventually lose all of their value.

So ice free arctic by 2020 and permanently ice free arctic by 2030. Can I start panicking or do I have to wait for the TV to tell me to panic?
r/collapse and r/environment seem to overlap more and more these days.  Bad news...
Kinda neat that I'm alive to witness the end of the world. But also kind of a bummer.
I heard a guy said that the hottest day was actually in the 1880s or something so this probably no big deal. /s
Number 9 is truly terrifying - though they all are awful.

Monbiot is normally a hopeful and positive writer (see his awesome book Feral), if incisive and unforgiving in his political commentary. So to see this from him.... Oof. Right in the feels.
None of these are "impossible." I hate the guardian.
12 reminds me of Interstellar
I actually really enjoyed this documentary; some of this stuff I had read before, but a lot of it was news to me.  I know a lot of people aren't fans of Leo, but nothing but respect for this from me.
We could all live very well using only 13.8% of the energy we use now.
I'm so angry over this. Yet I feel so helpless. Like what can I truly do? I have only enough money for myself to survive. I feel like there's nothing that can be done. 
Why is this being done only now?
> ...with Fallin recently declaring 13 October as **a day of prayer for the oil industry in her state**.

What the absolute fuck.
"What happened to the Grand Canyon daddy?" "Well, the corporations turned it into Mordor because people would rather go onto Facebook than stand up and protest."
> Obama administration rushes to protect public lands before Trump takes office.

Why are they only doing this now?
North Dakota is different because reasons.
Is there oil under the Grand Canyon?
Let those idiots who voted for him drink fracking fluid. When they try to leave their poisoned land I will meet them at the border with guns and signs that read "NOT MY PROBLEM" and "GO BACK HOME"
He could have done this 8 years ago.

Procrastination is a bitch.
Note:  For 08 years no specific matching move to protect.  Only when in last weeks of power is there a move to suddenly do what could have been done previously.  Appearance is everything with these creatures.  Interesting.  
Woohooo look at you, you're helping, thanks Obama. 

But what about all the brutality that's happening in Standing Rock?

....silence...
Obama should have endorsed a true leader instead of that corrupt cow. If that had happened we wouldn't be in this mess and the outlook on the environment would be a fuck tonne brighter.
I felt like we could all use some good news. Even if Trump and his morons are determined to send us hurtling back to the Stone Age, it seems not all the rest of our country is drinking the Kool-Aid.
55 tonnes of co2 sequestered per 80m2 house. Minus co2 for construction. Net co2=33.6 tonnes. Someone else can convert to American units.  What happens in 50 years when it's demo'd and rebuilt?
With all due respect to the brooding crooner, that's like polishing the brass on the Titanic.
What is running out is an adequate amount of fresh, clean water with which to run modern civilization.  
Well, amount of water worldwide is basically fixed, only very small amounts came from occasional meteorites. So world is not running out of water, just some parts of it are.
we hope so
What options are available if the soil runs out?
Research like this just makes me more and more afraid for what kind of world future generations will live in.
*wrong*
Man, if only Finland existed. 
Great work Finland, from your brother Sweden
Fuck it here in America. Our president-elect doesn't even believe in climate change :(
Really seems like these Scandinavian and some European countries are adjusting fast. Hope they really implement what they are promising! 
Great news, I'm excited to hear Finland is going ahead in phasing out coal. I'm also interested in hearing what happens with the plans to phase out coal in the other countries mentioned in the article. As an American I'm happy that Oregon is also passing laws to ban coal but I am concerned for the United States in the coming years, I'm going to make sure I do as much as I can to make climate change an issue so we won't be left behind... 
But but... Why don't they just use the clean coal we've heard so much about??
Thanks Finland! From Arizona ❤️
Thank you Finland!
Retard denier. I'll laugh when it's you and your family who are the next victims of AGW.

.......

*"ClimateDepot.com is the website of Committee for a Constructive Tomorrow employee Marc Morano, a conservative global warming denier who previously served as environmental communications director for a vocal political denier of climate change, Republican Sen. James Inhofe. Launched in spring 2009, Climate Depot claimed it would be "the Senate EPW website on steroids," and "the most comprehensive information center on climate news and the related issues of environment and energy."[1]"*

.......

http://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php/Climate_Depot

......

*Climate Depot
Climate Denial Playbook: Marc Morano's History of Bullying Scientists*

......

"If you've even heard of Marc Morano, you probably watched him angrily attacking a climate scientist, journalist or Al Gore on Fox News or on his blog Climate Depot, a project of the Donors Trust and oil industry-funded CFACT. Morano is so agitated in his climate denial that he once advocated that climate scientists be “publicly flogged.”

Originally a producer for the Rush Limbaugh Show, Morano ascended (descended?) to the position of Communications Director for Sen. James Inhofe (R-Denial), where he helped his boss to abuse the power of the Senate hearings process to attack climate science and promote conspiracy theories. Inhofe and Morano were corrected and debunked endlessly, but facts have proven no obstacle to Morano's crusade against science confirming the role of fossil fuel pollution in driving global warming."

.......

https://www.desmogblog.com/directory/vocabulary/4621

.......

https://www.desmogblog.com/search/google/Climate%20Depot
I am new here and this is my first comment! Lots of interesting stuff here... This is such a great post, keep it up
>The team admits they don't have all the answers just yet, but that the relationship between the polar vortex and Arctic ice loss is worth investigating further.

Which will be translated to "People are bad, m'kay?" if this story ever hits mainstream media.
This.
Agreed. Borders really mess with migration patterns and habitats of all living organisms. 
Well, it probably *is* basically lost.  It didn't have to be, after all, environmentalism as an identifiable movement has been around for decades and we have statutes on the books to prove its effectiveness.  But yes, it's a losing battle.  The problems are mainly the result of runaway human population growth coupled with our limited capacity to act proactively.  

I recommend that you keep on doing the things you do. Let's keep busy bailing water from this sinking boat; even if it's ultimately futile we can at least say that we pitched in and tried to do something.  Meanwhile, lucky us, we have a ringside seat to view the Sixth Great Extinction.
Well, there's the old recommendation: If you can't change the situation, change your attitude.

Granted, that's kind of Buddhist (or Stoic) thing to say, but it still rings true.
It's not just deniers.  Most people haven't given the environment a thought one way or the other, as evidenced by interviewer in this example https://youtu.be/PPQY_Cb4IlI?t=1m50s
I'm watching Friends on Netflix 
Pretty naive statement if you think about how the world is accustomed to radical change, and how it has adapted in the past. The world will endure, our species will suffer though. :)
What he knows about science could easily fit into his tiny, tiny left hand
Trumps lack of knowledge is so obvious, it just blows my mind how some people don't see it. Every time I hear his voice I honestly am just taken back lol is this really our best?
http://i3.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/019/304/old.jpg


Wut?
By "high levels", you mean 100x below dangerous limits.

The EPA [has reexamined glyphosate](http://www.npr.org/sections/thesalt/2016/09/17/494301343/epa-weighs-in-on-glyphosate-says-it-doesnt-cause-cancer) and has found that it poses no cancer risk. Only one wing of the World Health Organization has accused glyphosate of potentially being dangerous, the IARC, and that report has come under fire from many people, such as the [Board for Authorisation of Plant Protection Products and Biocides](https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&tl=en&js=y&prev=_t&hl=en&ie=UTF-8&u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ctgb.nl%2Fnieuws%2Fnieuws-berichten%2F2015%2F04%2F27%2Fctgb-oordeel-over-iarc-artikel-over-carcinogeniteit-van-glyfosaat&edit-text=&authuser=0) in the Netherlands and the [German Federal Institute for Risk Assessment](http://www.bfr.bund.de/cm/349/does-glyphosate-cause-cancer-expert-group-to-address-diverging-assessments-within-the-who.pdf) (PDF).  Several other regulatory agencies around the world have deemed glyphosate safe too, such as [United States Environmental Protection Agency](http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2013-05-01/pdf/2013-10316.pdf), the [South African Department of Agriculture, Forestry & Fisheries](http://www.nda.agric.za/docs/media/Media%20statement%20on%20glyphosate.pdf) (PDF), the [Australian Pesticides and Veterinary Medicines Authority](http://archive.apvma.gov.au/news_media/docs/glyphosate_scitox_review_july_2013.pdf) (PDF), the Swiss Federal Office for Agriculture, Belgian Federal Public Service Health, Food Chain Safety, Environment, the Argentine Interdisciplinary Scientific Council, and Canadian Pest Management Regulatory Agency.  Furthermore, the IARC's conclusion conflicts with the other three major research programs in the WHO: [the International Program on Chemical Safety, the Core Assessment Group, and the Guidles for Drinking-water Quality](http://i.imgur.com/6ggQyDJ.jpg).



Al Gore thanks you.
The Climate Change Deniers will jump on this one.
No surprise in this. Things are changing within only a few generations. While yes this will force a somewhat rapid evolutionary event, it is still too fast for even that to work out well.
What an absolute piece of garbage that article is. Clickbait at best and junk science at worst.

>Ecologists analysed how quickly species had changed their climatic niches over time, and how these rates compared with that of global warming.

>Rates of change in climatic niches were much slower than rates of projected climate change, by more than 200,000 fold for temperature on average, they said.

So let me get this straight, the rate at which species are actually moving in response to climate change is 200,000 times less than the PROJECTED rate of climate change.

In other words, animals aren't moving because they don't fucking need to because the climate change projections are all wrong, as anyone who has been keeping track of the fearmongering over the last 20 years has noticed.

Way to spin this into propaganda on par with anything in Orwell's 1984.
It's like some alternate universe where facts mean their opposite.

>He says nothing about treaty lands legally claimed and defended by a sovereign indigenous nation.

The Supreme Court ruling linked to says that the US took that land by eminent domain and just compensation had to be paid. In other words, it's now US land, not tribal land.
Of course the author wheels the R word out with its tank of oxygen, but the only thing racist I see in this article is the assumption that this is a race issue at all. The left are pretending it's a white against everyone else issue, like they do with everything. It's a big money versus the public issue.

As far as indigenous rights go, my understanding is that there are no people 400 years old left, and just as the Australian white descendants of the Irish political prisoners resisting British colonialism and the English poor sent to the other side of the planet for stealing food to survive get nothing by way of compensation, I don't know why others expect to be compensated for what was done generations ago simply because they are the correct race. 

Should those with white and indigenous blood pay themselves? It's ridiculous.

I mean it could have been worse; the fucking Belgians could have colonized Australia and North America.  
Can we get a story on climate that doesn't sound like a gypsy looking into a crystal ball?
I have a secret for you: the earth will be here long after the last one of us is gone. 

In the long run, we can't do anything that will harm the earth...only our ability to survive on it. 

Being pro environment is being pro human. 
Absolutely you can. Lowering pollution saves life's, stopping climate change prevents disasters, a better environment means healthier humans. A healthy environment benefits both parties. 
Being pro-environment *IS* being pro-humanity.
Bummer about Trader Joe's 
What if I want to protect pesticides from bees?
Are we still pretending that the bees are dying? 
Silly title. His talking points were exactly what I would expect. 

We've been listening to these absurd talking points long before Trump was running for president. 

Donald Trump's opinion on Climate Change (and reality) is EXACTLY as dumb as I thought it was.
He just doesn't give a shit. He's an old man who will be lucky to live through his term in office. He doesn't care what the planet will be like in a decade, let alone half a century.
That would take a lot, I've set the bar very low for him.
> My uncle was for 35 years a professor at M.I.T. He was a great engineer, scientist. He was a great guy. And he was … a long time ago, he had feelings — this was a long time ago — he had feelings on this subject. It’s a very complex subject. I’m not sure anybody is ever going to really know.

His uncle "had feelings".
I can't believe people expect this guy to clean up corruption in Washington. 

We just put a Billionaire businessman in the most powerful office, in the one mechanism we have for controlling big business. 

How could there not be a conflict of interest? 
Surprise! Trump is a fucking numbskull. 
I don't know, I can imagine a lot.
Even if you like Donald Trump, you have to agree, that the way he expresses himself is like he has no idea what he's saying. He's talking like someone who was no idea of the subject, but tries to act like he does. I'm not saying he's stupid or dumb, but being well spoken is pretty important for a president.
God damn it America. What the fuck is wrong with you people? Honestly 
This on the record meeting with the NY Times exemplifies his utter lack of understanding and curiosity about the world. He has NO depth of knowledge on anything of real import in our modern world and is a complete "empty suit" as the right used to say about Obama. We are in for a scary and embarrassing 4 years America.
America: Dismantling one establishment for a dumber one
"I have a totally open mind."
The bird adjustment to windmills issue should not be raised.  People die just being around coal, and just moving oil around blows up whole towns, or does far worse ecological damage through leaks.
I hate that title. Quit telling me how to think about something and just give me the info and I'll decide for myself.
So someone duck tape his mouth shut and sit him down for a short climate science lesson. (the duck tape is a necessity or he wont hear the lesson) Someone just please educate the man.
Infuriating.
>I have some great, great, very successful golf courses. I’ve received so many environmental awards for the way I’ve done, you know. I’ve done a tremendous amount of work where I’ve received tremendous numbers. Sometimes I’ll say I’m actually an environmentalist and people will smile in some cases and other people that know me understand that’s true.

-President Elect Donald Trump, on climate change policy.
Good god...
He really represents the 3 cars in the driveway American people.

All is does is RAMBLE. Say something worth saying...it's like a shitty essay that has "then, and, but". Just a BUNCH of USELESS words that has no meaning or direction. 
The funny thing is that what he actually decides has little with what he has said in the past. What influences his decisions are more what irks him in the news at the moment especially if it is about him.
[I don't know...](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/BwC7jl4CcAEz1fz.jpg)
So you poke the bear?
Is it really dumber than I could possibly imagine? I could imagine some pretty dumb shit.
In ever way and in ever choice he's proving to be exactly what I feared he might be. 
What did his uncle think?
I don't know. I can imagine some really dumb shit. 
Environmental impact studies performed before a major project such as a pipeline or power plant have to do with the cost/benefit to the company and has nothing to do with environmental  protection.  He's speaking like a business man whose experience with the environment is impact studies for golf courses- let's maximize profit while barely skimming under the limbo bar of regulations.  Oh and he proclaims that his administration will cut regulations in half.  He thinks in terms of quarterly profits, not generational problems, and this is the result.  
He doesn't have a public opinion. He has a talking point which changes as he needs it to change. Whatever his opinion is it is irrelevant to what comes out of his mouth. 
I don't know Trump. I know the show he put on to get elected. But its foolish to think we know him.
What a completely moronic title. Present his viewpoints and explain why they are wrong instead of this clickbait idiocy.
Is it true every planet is heating up? Serious question
I'm a professor of climate science at MIT and the consensus is that the threat is real but extremely over exaggerated, so Trump is not wrong. People do not need to worry for 120 years or so, that's why I burn all my trash in my backyard, it's a good way to save a few bucks. 
The earth has been warming for 100,000s of years. It has nothing to do with the human causes that people want funding for. It has to do with a giant ball of fire and gravity.
"...Trump administration would replace Nasa’s focus on global warming with efforts to send humans into space."

I guess you better have the latter if you don't have the former :(
NASA is the most apolitical organization I can think of. Jesus, is there a check & balance against this insanity?
Canada went through this with our last 'batshit insane' conservative government (fuck Harper). They defunded science and banned any scientist from talking to the media unless it was 'approved', especially for 'environmental problems'. Took us the better part of a decade to get rid of them and our new government spent several months basically dismantling the last governments policies.

Dark days.

This is a HUGE red flag, guys.  You need to fight this tooth and nail, by ANY MEANS NECESSARY. Defunding climate science is a serious and dangerous tactic. And it works, we have seen it in action. Especially now that our scientists can talk again. They have brought many problems to light. We only get one planet, and this idiot that got elected will be turning back the clock to the 1950's while the rest of the world moves forward into a clean future.
Facts often have a liberal bias.
Can NASA scrap Trump as our president?
I like how the people who we're directly invested by muddying the water by trying to make it political are now saying the science is too political. 

Not only is saying climate change is political horse shit, its also pretty scary, because if they get their way and new research is done not looking to be "political" surprise surprise climate change wont look nearly as scary. Because if it did it'd be too political.

My generation will be the one to see the true damage we have caused this planet. Our kids and our kid's kids are going to be looking for someone to blame...
Only because he just politicised it.
[MFW](http://media.gettyimages.com/videos/senior-man-weeps-in-despair-video-id473086053?s=640x640)
Wait does the US president have the power to dictate where funding goes in NASA and how it is used?
I think the thing that will finally turn a lot of red state voters off on Trump is when all the wildlife finally dies or is kept in zoo's and nobility-only private game parks, and there's nothing left to shoot but road signs and themselves.
Great, he just made it even more political.

Maybe if politicians from both parties accepted it as fact, it wouldn't be a leftist issue.
You're the one who's politicizing it!  Fucking hell.
Wouldn't scrapping it be "politicizing" it as well? Anyone else see the irony here? 
Do you ever wonder if the rest of the developing world may just come together with a military coalition to just defeat the U.S. government in an act to save the earth from frying? Seems extreme, but wonder if that could happen.
Because their economy is in the toilet and they are relying on other European nations to bail them out, such as Germany which is cutting down forests to convert to biofuel to meet its own CO2 reduction standards.
Where are the numbers? How much would it cost to soak up the emissions we'll generate and how does that compare to the money those emissions make?
I used to use these bags for garbage. Now I guess I'll have to buy garbage bags, and the first thing to go in the first garbage bag is the bag the garbage bags come in. Another loss/loss for the envirofascists.
Even as late as the 70s, people thought that the pollution was causing global cooling.  There was certainly localized polution, local air quality, that people recognized, so they built taller smoke stacks, then acid rain came, so the scrubbed the sulfer out of the smoke.  It turns out that the same sulfer that was causing the acid rain and poisoning the air and water was masking the warming effect of CO2 by reflecting sunlight back into space.  

In short, the effects of pollution are complex and CO2 is a more subtle threat than some others issues that have been corrected or mitigated.  After we cure the CO2 issues, there will be other issues that come to the forefront.  CO2 isn't the only problem, it just happens to be the most urgent. 
We've known for well over a 100 years... here is a newspaper clip from 1912... yes, this is real: https://www.reddit.com/r/Images/comments/596n4x/newspaper_clip_from_1912_warning_of_climate/
Our economy almost looks like it was founded on a "scorched earth policy." Hell in the state of Pennsylvania, 90% of all trees were deforested. I can't even fathom that at all.
> Did people not realize how extremely threatening CO2 emissions were, back when industrialization started?

Of course not!

The industrial economy (and thus CO2 emissions) follows an exponential curve. And humans are not good when it comes to exponential growth. Half of all human CO2 emissions ever have been emitted in the last thirty years, IIRC.

In addition, economies are mostly human creations, and there's no way to forecast human activities beyond 12 months. There's a [memorable memo from Linton Wells](http://library.rumsfeld.com/doclib/sp/2382/2001-04-12%20To%20George%20W%20Bush%20et%20al%20re%20Predicting%20the%20Future.pdf) about predicting the future. It's a reminder how fast things can change.

This should be kept in mind when looking at the first scientists who mentioned human-caused climate change: 

In 1896, [Svante Arrhenius](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Svante_Arrhenius) was the first to say that human industry might lead to global warming, due to his work on trying to explain the ice ages. He thought it was a good thing because it would prevent the next ice age.

In 1938, [G.S. Callendar](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guy_Stewart_Callendar) argued that the level of carbon dioxide was climbing and raising global temperature. But he also thought it was a good thing, since it would prevent the next ice age.

Neither of them was taken seriously by other scientists since they thought CO2 would be reabsorbed by the oceans or by plants on land. It wasn't until the 1950ies that scientists began to understand this was not the case.

But nobody back then would have be able to predict how fast human economies can grow under the right circumstances.
Almost everyone that has dealt with the west coast climate has essentially said it is lost cause there. The drought will become chronic within the next few decades. Relief is nice but it is not a long term solution.

Will a large population remain on in the west by the end of the 21st century? Who knows.
X-Post referenced from [/r/canada](http://np.reddit.com/r/canada) by /u/BadDogToo  
[Logbooks kept by Ernest Shackleton, Robert Scott show Antarctic sea ice levels barely changed over 100 years](http://np.reddit.com/r/canada/comments/5ep48w/logbooks_kept_by_ernest_shackleton_robert_scott/)
*****  
  
^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot. ^^I ^^delete ^^my ^^negative ^^comments. ^^[Contact](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=OriginalPostSearcher) ^^| ^^[Code](https://github.com/papernotes/Reddit-OriginalPostSearcher) ^^| ^^[FAQ](https://github.com/papernotes/Reddit-OriginalPostSearcher#faq)
Must be why the media never talks about the Antarctic any more. It doesn't fit the dogma.
Four dead.

Lots of rain beforehand, creating plant growth and spring so lots of pollen, high winds with thunderstorm.
"Luciano, who will be in Essen for the hearing..."

...thus contributing the highest amount of CO2 a single person can, to the atmosphere (I assume he'll take a plane and not a sailing ship) Glass house, and stones? Greenhouse and airplanes?

He could have simply let his lawyer do her job; then he would be much more credible. Or... credible at all if you want.
Just a thought but...doesn't California  also have some of the largest oil fields and endless acres of monoculture crops?
Californian here, I also didn't read the article so I might be missing something, but bags aren't phased out at all. They just cost money now.

Some stores have free paper alternatives to the 10 cent plastic bags. 

Everyone I know is pissed about the change and just shells out what they need to to get their plastic bags.

It's a step, but it's not really much. It's certainly not a phase out. 
Plastic bags are only banned from supermarkets and convenience stores. I believe they are still free from places like Office Depot. 
Thunderstorms after a hot day can cause allergies? 
Too many trolls forcing political discussions on this sub, we need to start discussing actual solutions to climate change instead of going in circular debates about which mainstream candidate was the worst for the environment. They are BOTH terrible anyway.


Solutions and research topics include:

 - [Facts](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perovskite_solar_cell) and present [examples](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-05-16/germany-just-got-almost-all-of-its-power-from-renewable-energy) about why renewables are the best energy generation option.

 - [Stopping all energy subsidies](https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/785485969705140224). Renewable installations don't need fuel or extensive servicing to work and are way less prone to costly accidents. They also don't charge the consumer for [decomission costs](https://cleantechnica.com/2015/07/20/whats-the-cost-of-nuclear-decommissioning-too-much/). If there's one source of energy that can go subsidy-free it's renewables. Let's call them out on their bluff.

 - Let's educate ourselves on industrial climate change drivers, such as [the bovine meat industry](http://www.ibtimes.com/cow-farts-have-larger-greenhouse-gas-effect-co2-california-regulate-methane-fight-2420014), [shipping and transportation](https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2009/apr/09/shipping-pollution) etc.

 - Learn about [climate feedback](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Climate_change_feedback) and its stacking effects on climate change.

Create and share a library of sources:

https://www.epa.gov/ghgemissions/overview-greenhouse-gases

https://www.theguardian.com/environment/earth-insight/2013/aug/05/7-facts-need-to-know-arctic-methane-time-bomb

http://www.ecowatch.com/worlds-largest-solar-plant-2011318629.html

http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2006/08/060829-methane-warming.html

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dR-4-kJUxzM

Fuck the politicians, we can do this ourselves.

> Do fossil fuel companies have the ability to sway governance/governments policies?

They could say "What we're doing is really bad, kill us please! Or at least tax us severely!"
I would be very interested to see how this actually plays out. How will veterans respond  to violent treatment? Will it escalate because of their presence? 

Also, good on them, standing up for the people.
My girlfriend's brother is heading up to Standing Rock next week. He's a Navajo and a combat medic that was deployed in Iraq. I wish I  had more to say than that, I just hope he's safe and I'm in awe of him after what he already went through in Iraq to do more here.

This is the shit that makes America actually great, these people.
As a vet and environmentally conscious person, where do I sign up?  I'm only a 3 state-drive to the South.
Can someone explain to me what's different about this pipeline vs. all the other pipelines in the US.  According to [this map](http://www.pipeline101.com/Where-Are-Pipelines-Located) they are virtually everywhere already and hardly ever given a thought.
Omg. I need this. 

I need to believe that people are going to stand up for principles and not just when it is convenient for them. 
>Clark Jr. may never have served in combat, but when he talks about Standing Rock, he sounds like a battle-hardened general. This isn’t his first foray into boots-on-the-ground environmental activism. He’s currently working with an organization called [Climate Mobilization](http://theclimatemobilization.org), which is focused on “building and supporting a social movement that causes the US federal government to commence WWII-scale climate mobilization.”

In this war-crazy country, getting veterans involved in this kind of activism just might help get us out of our climate mess.
I'd love to see how the far right responds to this

"You're all liberal lazy good for nothings! men and women fight and die for you and this is how you repay them?"

"we're all vets"

"..."
>“Most civilians who’ve never served in a uniform are gutless worms who’ve never been in a fight in their life,” Wes Clark Jr. declares.

Most vets that talk like this are gutless worms.  That said, I have a lot of respect for Michael Wood.  Glad he's involved.
Veteran here with serious questions;

How is the Constitution being violated?

Who is the enemy?

Is this hyperbole? 
Fuck yeah! As a veteran this makes me happy to hear and if it comes down to it, I will join the fight. This shit is bananas. It's time that we stand up for what is right. 
I hate to break it to you, but Americans don't actually care about their veterans apart from empty gestures.  I don't see this making a big difference. 
TFW you've gained too much weight to fit into your dress greens
I am legitimately trying to understand this here, but what are the actual 'pros' of building this pipeline? Who owns it, who profits from it, and why does it need to be built? 
Hate to say this, but I don't think police in riot gear will care that they're Army vets.
I've yet to hear the constitutional reasoning for these protests. I'm not saying I agree one way or the other, but if someone could explain to me how this (the pipeline)  is a violation of constitutional protections, that'd be great.
Already signed up to deploy!
I'm new to this issue, but aren't pipelines the safest way to transport oil long distances? Why is this pipeline bad?
Fuck. Yes.

A little more "fuck" than "yes" considering how much "fuck" it takes to get me to say "yes" about this "fuck" of a "yes" situation.

All the more respect to vets. Thank you guys.
That lady with the mangled arm... sad. 
ELI5 Why the DAPL is a bad thing? 
As a coast guard veteran, how can I get involved in this?
I've been wondering for a decade if anybody in the military remembered the actual oath they took.
"Most civilians who've never served in a uniform are gutless worms who've never been in a fight in their life, so if we don't stop it, who will?"

Says the vet that never served in combat about why vets should join a civilian fight that civilians started.
There are already five pipelines upstream from the one they're trying to block. Are these people sure they even know what they're doing?
Guess it's a matter of perspective. The protesters are on private property, are completely unwilling to negotiate, so one could reasonably argue they are the domestic enemy. 

Just because some veterans are ideologically on the side of one group, doesn't give any moral weight to the argument about the protest. 


I've heard several different points of view on this pipeline.  I can empathize with each of the opposing sides.

No matter where you stand on the issue, you can not be okay with the state prosecuting reporters and militarized police terrorizing civilians.
My prediction: it goes about as well as the Bonus Army. Especially once Trump takes office officially.
Well, hopefully this brings more attention to the issues... No, probably not.  Mainstream media does not care about nuances.

Reading and listening to more about the DAPL, I have learned:

The protesters/protectors are protesting mostly on private property and have damaged private property (trucks, construction vehicles). And a few have behaved violently outside of that.

Nevertheless, the police have reacted to the mostly peaceful protests with overreactions.  Even unarmed, nonviolent protesters have been hit with water cannons in freezing tempatures as well as tear gas, rubber bullets, and concussion grenades.  The police tried to claim the water cannons were fire hoses used to put out fires started by the protestors, but video evidence disagrees.

Also, while pipelines are debatably safer than oil trains, usually pipelines' pressure alarms do not go off until a more than 1% drop in pressure. While a small percentage, pipelines can move hundreds of thousands of oil a day, so thousands of gallons could leak without the oil company noticing.  They might prefer not to notice, since shutting down a pipeline for maintenance would seriously bite into profits.

Beyond that, leaks are generally underreported, and many spills are improperly cleaned.  Oil companies court EPA officials like lobbyists court politicians, so corruption is a real worry.

The oil being carried to refineries by the DAPL is from a particularly toxic source. It's being moved to refineries down south probably because Canada doesn't want to deal with it. Exposure to even minor leaks from the DAPL and other pipelines could have such fun side effects as seizures, cancers, and birth defects.

And the oil carried by the pipelines will make US-owned businesses and US states very little money, seeing as the DAPL is controlled by apparently Chinese-backed or Chinese-owned Canadian fronts and has been granted subsidies and/or tax breaks in the US. The refined product is almost certainly destined to be exported to foreign countries, partly because the expected quality is too low for the US to want it.

So, whether the protesters have broken any laws or not, I think I have to side with them, and I hope the veteran support does help.  Pipelines in general, and this one in particular, are huge environmental hazards that should not be anywhere near water.
>Plus, a group of people has no right to assemble on a public roadway unless they have obtained proper permitting prior to the act, as is the case with entertainment productions.

Please listen to yourself. Disregarding the paragraphs of colonial apologism you've sent me over the past 4 hours, what you're advocating is the right to protest as long as it's convenient to whomever you're protesting against. Dangerously unconstitutional. It sounds like you've decided to completely ignore my primary message admonishing the violence against the protectors in lieu of latching onto semantics about the legality of the protests. The abuse of force perpetuated against the water protectors a few nights ago was WRONG any way you look at it end of story. Please, continue to attempt to justify the use of rubber bullets and concussion grenades against unarmed civilians, it's obvious by now we're not going to come to any semblance of understanding.
The pipeline is far better for the environment than the alternatives.
This filled my heart with a little hope for us as a nation :)
I would pay money to see a paid security personnel attempt to corral a group of armed WWII veterans off their protest spot.
Trump must be stopped!  Oh, wait a second....never mind.....
That is awesome. 
Bless you. This is abhorrent treatment of the citizens of the US. I can't go but I have and will continue to send donations. It must stop. 
Notice how throughout all of this there is zero criticism of Obama or the government. Watch how quickly the opinion changes and this becomes the "evil" president's/government's fault come January.
Love this. FUCK YES! Thank you, veterans!
modern army vets are pissed off with no tolerance for bullshit, I love them
They are going to get trampled since they are going unarmed. 
Oathkeepers?


Videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r5ebp71?feature=playlist)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[Robert F. Kennedy Jr. On Obama's "No Brainer" DAPL Choice](https://youtube.com/watch?v=LIJgMFeYHsc)|[30](https://reddit.com/r/environment/comments/5ebp71/_/dabg3k1?context=10#dabg3k1) - The land belongs to the Native Americans by treaty. There was no environmental impact study because they claim this is a 'small project' (they're pretending different sections aren't part of one giant pipeline).   What's the benefit of this pipeline?...
[Michael Moore Explains Why TRUMP Will Win](https://youtube.com/watch?v=YKeYbEOSqYc)|[6](https://reddit.com/r/environment/comments/5ebp71/_/dablhb0?context=10#dablhb0) - Michael Moore agrees  
[Chief Sitting Bull VS Colonel Nelson Miles](https://youtube.com/watch?v=H1y_0NfhF9c)|[4](https://reddit.com/r/environment/comments/5ebp71/_/dabpvoq?context=10#dabpvoq) - I was just making a point about how soldiers don't always have all of the facts, and so won't always take the side of civilians. As to the protests, I couldn't really care less TBH. As to the Indians, well  
(1) [Hired DAPL Security Officers  Violently Attack Native Americans with Dogs and Pepper Spray](https://youtube.com/watch?v=rfVCKXnZu58) (2) [Dakota Access Pipeline Company Attacks Native American Protesters with Dogs & Pepper Spray](https://youtube.com/watch?v=kuZcx2zEo4k)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/environment/comments/5ebp71/_/dabodzf?context=10#dabodzf) -    
[Shooting to kill - how many men can do this?](https://youtube.com/watch?v=zViyZGmBhvs)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/environment/comments/5ebp71/_/dabqts1?context=10#dabqts1) - In US history? I wouldn't know, but i can guarantee you that there are those cases, over and over again, all over the world. Even recent History. Mentioning recent because of this:  Shooting to kill a person in the military, deliberately, is a relati...
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Play All](http://subtletv.com/_r5ebp71?feature=playlist&ftrlnk=1) | [Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | Get it on [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf) / [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/mentioned-videos-for-reddit)
It frustrates me that the Bundy protesters don't come to the Natives aid here. Anyone know why?
It our fucking indians too. Wtf.
This will be interesting. 
I couldn't be more proud and respectful of any military man or woman who goes there to defend the citizens of the country they swore to protect.

I hope it shows how serious this situation is too.
Hope they can help, I just watched the video of a girl losing her arm to a grenade while protesting. Things are getting bad up there. 
This ain't white man against red man.  It's rich man vs all mankind.  A caste system of slavery and violence, rule by the minority.  We lost r/mountainwisdom and found instead a perverted version of progress where some go forward and leave the rest behind.  The poor pay the rich man's tab, not the other way round.  This lie must be put to rest, if our species wishes to explore stars we better leave war and the idea that some are more special than others behind.  [The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHAOWLhrxhQ&t=3m01s)
Wow!! 1k+ comments in r/environment. Way to go. 
https://www.gofundme.com/veterans-for-standing-rock-nodapl
The tribes had two years to voice their opinion in opposition to this and only spoke up when they decided not to go through their land. I don't know why people are wasting their time pretending to care about this. Winter can't get here soon enough... 
Do these people realize that America is covered with oil pipelines that cross thousands of rivers and are 15x less likely to spill than trains? And that the person who owns the trains paid to start these protests? 
I don't know how you can live there and not be standing with those people. 
I'd like to see active military, National Guard, out there too!
I've been wondering how long it would take before the guys who are vets would do that
the companies had every right to put a pipeline through there. goddamn ignorant protesters and natives.
Business and $$$ first.. fuck the people and environment!! 


Hell yes
[deleted]
How many of them? Fucking two? Lol. 
Is there a way to donate?
has the military ever defied the federal government directly before?

edit: by directly I mean like where different American forces were in opposition. the more dramatic examples I can think of are like starting the Korean war, but that was disobedience not direct conflict.

It would be the first time I'd known of it happening in America. I recently became familiar to the idea since my friend is Thai and apparently the military being a largely independent organization allowed with having its own political leanings is a big reason why there have been so many coups there. But, hell, we could really use a coup lately. hahah. Not hoping for one so much as wondering if this would set a precedent for that behavior in America.
Now I guess we watch how the Fox News Right gets real quiet with the military triumphalism. At least if they follow form. This isn't completely unprecedented; Veterans for Peace have been ignored by the Right for 15 years, now--and another 30 before that.
Should read, "Some U.S. Army verterans."  
God damnit it's about time...I guess we're about ready to find out who the real constituents of US government really are. The corporate world or the People?
Heard lat night a woman got her arm blown off by the police throwing concussion grenades at them. WTF is going on in America? :( 
Holy shit, proud to be an American
Yeah, where are those Oath Keeper guys now.  They only seem to get their hackles up when the subject is the second amendment.  They must not care that much about the first; or the fourth.
After all the American war vets have been through fighting and risking their lives to protect the citizens of the US, imagine how they must feel seeing a private security force operating on their home turf, mentally and physically hurting the people they fought so hard to protect.

Fuck those corporate shill, private security assholes, I support the vets. Much respect! ✊
Every police officer there and fighting against the protestors should be fired and maybe lose their citizenship. These police are not American or fighting for us. They are traitors against the constitution
Holy shit this is so stupid. The pipeline isn't on their land and it is more environmentally safe than the current transportation method. The oil is currently being moved by train, which is much much more damaging to the environment than the pipeline. The freakin EPA said the pipeline was safer for the environment. The new pipeline is going to be built under an EXISTING pipeline. There is literally no downside to this. The people protesting and everyone supporting these protests is simply ignorant of the true situation.
Pop. Corn.
As someone who has seen veterans at protests before I have a feeling they will be treated like any other group of protesters. These guys don't wear the uniform anymore, aren't armed and the police don't care what they have seen or contributed.
>2 veterans are joining the protest.

Watch out guys! They are mobilizing! 
[deleted]
[Donald Trump's Ties to the Dakota Access Pipeline
Greenpeace Greenpeace](http://www.ecowatch.com/donald-trump-dakota-access-pipeline-2040029544.html)

>Trump disclosed between $500,000 and $1 million in investments in the primary builder of the pipeline, Texas-based Energy Transfer Partners. He also disclosed $50,000 to $100,000 in investments in Phillips 66, which would own one-quarter of the Dakota Access Pipeline once completed.
[Go to Afghanistan to secure a gas pipeline,](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turkmenistan%E2%80%93Afghanistan%E2%80%93Pakistan%E2%80%93India_Pipeline) come home and prevent one.

Obviously only the smartest Americans join the military.
It is Unconstitutional to have a standing army within the USA. Don't use the word deployment. The Army is also tasked with defending the Constitution, but you can't defend the thing that you ignore.
I love when the veterans show up to a protest. They don't care what you think. They don't care what anybody thinks, they just don't want people to get hurt.
Probably all undeployable paper pushers.
Just as I suspected... a POG with no combat experience beating his chest about an oath. 


and this is how civil wars start. 

i say this as an infantry vet of the 101st  A co 2nd-502nd INF regiment, when you show up as a peaceful shit always goes sideways.  
[deleted]
Didn't know about this. I want to go!
Get off private land. No body gives a shit if you're Native American. Go back to the stone age, you imbeciles, and stop thwarting progress. Starting fires and throwing shit is not a protest. You cannot protest on private property. I'm part Hawaiian, and I can't go protest on Oprah's mansion in Hawaii. Fucking faggots.
Obama can call any group of citizens domestic terrorists and the military would be allowed to kill them.
Can't someone this seriously ELI5. I've read that Indians and activates are trying to block the thing because it would be build needs scared grounds? Really? 
Lol scrubs 
Too bad active duty personnel can't go and protect the protesters in uniform.
Fuck these hippies can we just bulldoze them and build the pipeline already. That would be entertaining. 
I would love to see that. 
Just let them build the pipeline, or else they have to truck it all over, and that's why more pollution 
That would require non-welfare related courage -- I applaud vets who do this.
The enemies are the idiots impeding the construction of a legal US pipeline.  And these veterans if they choose to be on the idiots side.  Police should shoot anyone interfering with US energy as they are domestic terrorists.
do you guys want hell on earth?

because that is how you get hell on earth


They're rioting on private land and your "great crusade" will only end with agony and bloodshed.  Let law enforcement do its job and stop fanning the flames.


BTW I'm a veteran too, does that give me "extra" permission to break the law for some liberal agenda to turn things inside out? ***no it doesn't***

 The water supply was slated to switch to a different source LONG AGO.  This is about greedy assholes who are lying to your faces and stomping their feet like babies because they got too greedy and got cut out of the deal, so now they're manufacturing multiple bullshit sob stories to try and make it seem like they're being oppressed or some shit.  Don't be fucking disingenuous tools.  Because that's what you're being, manipulated...

truly shameful
It's a distraction and unhelpful. By the time we would ever be able to utilise it on a scale sufficient to actually help, the world will already be 3 degrees warmer than it should be. It allows lazy thinking from people that bury their heads in the sand and just assume that science will fix it all.
I don't think it will be helpful at all. It will be used as an excuse for not controlling CO2 output. "Oh we will invent something..."
Very bad idea: They don't even know how to keep it in the ground for thousands and thousands of years without leakage (CO2 is a corrosive acid). And it uses a lot of energy, making coal fired power plants even less compatible than they already are.
I think it's absolutely necessary. We have screwed the pooch on trying to keep emissions in check, the disaster is already ongoing. To stop it, we need to capture carbon, if possible in a format that is mostly carbon by weight (elemental carbon would be the best, but liquid carbohydrogenes would work too), then bury it the fuck back.

We still need emission controls, more than ever. But that can only buy us time to solve the recapture problem.
Call your Senators and Representative, let them know that Earth science at NASA is important to you:

https://www.usa.gov/elected-officials

The power is yours!
"Politically correct science" doesn't even make sense as a phrase.  This is America now.
> Kevin Trenberth,...
> 
> ” Space research is a luxury,” he said. “Earth observations are essential.”
What do they need funding for? They made up the temps to fit what they expected them to be anyway.

If you need to tweak the data to get the result you are looking for, they don't deserve any finding for this issue.

Stick to crashing probes into Mars because you mix up metric and imperial.
They're not stupid.

They're lying.
Trump is vastly superior to Clinton when it comes to climate change though, unfortunately. Exxon, Koch brothers, Chevron, etc didn't donate BILLIONS to Clinton for shits and giggles.
*fake news* seems to be a thing these days, esp on Middle East wars and now also on climate! 

Pew has catalogued American views on news services being delivered. Americans generally are not inclined to embrace MSM's allegations. They are, polls say, untrustworthy.

Who ya gonna believe?
Yet another way to spread fake news, post it as an opinion piece.

> ...  as a new piece on fake news by the Post’s own fact-checker explains, everybody has “shared something based on the headline without actually reading the link.”
> 
> The goal of much, if not most, fake news is simply to spread a false headline far and wide.
> 
> ... vastly more people see the headline of any story than actually read much of the content.
> 
> So potentially millions of people could have seen the Post’s absurd headline, “Trump’s climate plan might not be so bad after all” without knowing it comes from an opinion piece that has not been fact-checked, written by a widely debunked writer.

The Ignorant leaders will eventually lead the Earth and its Humans to self destruct, its only a matter of time
Area is dirt cheap so efficiency is overrated unless it can be done nearly for free, unless you're talking about satellites.
The subject is generally avoided for economic and religious reasons.  

The sanctity of life is built into the philosophy of most religions, not in the least because it increases the number of followers.  Most people stay with the religion they were born into.

Economically speaking GDP projected growth rates and the viability of retirement plans are predicated on population growth.  Take for example Social Security where current workers pay into the fund to cover retired workers.  That's a great idea when there are 20 workers for each retired worker, but it doesn't work so well when there are 4 workers for each retired worker.

But you are right; it is the elephant in the room that needs to be addressed.
Population growth is almost entirely due to the continued repression of women in poor countries. It simply isn't happening any longer in countries where women have gained education, status and independence.

The best cure for population growth isn't for first-world urbanites to forego having one child, but to educate Ugandan girls so they won't be forced to have six. 
In wealthy, developed populations, the population birth rate is below replacement, so we're headed for a long term decline.  Contraception (and more controversially abortion) and female education and integration into the workforce is a huge factor here.  It turns out removing accidental pregnancies and getting women out of the home is enough on a societal level for a slight population decline, so the solution has already appeared and it doesn't require genocide or government interventions like the one child policy in China.  

Africa in particular is due for incredible population growth in the next century because they don't have these cultural and economic advancements.  The best thing we can do for both Africa and the planet is to encourage female education/empowerment and contraception there.  
Because evolution selects for breeding. Most of us are mostly beasts. 
There's a large faction of people who make themselves insanely outraged over hearing the slightest peep about overpopulation.

There's not a lot you can do about it, except educate everyone and hope for the best. But even then you risk alienating large groups of people.

For example, in developed countries the fertility rate is already below replacement rate, so the work of reducing population has already started. You can't do any better than what's already happening unless you start killing people in large numbers.

Currently the highest fertility rates are in Africa. If you, as a Westerner, start telling Nigerians they need to stop having 6 children per woman, they're going to say you're a racist bent on genocide. Then you won't get anywhere with whatever other items are on your agenda.
Because limiting population growth makes some people think of eugenics.
Because the environmental collapse will cause a population crash, while birth rates in the developed world are rapidly declining.
...and pollution from Europe, the US  and Australia is nowhere to be seen.
Police are no longer here to serve and protect the people, they are here to serve and protect the companies that pay them.
The article is sadly only in Spanish. Basically what happened is that over 50 dump trucks loaded with coal ash went to unload their cargo in a rural community's dump. Over 35 people, including politicians and well-renowned Puerto Rican activists have been arrested over the pretext of "blocking a public road". From what I read this, continuous ash dump has been ongoing for a while now and has affected nearby communities gravely.
Being a garbage dump is probably their highest best use.
"Is the livestock industry destroying the planet?" 

Yes. 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Betteridge's_law_of_headlines
You are making the environmental movement look bad with this stupid shit.
Because climate denial is NOT politicized lying at all!
Well... on the bright side... America isn't the only nation in the world. Time for Germany, Japan, China, etc to take the lead.
Call your Senators and Representative, let them know that Earth science at NASA is important to you: https://www.usa.gov/elected-officials
Here is a link to her Go Fund Me page. https://www.gofundme.com/30aezxs


Petrol station and car wash wastewater dumped into the first Vyshensky lake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DVgzBEClkI
The company itself, probably not much.  It would help/hurt the largest shareholders who may have influence on the company though.
This one is a bit tricky. The answer to your last question is no. Selling shares does not hurt the _company_. The only effect you can have is to move the price down, however this is virtually impossible as a small investor. If by any chance you are Warren Buffet or George Soros, then a selloff that you make will likely cause the price to plummet, annoying the board members and management of the company who are shareholders (as individuals) as well. In an extreme case a crashed price could also cause a competitor to swoop in and acquire a substantial stake in the company. However like I mentioned, this is an impossible scenario for an average investor. (For more, see: http://www.investopedia.com/articles/basics/03/020703.asp)


Now for your broader question of should you divest from unethical companies, the question is less clear cut. I am an enthusiastic environmentalist, but I would argue that you shouldn't. First: If you hold these stocks indirectly through an investment fund, then obviously you don't have control of what the fund invests in. You could go for a so-called ethical or green fund, but often these operate at very high fees, underperform and most importantly have varying standards of ethics. For example would you be happy to invest in gun or tobacco companies? How about palm oil companies, big fishing companies or big pharma companies? If you choose to invest on ethical grounds then it will be virtually impossible to find a fund that exactly matches your ethical standards. Second: If you hold the stocks directly, then as I mentioned, your sell-off would have no effect. Also you would again be faced with doing constant detailed research on what a company does and how it matches your standards. And finally, as a small investor you actually do have a small amount of power. You can go to the annual shareholder meeting or write to the investor relations department and urge them to do the right thing. If you sell, maybe you'll sell to someone who doesn't care about these things. 


And finally to suggest something different: As a consumer you have greater influence on a company than as a small investor. I would leave your investments alone and instead focus on reducing your own environmental impact. 
>Walker, however, claimed that doubt over the role of human activity in climate change “is a view shared by half the climatologists in the world. We need good science to tell us what the reality is and science could do that if politicians didn’t interfere with it.”

What an absolute pack of lies.
Wasn't he transferring responsibility to NOAA while dedicating NASA to space exploration?
>as well as a spiteful attempt to keep them away from the pipeline construction site.

They're not allowed to be at the construction site. 

> where law enforcement fiercely defends property rights against protesters’ claims of environmental protection

They don't have a right to block the construction. They can do lots of things: they can sue, they can work to change the law, they can lobby the USACE, and so on, but they don't have the right to interfere with the rights of others. 

>In the meantime, President Obama could step in to protect everyone’s safety and pressure the sheriff’s officers to stand down.

Yeah, I'm sure Obama could try to shit all over the legal rights of the company building the pipeline and the people that own the property. 
"Thanks for the tourism dollars, now go pound sand while we do what we were going to do anyway, filthy _Auslanders_!"

Always liked Jamestown better anyway. 
"The social, environmental and economic crises we face require a complete reappraisal of the way we live and work."
You young people better read about President Hoover.
Things went well with him compared to what you are headed for.

The light at the end of the tunnel is a train and you cant out run it.
What the fuck is this shit
The same website claims Elon Musk doesn't even get the money that Laura Ingraham's campaign claims he gets. So what's the problem? It's not like anyone could hurt Tesla by cutting off the supply of money that they aren't even getting.

This looks like a propaganda piece trying to smear Donald Trump by tying him to a private campaign that he hasn't condoned.
Hi, /u/scottyLogJobs, that's a cool idea.  I donate to my state League of Conservation Voters, plus Conservation.org and sometimes the Sierra Club, but I recommend you check out the site CharityNavigator.org, which rates diff. orgs according to how they spend their funds.  Here's a link to their listings on the environment:  [LINK](https://www.charitynavigator.org/index.cfm?bay=search.results&cgid=4&cuid=11&sortby=overallrtg)

ETA:  The Humane Society is another org I donate to regularly - they're taking on factory farming in addition to other animal welfare issues, plus charities for coral reefs, bears, sharks and various other animal-specific orgs.
AllCreation.org is a living archive of faith and spiritual practice views on biodiversity and today's environmental challenges. This month we feature a collection of pieces on GRATITUDE. This first piece, very simple, reminds of the innate connections between spirituality, sustenance, nature, and gratitude to the Creator. 
"Likely to?" Unquestionably will.  Just start with the climate change deniers he's looking to hire and work your way down.  Bush was pretty bad.  Trump is going to be worse.  And given that he has a environment-hating republican majority, prepare for the likely erosion (if not outright destruction) of the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the national Environmental Policy Act, the Endangered Species Act, and a host of protective executive orders.

This is going to be bad.     
These people don't believe the federal government should own any land. At all. Right now it owns 28% of the US, more than a half billion acres.

These people already tried to open up uranium mining in the Grand Canyon.

These people want logging in national forests and strip mining in national parks.

These guys get rich from "mountaintop removal" blasting.

God help us
Hi. I'm one of the reporters on this story. Let me know if you have questions about any of it.
MAGA by destroying its pristine environments!
There has been a ton of legislation and funding in these areas and even if you cut the funding by 90% the laws that have been established over the last 3 decades will take care of it itself.
Since chemtrails do not exist except in the minds of some nuts, not at all. 

The correct name is contrails, short for condensate trails.
There are no chemtrails.

No chemtrails, no harm, no problem.
I suppose that the website created from Energy Industry money doesn't phase him. In about us page, I looked up his name. Apparently, he is a Coal, Oil, Gas industry lobbyist.

http://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php/H._Leighton_Steward
[Sceptical science](http://www.skepticalscience.com/) explains why these talking points are false.
It would be so wonderful if we could stop fucking over Native Americans.
God damn that website is ugly
I'm not sure of the veracity of this article but surely the big oil giants must see that they will be held responsible and potentially liable when climate change shit really starts to hit?
Trump went back on so many of his campaign promises. The wall, Muslim ban, lock her up and now this. what a time to be alive. 
But this is good. Maybe even great news.
It's the Paris Climate *Agreement* - not "deal".  This is an important distinction, because "deal" implies something that is binding.

The Agreement is just a promise of commitment.  What actually matters are the policies that the administration adopts.  The point is to meet emissions goals - I don't see that happening with a platform of gutting regulation and doubling-down on coal.  Or with Myron Ebell heading the EPA.

This is a soft-ball for Trump.  He "pivots" on an issue that most of America agrees with, and thus looks more reasonable.  Meanwhile, actual policy will be in the opposite direction, but most Americans won't notice.
Here's the thing, when polled on individual issues, American voters are pretty overwhelmingly progressive. For example: [57% support Marijuana legalization](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2016/10/19/gallup-support-for-marijuana-legalization-surges-to-new-highs/). [55% Support gay marriage.](http://www.pewforum.org/2016/05/12/changing-attitudes-on-gay-marriage/) [58% favor a federally funded healthcare system.](http://www.gallup.com/poll/191504/majority-support-idea-fed-funded-healthcare-system.aspx) [79% think abortion should be legal, at least in certain circumstances.](http://www.gallup.com/poll/1576/abortion.aspx) And there are lots of other key issues that, when polled, show that over half of Americans are on the side of progress. But it doesn't matter. People will just vote for whatever party they think they are a part of. They will just vote for whoever's name they recognize on the ballot. It seems like very few people actually take the time required to research a candidates positions and vote based on the issues. 

So although it's nice to see that so many people support the Paris deal, it doesn't actually matter all that much.
Maybe 71% of Americans should have FUCKING VOTED
He was elected by a minority (thanks non-voters) and is filling his cabinet with white supremacists. He clearly doesn't care what the majority of Americans think.
Too bad that the entirety of the 30% against it voted for him.
That's nearly the percentage of the American populace that didn't vote for Trump.  
> The survey was conducted from June 10 to 27, 2016, among a representative national sample of 2,061 adults. The margin of sampling error for the full sample is ±2.38, including a design effect of 1.2149. The margin of error is higher for partisan subgroups.

> Partisan identification is based on respondents’ answer to a standard partisan self-identification question: “Generally speaking, do you usually think of yourself as a Republican, a Democrat, an independent, or what?”

> [1] In the same Pew survey, moderate and especially conservative Republicans tend to think that the news media generally give too little attention to climate skeptics, while liberal Democrats tend to think the media give skeptics too much attention (moderate/conservative Democrats are evenly divided).  
  
Know what happened last time experts "weighted opinions" in survey.
26% of eligible voters picked this guy. 
So should this give me hope that Congress might try to block Trump's efforts to pull out of the climate treaty?
Enjoy your protest vote, shit people.
People are talking about the wrong thing about the Paris climate deal. There is no accountability nor enforcement in it. Countries will make up numbers to make a show that they are meeting the agreement, but in reality, manmade greenhouse gases will continue its upward climb. Anybody who thinks the Paris deal is actually going to do anything for the environment care more about the politics rather than the reality.
Americans have no idea what is in the Paris climate deal or what it really means. This is just silly. 
Bear in mind, polling results are skewed. I refuse to believe that asking a hundred or so people (and that's being generous) is not indicative of asking hundreds of millions of people.

Add to that, they could have easily focused their polling efforts on demographics progressively leaning. Liberals tend to forget there is a whole other side of this country that isn't deserving of their attention. 
[deleted]
I wonder how much further this will escalate; the protesters will only get more battered and desparate, the police will only get more and more brutal, and the corporations are in fear of losing some profit for their shareholders. 
watch this great doc by VICE on HBO (few min)  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tSDQBW8eI0

AFP article: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iOpLtKENpz4

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forest_dieback
I work for the EPA, i sure hope Trump actually brings all these manufacturing jobs back because i know i wont have this one in a year or two.
The man's the worst kind of science-denying oil industry shill, employed by one of the most notorious oil industry front groups.

If Trump was looking to make this appointment a fuck-you statement of contempt for the environment, this is the guy.
If there's one guy that could sell the republican base on the importance of climate change measures, it would be him.
Tell me this is true...
I find it hard to pin hopes onto this considering Trump flip flops and even flips back on the stuff he's said so far. Plus he still wants to appoint a denier to the EPA and remove regulations in favour of coal. Better to judge him on the actions he wants to take, not his words :/
If another 1% of Americans would have voted, their opinion might matter right now. 
i read that she already had her arm amputated. 
It's probably relevant to point out that no one is sure who the explosive device was from. Something used by police is unlikely to cause damage like that though. The mini-bombs the protestors were rigging up could though.

I'm not saying that's definitely what happened, but it seems unfair to blame police with no evidence. There are plenty of fucked up tactics by the police without unsubstantiated claims. 

Edit: again, not supporting the actions of the police in any way. I am referring specifically to the woman losing her arm. I have seen multiple articles about police blowing a woman's arm off, and it does not seem to be supported by facts.
https://youtu.be/RnaBB7lTyjk  shows what lobbyists can do to scuttle rooftop solar.
mfw when they mistakenly believe that consumption will to anything to address the latent and active effects of production.
Too little, too late.
"People of the future."

Heh!
The numbers also said he wouldn't be elected.
What a stupid article

1. Of course the Paris Agreement won't solve climate change by itself. If we only pursue solutions that solve the entire problem in one fell swoop, nothing will get done. 

2. How can you bash the Paris Agreement while supporting the green energy innovation fund that came about as part of the Paris Agreement??
When I shower, I wet myself, then turn the water off to put shampoo and soap on. When I'm all done and scrubbed, I turn the water back on to rinse off. Definitely save water in any way you can!
The new Pinkerton Men....
This is it, people. The dominoes have really picked up speed. It is too warm everywhere already and the system is going to tumble down faster than expected by anyone.

Whether we act now or not on a societal level is pretty moot now. We have to make local plans. And we should have started 10 years ago.
Just in time for it to be too late.
Not soon enough
I hope they do make it stick for 10 years so Trump can't open it up.
Help your municipality switch to LED streetlights. They will save money and GHG emissions. Just make sure you take into account lumens, light temperature, etc. and definitely do not do a 1:1 watt replacement.
>Take cold showers. 

No. That's where I draw the line. If I have to kill every goddamn polar bear by strangling them with my bare hands... I'm not giving up hot showers. 

Everything else on the list? Yeah, fine. The electric car will have to wait a bit, probably.
very easy and extremely cheap thing to do is to put more insulation in your home.
Is anyone actually surprised?
I don't buy this, it's all a money making scheme for the Big Environmental companies.
Some in-depth analysis  http://arctic-news.blogspot.com/2016/11/sea-ice-is-shrinking.html
This guy is totally wrong.
http://www.slate.com/articles/life/food/2013/04/allan_savory_s_ted_talk_is_wrong_and_the_benefits_of_holistic_grazing_have.html

Additionally he is responsible for the massacre of 40'000 elephants.
 http://www.theepochtimes.com/n3/438389-after-shooting-40000-elephants-he-vowed-to-find-a-better-way-to-save-two-thirds-of-the-world-from-becoming-desert/

He is a dangerous charlatan. 
[deleted]
Some of those ideas are good to the extent that they are possible.

But then I'm a big proponent of backyard gardens and green houses. And not just because it's good for the environment - fresh food just tastes better.
Pssshhh yeah right, this was all obviously created by the chinese to give then a competitive advantage.  Don't worry! 
> Washington state Republican Senator Doug Ericksen announced Wednesday plans to introduce a bill that would allow authorities to charge protesters with committing “economic terrorism,”... 

> violators could face five years in prison, a $10,000 fine or both.


With the upcoming Supreme Court appointment(s), we could realistically see a complete loss of the right to protest in Republican run States.  

Remember folks, these aren't protesters now they are "Economic *TERRORISTS*".
I think this is in the wrong subreddit for this article, but I'm game. They are not emboldened by Trump's win. They are emboldened by winning the governors and state legislatures. Although Trump doesn't have a mandate, it could arguably be said that the people gave the states a mandate on the Republican side.

The Democrats really should be asking themselves how they messed it up so badly within eight years of owning both the presidency, Senate and House and state executive and legislative governments to go to the polar opposite.

Even the point of the popular election being won by Clinton only means that those who bothered to vote for Clinton mostly lived in bubbles on the coasts. The people who used to vote Democrat in the flyover nation didn't even bother to go to the polls or switched over to the Republicans.

Instead of talking in their echo chambers, Democrats have to talk to the people in between the coasts and outside the cities instead of denigrating and demonizing them because they have something called a vote, and if Democrats won't listen to them, at best they will stay home instead of voting and at worst they will vote for someone who will.
>Salon

A tabloid site run by pedophile apologists. I'm honestly surprised that people like Todd Nickerson aren't on staff. 
I get that everyone is alarmed and disappointed... but really?

Undergrads whose entire life's work can be dissolved? *Rolls eyes*

I guess student magazines need stories, and Reddit posters need karma. Carry on. I don't want to be responsible for anyone's ego starving to death.
Talk to the PhD scientists at NREL, which may be dissolved entirely, and get back to me.
Several google searches suddenly find lots of two or three year old denialist sites.

I wonder what's linking to them.
The methane is mostly from the cows mouth. Fyi.
How many cow farts was the methane leak in California equal to? http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/624/cpsprodpb/64C9/production/_87510852_1f5a495d-3ae5-4b16-a3b4-4e29006647ae.jpg
I hate when they use these nice pictures of happy cows which account for 5% of all our meat. It further disconnects people from the reality of the meat industry.
Funny, it seems like all we had to do was try and some of the problem is solved.
This is huge. Algae farms would produce oxygen, eat Co2, cut GMO corn feed, and reduce global methane emissions by 20%.

JFHC they need to move on this immediately. I bet the beef would also be better.

Hemp+Seaweed=success
Wouldn't hurt to add a little to beer too
A related paper for anyone interested in more in-depth details of how certain species of seaweed reduces methane in cattle. 

http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0085289


Cool but it doesn't help the deforestation aspect. Really anyone that cares about the environment should should stop eating meat and dairy altogether 
Now that we know this, why do we not act on it. If we put a price on methane emissions from meat production, most would add this to the feed to avoid paying it.
Hopefully now we can figure out the mechanism and find a land-based grass that has the same effect or better.
This is super cool, but this is only really feasible on feedlot operations where you can mix the seaweed into cattle feed. Very difficult to spread the seaweed on pasture operations, where more methane is produced due to feed operations. 
Now they only have to start growing very large quantities of seaweed. I can't see how this will ever have a negative impact on marine life.
Wow...why don't we just feed the cows grass like they're supposed to? 
>... the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP), a potential deal it [China] has long championed that involves 14 Asian nations, plus Australia and New Zealand.
>The RCEP would involve much lower standards for the environment, labor rights and intellectual property protection than the TPP...

This. This is where the promise of globalization has really failed humanity. When globalized trade was first being sold, it promised to bring up the environmental standards of laggard nations. We were told that countries that didn't conform to the higher standards would be on the out of trade deals. This has been one of its biggest lies because trade agreements seem to be the catalyst for a race to the environmental bottom. 
"Results [of simulation models] show that removing trees in western North America causes cooling in Siberia, which slows forest growth there. Tree loss in the western U.S. also makes air drier in the southeastern U.S., which harms forests in places like the Carolinas. But forests in South America actually benefit, because it becomes cooler and thus wetter south of the equator.

In the second test case, removing most of the Amazon rainforest also caused Siberia to become colder and more barren, but it had a slight positive impact on southeastern U.S. vegetation. Losing Amazon forest had a significant positive impact on the neighboring forests in eastern South America, mostly by increasing the precipitation there during the Southern Hemisphere summer."
This is a good example of why Climate change is a major driver of migration.
And so began the water riots of 2016.
achievement unlocked
Burning the forests for energy doesn't sound sustainable.
"Skeptic"? How about "Willfully ignorant, insanely selfish white nationalist"?
Heartbreaking
The harshest part is that we recognize this happens, yet we continue to do it. 
I'm pretty embarrassed to be a Californian which is supposed to be a progressive environmental state, yet everywhere you look no here seems to practice what they preach.
The biomass burning power plants are burning these trees, and biomass burning is the largest source of renewable energy for California. But as the trees closest to the plants run out, they have to build new ones closer to the dead trees. There is resistance to building new plants because other forms of energy are much cheaper. But proponents say that the plants burning the trees are preferable to reverting to open agricultural burning.
What have they done to the earth?

What have they done to our fair sister?

Ravaged and plundered and ripped her and bit her

Stuck her with knives in the side of the dawn

And tied her with fences and dragged her down 
Texas just got out of a major drought. At one point it was one in three trees dead around Austin. 5-7 year droughts suck so bad, when it finally started raining again the lakes filled up super fast. Hopefully California gets a break, but I doubt it this year. 
one more reason to not live in california.
Chemtrails. 
Not down-river?
So long as everyone made money.....
I attended a presentation by this research team. It's excellent that attention is being brought to this, and a lot of good people are genuinely trying to assist the Peruvian government in a swift and effective response.

The fact that this map leaked though, is an interesting study in intellectual property. While it is good for the people of Peru that word is spreading, the widespread dissemination of an unpublished, work-in-progress report could severely compromise future ability of the researchers to publish their work and secure additional funding.

Obviously, the health and safety of people and the environment come first, but what happens if researchers can't do their eye-opening work in the first place?
Horrible.
This is the real question, one that so far nobody has been able to answer. As long as we remain divided, we lose. 
Focus on state and local action - get involved, join a political party to affect its platform, make phone calls to your state and local reps.

On the fed level, make yourself aware of exactly what's going on in congress, particularly what the GOP majorities are pushing toward law w/r/t climate and AMPLIFY on social media.

Trump is unique as a politician in that he knows how to read a room, and he won't want to go out not just a villain but THE villain.
More "Official Data" here:

[Nuclear Regulation Agency](http://radioactivity.nsr.go.jp/en/)

I looks very good there in F'Shima.
Thats rather creepy. I really Hope Trump isnt as dumb as he lets on.
I can explain the denial since I am now confronting my husband's. It is very strong because people do not want to think their lives and everything they are building amounts to nothing. I just woke up to this last week and I have been spending my time in utter despair because my kids will not have a habitable planet.

I just got to work. It's all completely pointless now. My hopes and dreams will be completely dead in the water. My kids will not have kids. And nobody believes it because it doesn't yet look like the world is burning.

My husband wants to have me committed because I am flipping out because of the news about sea ice. But this is it, people. The dominoes have been set up and they have been falling for some time now.
:(((

Im going to start planting trees where ever I can
Well it's probably already game over. There appears to be no "ifs" left.

 http://imgur.com/PdWfWEI
This is one of the primary reasons why I can't bring myself to have kids. There are enough people in the world and I don't want my kids growing up in a screwed up climate. I would rather adopt a child who already exists.
It's probably too late to change course. It's time to panic.
A pandemic or two would help.
Am I wrong to hope for a new plague?
This is why people should put off having kids (don't start pumping them out when you are young).  Ideally wait until you are 26.  Also limit yourself to one child only.

To note, I  had one child when I was 30 then had my tubes tied.

One child IS growth for the time being because both parents are typically still alive so 2+1=3.  A lot of people think our kids replace us.. but that is false.  We used to die a lot younger than we do now, our kids are not replacing us they are added numbers and chances are they will have kids, and possibly even grandkids, before we die - all of this is the problem.
Too late, unless we start bringing back the extinct ones.

We're feeling the effects of the first wave of extinctions we caused and it's snowballing.
We have to post these things to worldnews not just environment.
Here's to hoping he'll take climate change more seriously anyhow. If not, his ego/assets/wealth will mean absolutely nothing and by then it will be much too late. Keep up the good fight! :)
Well, I signed it. Let's hope all of these messages will have some lasting effects.
It's a waste of time. Citizen voices will mean even less in the new administration. Not that the old ones listened to us.
Your question doesn't make sense. We can't describe an environment without including its nutrient cycles, of which food chains are a part.

Yes, loss of krill, for example, has a huge impact on the Southern Ocean. Loss of a top predator can completely destabilize an ecosystem.
it's a misrepresentation.. industry created climate change. China has industry therefore it's China
Fake conspiracy theories need scapegoats who would seem to benefit from said theory.

Problem is, China has no EPA and has been "taking" manufacturing from the USA for quite a long time. If anything, global action on climate change (emissions limits) would help put America on more even footing with virtually unregulated Chinese industry.

If climate change solutions are only implemented in the USA, then its possible that the Chinese would benefit more in the short term (assuming there's any jobs left for us to lose to them). However, considering the problems with air pollution that China has been facing, and their over-subsizidation of solar panel manufacturing, it seems that China is addressing it's issues more seriously than we are, and are likely to reap long-term benefits of energy independence and improved air quality.
Surely there's a quick technical fix to solve this crisis which was caused by our reliance on quick technical fixes. Hey, I have a solution to rising emissions: burn less fucking fossil fuel. 100% guaranteed effective.
Not very efficient, hopefully it gives way to something better.
This is arguably the biggest reason why we need cultured meat. Along with animal wellfare and methane reduction of course, but deforestation is a motherfuck on its own.
[deleted]
Unfortunately, this is a dangerous mentality. Trump has the power to put people into positions that CAN do everything bad we are worried about.
The bad news is, so does everyone. We just have to wait until a large scale economic downturn of epic proportions maybe helps reduce CO2 outputs enough to avoid catastrophic runaway conditions which might already be here.

I weep for our future. Our planet is probably not going to be inhabitable after my generations. I gave birth to dead kids.
Well, first of all, what are his arguments? Why does he not believe in it? There might be several ways to convince him. First of all, you may show him the articles of organizations that might deserve credibility (like NASA, for instance: http://climate.nasa.gov/evidence/ or that of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change https://www.ipcc.ch/). Most scientists (over 90%, some say 97% or more, I do not know the exact figures) do agree climate change is real. If he has a different opinion, then show you are open to hear it and let him show his evidence. I find it hard to believe he will be able to indicate some solid articles about it and independent expert opinions of experts. But maybe he will, I am curious about it too, so let's see what he brings. 
To him, I guess, it is a hoax and a global conspiracy. Very well, then let's just think in terms of strategy. Who would be interested in affirming it's a hoax. Strangely, many climate change deniers are somehow involved in the oil business. It may be that they truly believe that climate change is a hoax, but their psychology does have a very solid reason to cherry-pick some facts (well look, it was actually quite cold THIS year, and it snowed here and there, and the ocean did not rise THAT much) in order to have the inner confirmation of their climate-hoax theory.
Then, if the "voice of reason" does not work, maybe he has reasons to deny it on an emotional level. I really do not know your father, but maybe, just maybe, he is enjoying his lifestyle and he does not want him or anyone else, for this matter, to change. Is he driving a highly polluting car? Is he eating a lot of meat? What if it just does not appeal to him to believe in it? What if he denies it for reasons that are not "reasonable"? In this case, maybe you need to find out what stands behind his stubbornness. Again, I do not know him at all and this is all pure guessing. My point is that, in that case, you may be more successful not pushing on climate change, but showing that the "green" way can actually be economically lucrative and bring benefits related to health (he is not denying the toxicity of the exhaust gas and its influence on people's health too, is he?) Plus, look, even if climate change were not true, oil and coal will not last for too long. Maybe turning the country's investments to solar and wind energy will guarantee and smooth transition in a world that will need to move to those sooner or later.
I am writing all of these, but, to be honest, I have also met very skeptical people, calling all of it a hoax. I invited them to bring solid evidence and they couldn't, preferring to just close the subject. So I don't know how effective your endeavor might be. Keep me posted, I am curious.
Borrow a page or two from George Lakoff and try to reframe it. 


Not sure where your father stands as regards politics and religion, but a safe bet may be to rephrase things in a way so as to make caring for the environment an act of stewardship, the sort of thing a strong father does to protect his children. 


Keep it small, keep it personal. 


Avoid the word 'global' if at all possible. 


Pull historical weather data for where you currently live, plus any regions he personally cares about. 


Don't go too far back.. his lifetime plus that of his parents should just about fit. 
How old are you?  Why is it so important that your father agree with you on this issue?  Fathers are not perfect.  Children are not perfect.  You are not going to solve this in one sitdown with an armload of books.  Give your dad a break.  Let someone else convince him.  The relationship between fathers and their children is complex enough without turning it into a seminar.
Is there a reason he doesn't believe it?  
Go in this order.
Debate him on whether these are true or false. 


Does he believe in the existence of CO2? 


Does he believe in CO2 ability to trap heat ?

(Optional) Does he believe CO2 can trap heat for 17000 years?



Does he believe there is a heat balance that creatures are used to?



Does he believe destroying the old order won't wipe out species and destroy large chunks of environment?
Ask him if any information you could provide would change his mind. If not, don't waste your time.

Most people are unwilling to change their beliefs under any circumstances. If he isn't one of those then see the other posts here.
And at the other pole:

**Mysterious Winds Cause Rapid Melting of Antarctic Ice**  
*Scientists suspect warm föhn winds may be responsible for calving ice shelves—and when they occur is surprising.*  
http://news.nationalgeographic.com/2016/11/foehn-winds-melt-ice-shelves-antarctic-peninsula-larsen-c/
We're so fucked.
Mainstream media: "Everything is fine! Society makes sense! Buy lots and lots of things this holiday season!". 
In the future, remember that you heard it from me first: The gulf stream is now coming to a stop.

The warm water that usually is chilled enough to sink to the bottom and be flushed back to the Mexican Gulf to be warmed up again, is now gathering around the north pole instead. It will be a number of warm years until the entire gulf stream comes to a complete stop, then it will be cooold. Winter is coming.

You should visit Iceland and the Nordics while it's still nice there in the summers.
Chicago in November checking in. Was 70 degrees three times in the past week.
Can confirm. Live in Canada's prairies. It should be snow and freezing and it was 15°C-20°C the past week or so. Getting colder now. Wonder if the Arctic will catch up. 
this is why focusing on the environment should be number over most issues and sadly its pushed aside, for example not once was there talk during the U.S. Presidential debate about the environment
Degrees *what*? FFS, this same title has been posted half a dozen times now, and still no poster can be even slightly bothered to recognise there is a world outside the US. 
>The present energy economy in the US is driven by the low price of natural gas and renewables, and Trump is unlikely to be able to change that. The subsidies that are currently helping renewables were popular enough in Congress to be one of the few things passed during the Obama administration, and the trajectory of renewable prices is such that the subsidies won't be needed for cost competitiveness for much longer. While Trump may revoke some of the rules that make coal less competitive, it's not clear that businesses will feel confident enough that these changes will survive long enough to make something like a coal plant, with a lifespan that runs decades, a reasonable risk.
Fuck...
So the Bureau of Land Management will not sell to someone that doesn't intend to "develop" the land, i.e. hydraulic fracturing? Is it just me or is everyone feeling like we are totally screwed?
[This](http://fuelfix.com/blog/2016/11/16/new-rule-on-inactive-wells-could-be-a-game-changer-for-small-energy-companies/) might help.      

*Texas' minimum production quantities to keep the well classified as 'active'*.     

Pricks.
The smart tiles will cost less than stuff like terra-cotta tiles, not regular asphalt shingles. 
I just replaced my roof with a 35 year one, just a few years ago.  
they'll get cheaper as they get adopted. just like everything else. other companies will start making their own versions... competition will kick in yadda yadda... this is super cool and definitely the right direction to go in
I can't wait for the US to jump behind Musk and the solar power industry, makes everything cheaper and more accessible 
We don't do shingles in Australia. We do have tiles.

To be honest. I think my solar panels help keep the house cool. They are a few cm off the roof and provide shade and allow for air flow between the panel and roof.
The only question I've ever had about these or regular solar panels is about hail damage.  I live in north Texas, and several times we've had hail the size of golf balls or bigger.  We had to have our shingle roof replaced because of the damage the last time this happened.
i'll believe it when i can buy it at home depot
But who will protect the profits of dumb roof manufacturers /s
In Australia, tiled roofs are the norm. I've never seen asphalt shingles here. We do have corrugated colourbond as cheaper alternatives but these are mostly used in rural construction. Pretty much every suburban house is a tiled roof
A neat feature for new roofs is possibly not having to engineer for snow loads.

Is a heating feature something that is part of the inverter that just sends a reverse current to the cells, or is it more involved than that?

Would you still have to engineer for snowloads based on the cells/heater failing?
Didn't he say, when you take into account the electricity...then it's cheaper?

AKA not cheaper at all.

Or did he mean,  when you compare a regular roof with solar panels,  its cheaper than that.

I think he talks a lot of shit.
No need to get cheeky about it, bloke.
Is nobody going to talk about the mini Tesla at 2:35 in the video?
Yeah, yeah, but what's the cost in dollar amount?  I don't have any idea what a dumb roof would cost so that reference point doesn't help me.
You don't see too many electricians throwing on asphalt shingles. I find it pretty hard to believe that fancy solar roof panels are cheaper than asphalt shingles. I understand that there are energy savings and potential long term value, but the upfront cost for retrofitting a roof and installation has to be pretty high. 
I'm a huge environmentalist and this is definitely a step forward in the right direction. Would be great if that 2017 deadline is met... considering his somewhat unsuccessful attempt, so far, at having a commercial spaceship.
Dude the fam just bought a new roof
After you figure in cost of electricity over its lifetime. That means the initial investment could be very considerable. 
The whole concept of solar and electric vehicles won't work for apartment, or multi dwellings. (Alas)
Once subsidies for solar are stripped out, no one other than than the top 1% of the top 1% can afford this stuff. All green fantasies. We need new tech, not old tech.
Electricity and hydrogen power both have usage cases where they excel. Also, both are developing technologies which are seeing incremental improvement over time.

The real reason that electrical vehicles have outpaced hydrogen vehicles is that the pace of battery development has been accelerated by several industries, from consumer products to renewable power generation, avionics, military, and other applications.

Hydrogen fuel cells also have a few different applications, but so far their best usage case has been space flight. There aren't as many consumer applications for power generation as there are for power storage.

If there were a significant improvement in catalysts for the water -> hydrogen process (as well as massively lower energy costs for water desalinization), hydrogen power could be as widely successful as traditional petroleum vehicles. Unlike petroleum, hydrogen can be generated virtually anywhere, leading to decentralized gas stations (hydrogen = real gas) or hydrogen generation at home. Although it's not as energy dense as hydrocarbon fuels, it's still better than the 100-200 mile range of current gen EVs. It also doesn't add as much cost or weight to vehicles compared to current batteries.

So, rather than dismiss a technology that hasn't yet developed fully, let's accept that for now hydrogen generation isn't efficient enough, cheap enough, or "small" enough to disrupt the traditional vehicle market. These are the same problems that made pure EVs rather impossible when the Prius was first released. In another decade from now, who knows what technologies will have leap-frogged from niche applications and research labs to mature consumer-grade applications.
I'm okay with this. The ability to fuel my car at home is a huuuuge part of why I want an electric vehicle. I'm stuck with a Prius now. But a Bolt or Model 3 or some other EV is in my future. 
This article seems rather misleading.

>There are about 21 million acres of trees spread across California’s 18 national forests, and the latest figures show 7.7 million of them — more than one-third — are dead. 

It seems like they took the figure from a survey of the entire state and applied it to the national forests.

Here's what I found on it.

http://www.fs.fed.us/news/releases/new-aerial-survey-identifies-more-100-million-dead-trees-california


Global warming and the ever dwindling supply of ground and aquifer water that is turning the soil into not capable of supporting trees or most beneficial vegetation.
Incredibly sad nonetheless. 
They use the dead trees for their biomass burning power plants which is the largest source of "renewable" energy that California crows about
They be smoking them trees over in California!
Don't forget that the Cuyahoga river in Ohio actually caught fire.  
https://clevelandhistorical.org/items/show/63  
http://www.alleghenyfront.org/how-a-burning-river-helped-create-the-clean-water-act/
As much as I hate to say this and hope it isn't true, I think we're going to have to have a major disaster like this during the Trump administration to have any hope of things taking a turn for the better 
We're in for a bumpy ride, wait till all the fake news sites start supporting the new agenda...
It exists now and we are in the middle of multiple environmental disasters. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Smog_of_London - thousands killed and tens of thousands made sick.
But according to his supporters and those who voted against Hillary instead of Trump, aren't we supposed to "give him a chance"? Gimme a break.
Why do people think he doesn't understand it? He knows it's real and how it works. He just makes sounds come out of his word hole that get people to give him things and do things for him. He thinks it's great that he can do that, he's been doing it forever. He doesn't give a fuck about anything or anyone and lies the same way you breathe.
Forget that. Just get Musk to show him how much better new energy is as a business. Talk to him using numbers he cares about. Jobs, growth, dollars. 
Why not Bill Mckibben? Or Bill Nye?
This article is from October. Catanzaro has been removed from the transition team.
sigh...
Is there a reliable way to see if someone has a soul? I demand a test for this guy. Can't imagine  doing what he is doing at this point in our story. 
Makes me sad to learn this. 
lol
Hillary helped spread fracking and that wasn't a big deal. In fact, people were praising her for it as the election got closer.

So fracking is still perfectly fine under Trump, right?
> BAS: Carroll Muffett, president of the Center for International Environmental Law in Washington, D.C., said: “For decades there’s been a persistent myth that everyone is responsible, and if everyone is responsible then no one is responsible… Rick’s work for the first time identifies a discrete class of defendants …”

> Heede: Yes, I was pleased to read that.

> And I agree, but I want to point out that my focus on attributing responsibility to carbon producers is that they need to share and accept responsibility, not that they are solely responsible, or that consumers and individuals have none.

> BAS: Does that mean that lawsuits are a possibility?

> Heede: I suppose that that implication is being considered, but I’m purely an independent scientist. I’m happy to provide quantitative data to anyone who asks, including the International Committee on Human Rights. It is definitely being explored, by people such as the state attorney general of Massachusetts, Martha Healey, and state attorney general Eric Schneiderman of New York.

...

> BAS: What do you think is the take-away from your work?

> Heede: Energy efficiency is far cheaper per unit than adding generating capacity. We need to pay attention to that, through technology and behavior.  And we should be able to find the money to do that; after all, if we can subsidize fossil fuel discovery and development to increase supply, then we can spend money on reducing demand. With that in mind, regulation is important.

> It’s what these companies do henceforth that matters. Do they keep their head in the oil sand and fight change, or do they understand that embracing climate stewardship gets loyalty from their customers?

> And on a related note, you and I may not be carbon majors, but we need to do our part, too, in saving fuel and behaving responsibly. That’s one reason I have built a passive-solar, rammed-earth house that emits approximately 3-to-4 pounds of carbon dioxide per square foot per year, or about 75 percent less than the average single family home. And it’s why I drive far less than average, and modify my life to respect my own science-based limits on carbon emissions.

> But, hey, I fly a bunch, and am about to hit the beach in November. Zero carbon is not yet possible, and we can still enjoy life. The objective is shared responsibility and action, not reverting to the Stone Age, as our critics falsely attribute to us.
Shut them the fuck down. We are dying here.
> Proponents of nuclear power would have us believe that humankind is smart enough to store nuclear waste for a quarter of a million years, but at the same time, humankind is too ignorant to figure out how to store solar electricity overnight.
Start asking neighboring countries and then maybe the USA can start shipping trash over there.
Denmark is already importing trash from countries like England because it's more efficient to burn it in Denmark.
Finish army gonna kick pollution's ass! Maybe they can team up with Captain Planet?
It's not even going to be economical to drill there for the next 5 years at least especially with the huge Permian Basin reserve much easier to get to.
Every gram of carbon we extract from the earth to put in the atmosphere is moving us closer to inevitable climate death. It's crazy that people are still advocating in favor of this when the North Pole is 36 degrees over normal.
I am amazed by how comically evil Republicans continue to be. What the fuck guys?
Do they think people aren't going to notice? We need a way to infiltrate this type of information to be in front of everyone on social media 
I'd probably go to Wisconsin or Minnesota. 
What's your region?  USA?  Are you open to anywhere in the world?

1st, go for a craton (ancient continental crust, like the Canadian Shield) because it's usually not earthquake prone.

2nd, look at the water situation there.  Again, the Canadian Shield has abundant lakes and streams.  Unfortunately, the soil is poor over much of it but you could get lucky.

3rd, stay inland to reduce risk of superstorms and sea level rise.  Stay north to reduce risk of tornadoes. The northern reaches of the Canadian shield are good for this. 

4th, avoid forested areas.  If the globe continues to heat, wildfires will become problematic.

By now we've pushed you to the far north of Canada.  Is this someplace you think you could live?
Nova scotia, there are less than a million people and no earthquakes.
I use it often as a sarcastic device to end a bad discussion about the environment on the tone that "at least *something* will make it out alive, *somehow*". I see what you describe plenty on Reddit... never in person at least, not so far. I'd probably react the same way you do if I ever met someone who used it that way and get up in their face about it. :(
It was meant to be an eye-opening response to the idea that we are killing the planet. The fact is that planet will go on. Lots of animals will survive (not all, certainly), nature will adapt to its new circumstances, and the earth will continue to host life in some form long after humans are extinct. It's meant to remind people not to be so egocentric as to thing we will end the world, and to realize that when we are fighting to protect the environment, we are actually fighting to protect ourselves. I think, originally, it was meant to be a rallying point, but many people use it in a fatalistic way. 
The bridge between humans and animals is semantic at best.
Also they would be wrong as all the experts are claiming the extinction rate is going through the roof. But I think the biggest crime is not against ourselves but against them, why should they die out because of our knowing careless, selfish acts?
It's sarcasm. Sometines it is also intended to mean "look, we have the most to lose, but if we are unable to stop this, don't you agree that the planet would be better off with us not on it?"


Gosh, I hope the animals make it.  They are innocent.  Humans have a choice.  And there are many terrible humans.  On top of it all, we actively are deciding to destroy the planet, primarily for convenience and profit.
An impressive example of local control working well. It was nice to learn of Bernie Sander's role.
When you want scientific answers, read peer reviewed (!) scientific papers instead of political propaganda.
The election polls and all of the other things you listed aren't really scientific.  They're just opinions coming from extremely biased media.  Of course the media could be blowing climate change out of proportion as well.  Personally, I'll trust the opinions of professional scientists that spend enormous amounts of time studying the environment.  I'm in no position to argue against them, just like I wouldn't argue the night sky with an astronomer.  But, articles and opinion pieces in the news, I would take with a grain of salt.  If possible its better to skip the news article and go straight to the references and read the source study.  Journalists aren't trained in environmental science so once they grab a study and make an article blowing it out of proportion just to push their agenda, it isn't really worth reading.  

I'm not saying scientists are infallible, there is definitely some fake shit, but they **probably** aren't all lying.  And to me, a lot of it is just common sense.  I wouldn't pour myself a cup of gasoline so I don't want any in my water supply either.  I'm not going to sit behind a car and huff the exhaust pipe for an hour, its obviously bad, so logic says that breathing the same pollutants dispersed in the air will also, but to a much lesser extent, be bad for you. I don't know if you've ever been in a heavily polluted area, but if you haven't, it's pretty shitty lol

I think the big issue is saying the world will be destroyed.  Climate change will definitely **alter** the world.  But, realistically, the majority of life will just change, adapt, and move on.  How devastating the change will be really depends on location.
7/10 troll.
I think it all depends on what "they" you decide to listen to. 
You can just look at current trends, no need to make projections. Current trends are already terrifying.
Based purely off your title, and a very small skim of the article. I believe some people do grieve over them. But in reality it takes a lot for a person to morn over something they have never formed a real attachment to. Its like a defense mechanism so we don't walk around being depressed 100% of the time. That said, its not a positive thing for the environment. 
Well, I do, but I am feeling increasingly alone.
As someone who works on the conservation of wildlife I certainly do grieve for extinct species.  Most of my social network shares my values and also grieves.

At the end of the day we still have to get on with life as grieving by itself doesn't accomplish anything.  Action to prevent more extinctions (above the natural background rate of extinctions) does though. 
Even those that grieve tend to ignore the ones that non-Europeans killed off, even though we have been killing of species for fifty thousand years.
I grieve for them:  the only way to see the passenger pigeon or Carolina Parakeet is in a picture.  It wounds my soul that humans are so thoughtlessly cruel and destructive.
Well maybe if we stopped drilling the coral, they would bounce back faster /s
Whatever life is there will be found and destroyed by the exportation of generous amounts of freedom from the United States.
95% of it was dead, but now only 93-94% is dead.
They're temporary holding cells, not kennels.

http://www.kfyrtv.com/content/news/Temporary-Holding-Cells-399394201.html
I'd be interested to see how many people in this sub are already vegan / vegetarian or at least consuming less meat than the average person.  My guess is the rate observed here is higher than the population average.
I went vegetarian recently. I love meat, but I'll gladly give it up until there's a way to produce it without being so costly to the environment.
I'm Canadian, if I was mostly troubled by Trump's election it was on matters related to climate change. 

While it's hard for me to move the centre of US political discourse from up here, I've resolved to do more. 

In the past, I've made decisions like selling my car and taking mass transit, composting, and keeping my footprint small (less airplane trip vacations, more by bus/train). I also made the decision this past year to eat more vegetarian. While I started one day a week I'm now pledging to add one more complete day a week for the next few years until I'm completely vegetarian. 

Realize it's a smaller gesture than going full vegetarian immediately, but it's a personal process and I'm committing myself to it. By each year I will cut my meat consumption by 14% to the point that by the end of Trump's first term I will have a diet that is 71% vegetarian - 5 of 7 days in the week. 

It's the least I can do, and I will continue to look to do more.
Very clever, he just wants to take all the gainz and then leave us with no meat.
Don't worry.  We'll all be eating less of everything very soon.
I started eating meat much less...it's cheaper, environmentally friendly, I lost weight, and although at first I really missed the meat, now I don't. I eat it maybe once a week now and I feel great. Not to mention self-satisfied.

But seriously, there is no reason not to eat less meat.
So long as you get your society to stop consuming ass loads of fossil fuels while you do it, go right ahead.
Fuck you Arnold, and fuck this planet. I'll suck as much cock as I want! 
He himself, his lifestyle, his travel and his toys have had the environmental impact of Tunguska.

Guy who to this day likes taking his 2 mile per gallon Veyron out for a spin on weekends telling people how to make environmental choices.

Thanks Arnie!

Dictates from the private jet travel Hollywood aristocracy get more people to shut their ears than they ever can open minds.  They all need to shut up, sell what they own, give away the proceeds and leave the LA lawn circus for modest small-home living in a sustainable way.

You hear me /u/GovSchwarzenegger ?  Up yours, hypocrite!  Go father a bunch more illegitimate kids.  Great for the environment!
what a joke - and the decades he popularized giant SUVs and other polluting vehicles - what about that Arnold?
So the rich can keep on making money from fossil fuel.
There was an article on reddit not long ago about a farmer that was feeding his cows with sea food or something that makes cows emit zero emission... so why not both?
How many carbon dioxides were released when [this monstrosity](https://pmcvariety.files.wordpress.com/2011/05/4949f-schwarzshriver_aer_bing.jpg) was built?
But then how do we get to be as buff as him!?!?!
No.

-America
I'll eat one meat for every time he's flown in a jet.
One thing's for certain: not many people in this thread are gonna get to have their pudding.
How about people have less kids so I can eat my steak, and overall consumption drops?

(I don't have kids)
He signed up for military service just so he could eat more meat. What's hypocrite in German?
No can do Arnold, but I appreciate the suggestion.
Can't we just eat each other and solve two problems at once?
I saw something about this last week, he was doing it because his doctor told him his body couldn't handle eating so much meat so he is cutting back.  Interesting that he is spinning it into an environmental issue.
I've said this before but it's worth repeating: It's not because we're eating meat that we're having global warming, it's because of fossil fuels.  

Without fossil fuels we wouldn't have this issue, the problem is that the extra CO2 introduced to the atmosphere through burning fossil fuels are causing issues. Trying to make meat a global warming issue is just a [red herring](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_herring) to either distract from fossil fuels or pushing other agendas, e.g vegans and/or animal rights activists.

In the US agriculture is around 8% of total emissions, this also includes plant grown for human consumption, while energy production is 31% and transportation is 27%. So it those few percentages from meat isn't a big deal, what we should focus on is the other 90%.

[Sector emission chart](http://imgur.com/r9qavFg)

*EPA,* ["Sources of Greenhouse Gas Emissions"](http://www3.epa.gov/climatechange/ghgemissions/sources.html).

If someone was getting fat and 90% of their diet was Coca Cola you'd tell them to cut down on the Coke, not the food.

I posted this in [another thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/4wv8an/cowspiracy_2014_the_film_explores_the_impact_of/d6bit4e):

---

You don't eat beef just for the energy, the main reason you eat meat is for the protein and when you compare those numbers to plant sources of protein you see that there isn't a big difference for going vegetarian/vegan. And any issues we have with beef can be remedied by better agricultural methods, and focusing on cutting out fossil fuels (a much better target) will also lower the greenhouse gas emission.

Looking at the big picture US meat isn't a big deal for greenhouse gas emissions. In the US currently *all agriculture*, including the plants we eat, only represent about 8% of our total emissions (so meat might be 5-6% of that):

[Figure 6-1](http://imgur.com/qvhckdZ)

> In 2012, emission sources accounted for in the Agricultural chapters were responsible for 8.1 percent of total U.S.
greenhouse gas emissions.

*Environmental Protection Agency*, ["Sources of Greenhouse Gas Emissions, Agriculture"](http://www.epa.gov/climatechange/Downloads/ghgemissions/US-GHG-Inventory-2014-Chapter-6-Agriculture.pdf).

The 2015 draft also shows that this is declining, as a percentage, to 7.6% ([chapter 5](http://www.epa.gov/climatechange/pdfs/usinventoryreport/US-GHG-Inventory-2015-Chapter-5-Agriculture.pdf)).

And when you look at the individual common meats and protein sources produced with decent practices ([Cederberg, 2013](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23031741)) it's only beef that's an outlier, I'll include Quorn as a vegetarian protein reference ([Quorn, 2014](http://www.quorn.co.uk/~/media/Quorn/Downloads/SustainabilityReport.ashx)):

[Figure 5](http://imgur.com/Q8wyfjj).

Food|kg CO2 eq/kg
:--|--:
Beef | 25.2 
Pork|5.5 
Quorn|3.4
Chicken|2.5
Eggs|1.4

^Bone ^free ^percentages ^used; ^beef ^78%, ^pork ^62%, ^chicken ^76% ^as ^the ^numbers ^in ^Cederberg ^is ^with ^bone. ^Example: ^19.6 ^kg ^CO2/kg ^for ^beef, ^divided ^by ^0.78, ^is ^25.2.

So just cutting out beef would likely be the same as, or even better than, going vegetarian. This doesn't include new farming methods which could increase carbon sequestration of grazing land to similar levels of forest land:

> Here we show that these farms accumulated C at 8.0 Mg ha^−1  yr^−1, increasing cation exchange and water holding capacity by 95% and 34%, respectively. Thus, within a decade of management-intensive grazing practices soil C levels returned to those of native forest soils, and likely decreased fertilizer and irrigation demands.

*Machmuller MB, et al.* ["Emerging land use practices rapidly increase soil organic matter"](http://www.nature.com/ncomms/2015/150430/ncomms7995/full/ncomms7995.html) *Nat Commun. 2015 Apr 30;6:6995. doi: 10.1038/ncomms7995.*

For reference the Cederberg paper lists Sweden as producing ~240,000 tons of beef per year on 787,000 hectares, or ~305 kg / ha. This is around 7.7 tons of CO2eq per hectare per year, and the above paper shows they can store 8 tons of CO2eq per hectare per year.

So it looks like beef can likely be fairly close to CO2eq neutral, depending on how it's produced.

A bit related to all of this I posted a comment in [another thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/environment/comments/43eb3o/as_the_world_tackles_climate_change_is_meat_off/czhs52u), all vegetarian protein sources being in a similar range to not eating beef (for reference chicken being 2.5 kg CO2/kg and pork at 5.5 kg CO2/kg):

---

And as a comparison here's some common protein rich plant sources normalized to 25% protein content:

Food|kg CO2 eq/kg
:--|--:
Quorn|6.1
TextVP|4.5
Tofu|3.8
Legumes|2.0
Seitan|1.9
Tempeh|1.0

Tofu/Tempeh is from ([Blonk, 2008](http://blonkconsultants.nl/en/upload/pdf/english-summary%20protein-rich-products.pdf
)) with transport removed (estimated at 25% based on the graphs). It uses USDA [Tempeh](http://ndb.nal.usda.gov/ndb/foods/show/4851?fgcd=&manu=&lfacet=&format=&count=&max=35&offset=&sort=&qlookup=tempeh) and [raw regular Tofu](http://ndb.nal.usda.gov/ndb/foods/show/5014?fgcd=&manu=&lfacet=&format=&count=&max=35&offset=&sort=&qlookup=tofu) protein contents. The CO2 cost might be underestimated as US soybean production is as 1.2 kg CO2 eq/kg ([United Soybean Board, 2010](http://biodiesel.org/reports/20100201_gen-422.pdf), page 30 Table 14), average European imported soybean is around 4.8 CO2 eq/kg ([Gerber, 2010](http://www.fao.org/docrep/012/k7930e/k7930e00.pdf), page 40) when factoring loss due to deforestation. 

Textured Vegetable protein is from ([Kletscher, 2014](http://lib.dr.iastate.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1395&context=abe_eng_conf
)) with a 50% protein content.

Seitan uses 1 kg CO2 eq/kg of dry pasta ([Barilla, 2013](http://www.internationalpasta.org/resources/WPD2013/Luca%20Ruini%20Pasta%20and%20Sustainability%20WPD%20Istanbul.pdf)) and 13% protein content (USDA [dry pasta](http://ndb.nal.usda.gov/ndb/foods/show/6573?fgcd=&manu=&lfacet=&format=&count=&max=35&offset=&sort=&qlookup=pasta)). Gluten isn't a complete protein so this underestimates the CO2 cost a bit as you'll have to use another source to balance the missing amino acids.

Legumes is 75% of averaged 2-3 kg CO2 eq/kg for kidney beans and chickpeas in ([Tesco, 2012](https://www.tescoplc.com/assets/files/cms/Tesco_Product_Carbon_Footprints_Summary%281%29.pdf)) using a base of 24% protein (USDA [raw kidney beans](http://ndb.nal.usda.gov/ndb/foods/show/4766?manu=&fgcd=)). 

There are also some issues with protein digestibility from plant sources ([Sarwar Gilani, 2012](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23107545)), even with cooking for 40 minutes, fermenting, and then milling bean tempeh, the protein is at 75% digestibility ([Reyes-Bastidas, 2010](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21339161) see [Table 2](http://imgur.com/2RJuPT1)). And even with complete proteins the amount of amino acids per gram protein differs between plant and meat protein; [beef](http://nutritiondata.self.com/facts/beef-products/3757/2) has about 44% more of it's limiting essential amino acid when compared to [Soy](http://nutritiondata.self.com/facts/legumes-and-legume-products/4396/2).

So once people switch away from beef to pork/chicken there's no significant greenhouse gas benefit to switching to plant sources of protein. Europeans especially need to be careful as some soybeans can have a CO2 cost of up to 17.8 kg CO2 eq/kg ([Geraldes Castanheira, 2013](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0959652613003442)).
Right now I am afraid for the planet's present. One season of generalized crop failure and we are done basically.
Nah that's okay.
I don't eat meat or plants cuz all of these are living creatures with feelings.  
Arkansas' fight to shut down the only CAFO operating inside the Buffalo River Watershed. Who's right? 
Does that mean slowing down climate change and methane bubbles popping? I would hate to recommend destroying the Amazon, but...
Sadly we are not really " ahead of target" because the Pacific Ocean is dying. As the temperature rises it holds less and less oxygen. In just 15 yrs it's predicted to not be able to sustain life. When the oceans die, we will die not too long after. The entire ecosystem is collapsing at this point and there is really not a thing we can do about it. Numerous unstoppable feedback loops have been set in motion, from the extra heat being added daily being termed "unstoppable" to the exponential release of billions of tons of methane from melting permafrost and ocean bottoms. Nope...many scientists predict this is the last human generation on earth. 
Actually, the reason coal is dwindling is because another fossil fuel, natural gas, is more competitive. You're are only seeing a tree in the forest if you only concentrate on coal. Despite all the feel good articles like this, manmade greenhouse gas production is still increasing.
Due to other countries choosing solar and private owner ship of solar power, coal won't be making a comeback. 
Hows it possible that nobody in the coal industry is demanding to be retrained to work in the next big industry? It's as if they not only know their industry is dying but want to somehow preserve it forever wtf ppl 
I am guessing we will keep hearing about these kinds of EXTREMES more and more and getting worse and worse as years go by. Until we realize its too late to do anything about it.

The real problem is OVERPOPULATION. We have to URGENTLY start dealing with it or we wont make it. 
If President-elect Trump has a personal financial incentive to enact policy that could hurt his constituents (the American people) then he needs to have his financial dealings investigated!

Call your legislative branch reps, and specifically call leaders on the oversight committee and demand they investigate Trump for kleptocracy, nepotism, and underhanded dealing.  If he has financial ties to polluters then he needs to be chastised.

---

* Oversight Committee: (202) 225-5074
* Chaffetz' DC: (202) 225-7751
* Chaffetz' UT: (801) 851-2500

Here's a list of everyone on the committee: https://oversight.house.gov/subcommittee/full-committee/

*If you would like to talk to a [Senator:](https://www.hsgac.senate.gov/):

U.S. Senate Committee on Homeland Security & Governmental Affairs

Phone: (202) 224-4751

340 Dirksen Senate Office Building

Washington, DC, 20510



To be fair, Clinton wouldn't have done anything of real impact. She only said the bare minimum to secure votes.
"Everybody knows it's true" stuff has happened before and everyone against is an anti science moron. Look a few posts down....so far we've taken 50 years to unravel damage from the sugar and fat lies and still 90% of people, stores, diets don't get it even now it's been debunked. Takes literally lifetimes to undo damage of bad science.

http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/09/13/493739074/50-years-ago-sugar-industry-quietly-paid-scientists-to-point-blame-at-fat

Frankly I'm not sure global warming isn't a big mistake, less likely a hoax...and I've spent years analyzing the data and reading up on it and know how badly models are prone to unconscious bias.
Fiji was probably invented by the Chinese!
Shit article. Nowhere does it mention what the effects of climate change are on Fiji, and even if there were effects, that still doesn't prove it's because of humans.

The island of Tuvalu tried to blame sea level rises on their fresh water wells being contaminated with sea water. Instead it was their own people living unsustainably by drawing too much fresh water. 

Was that mentioned in the article? Was the fact that some atolls have actually increased in area mentioned? No. This is propaganda.
Who cares about the north pole, right? It's not in America! What if eskimos did it?
Those are °F.  For the rest of the world: 20°C.  

Please consider making that distinction explicit when writing. Having two completely different units both using the term "degrees" is confusing and everyone should consider being explicit when addressing an international audience such as this subreddit. Especially the lesser used variant. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Countries_that_use_Fahrenheit.svg
I live in Maine and it's going to be 60 deg F again today. It gets cool at night, 40's, then zooms back up to 60 during the day. It's not right. This isn't "Indian Summer" weather. It's supposed to be winter cold now. 
"winter"
These are only symptoms of the REAL problem which is OVERPOPULATION. Its a taboo to talk about it though.  
We're so fucked hah
Seems like everything is going quite well into our demise.
Uh oh...
Welp... we're boned!
We humans are nomadic in nature. We move to a new place every time resources are running out. When we started to settle we still used more and more space from outside to sustain the settlement. I think what iam trying to say is, yes we can live as sustainable as possible and balance nature out so that she works in our favour. But what we really need to start thinking about is to colonize other planets. It is the only way the human spices can survive as a whole. 
Earthquake denial is next even though scientific evidence will be shown. 
Good OP, relevant day old research that isn't locked behind a paywall?  Thanks for sharing.  That paper was really interesting to read.


SO STOP FUCKING FRACKING. Seems like an easy decision. 
Stop raping mother nature she shall stop acting out, wont somebody please think of the children..
Oklahoma is the induced Earthquake capital of the world now thanks to the fracking.  
WRONG!

e: /s 
This might be true in Canada, but it would never work in the US. Canadian geology is just so much more homogeneous than America's.
says the anti fracking scientist
[deleted]
When China is is explaining global warming to you, you have made some mistakes.
China doesn't realize they are talking to a man with a 5 year olds intelekt .... 
Trump is half charlatan, half solipsist, half senile and half anarchist.
I know I shouldn't have to react this way. But every time I see articles like this one, my heart breaks. I wish I had a fast solution. 
It's amazing to be witness to this type of global system shift.  I wonder what we'll see in the very short period of our life spans... 
I have a feeling that it's just a matter of time before we hit another ice age. 
This is kind of a dumb article.  I am totally on board with climate change, but this is just normal weather folks.  The pole is very warm right now because of a negative arctic oscillation.  While yes, it is warm, it is also record cold in Siberia, Northern Europe and and to a lesser extent, Canada.

When the AO flips positive all the cold air will stay trapped at the pole.
Green energy can revolutionize the world by creating jobs, power for everyone, wider Internet, better education ect. It has the potential to create a domino effect with great outcomes. 
For those not opening, the tax is about 40%, a level necessary to offset their footprint. Which is obviously not happening, but does demonstrate the scale.
So who is going to suffer the most from this tax on food?
Yeah more taxes!!!!
A baby tax would be much more effective.
Amid all the bad news of this last week, it's encouraging at least to see America can't bully the world out of environmentalism anymore.
I thought there was only 196 countries in the world, maybe I'm wrong 
This actually doesn't hurt the pipeline. They would just sell the loan to another finance entity or give their money away to the pipeline.

Edit: a word
Endelig!

Perhaps this will start a trend, keep the pressure on them!
A whopping $3 million dollar sale of stock.
Coal is shit.  No more coal plants - looking at you Trump and China.
For anyone who doesn't want to answer the survey:

>It may seem odd for scientists to be researching an atmospheric event from 64 years ago when there are plenty of modern issues to grapple with, but sometimes lessons from the past can assist with our current crop of problems. That’s the case with new research from Texas A&M University: not only have they gotten to the bottom of a decades-old historical problem, but the results could give valuable insights in tackling pollution in the world’s most heavily polluted towns and cities.

>The event in question is the “killer fog” that hit London for several days in 1952. First appearing on 5 December, it lifted four days later with an estimated death toll of at least 12,000 people, with around 150,000 hospitalisations and thousands of undocumented animal deaths. Although the Clean Air Act was passed partly in response four years later, the actual causes of the incident have gone unknown until now.

>Through atmospheric measurements of fog in China, and laboratory experiments, Texas A&M researcher Dr Renyi Zhang and his team came up with their answer: nitrogen dioxide converting comparatively benign sulfur dioxide into lethal sulfuric acid.

>“People have known that sulfate was a big contributor to the fog, and sulfuric acid particles were formed from sulfur dioxide released by coal burning for residential use and power plants, and other means,” explained Zhang. “But how sulfur dioxide was turned into sulfuric acid was unclear.”

>Air pollution will kill 6.6 million people per year by 2050 – this map shows why
Air pollution impacts footballers’ performance claims study
These pigeons are leading the fight against London’s air pollution
“Our results showed that this process was facilitated by nitrogen dioxide, another co-product of coal burning, and occurred initially on natural fog. Another key aspect in the conversion of sulfur dioxide to sulfate is that it produces acidic particles, which subsequently inhibits this process. Natural fog contained larger particles of several tens of micrometres in size, and the acid formed was sufficiently diluted. Evaporation of those fog particles then left smaller acidic haze particles that covered the city.”

>Similar things are happening in China’s most polluted cities right now. The reason there hasn’t been an incident like London’s “killer fog” is down to chemical happenstance: China uses a lot of fertiliser and that, combined with the heavy road traffic, results in high levels of ammonia, which neutralises the particles. “The right chemical processes have to interplay for the deadly haze to occur in China,” explained Zhang. “While the London fog was highly acidic, contemporary Chinese haze is basically neutral.”


>Which isn’t to say it’s exactly healthy, but compared to those four days in London in 1952, it’s certainly preferable.


>Zhang hopes that understanding what caused the killer fog in London can help other cities get to grips with their air-pollution problems in the long run. “The government has pledged to do all it can to reduce emissions going forward, but it will take time. We think we have helped solve the 1952 London fog mystery and also have given China some ideas of how to improve its air quality. Reduction in emissions of nitrogen oxide and ammonia is likely effective in disrupting this sulfate formation process.”
That was probably me.  Thanks!
Oh look survival crafting sim #131923819248
The Great Smog has always fascinated me, even as a child. How strange an occurrence it must have been to those experiencing the deaths of loved ones afterwards.
I believed the theory, as most did throughout the years, that it was caused by coal emissions & pollution in general in England.

Hope you find this read intriguing.
> Are there any scientifically viable solutions to combat the effect of climate change outside of controlling emissions?

I think it would be possible to answer both ways, depending on how you define the terms you've used. For instance, in your headline you asked about solutions others than "*reducing* greenhouse gas emissions". In your body text, you asked about solutions other than "*controlling* emissions".

Generally speaking, the effects of climate change depend on the concentration of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, as well as the amount of incoming heat from the sun. The higher the concentration, the stronger the effects. The stronger the incoming heat, the stronger the effects.

In principle, we could stop the effects from getting stronger in three ways:

1. Decreasing emissions.
2. [Increasing "negative emissions".](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carbon_dioxide_removal)
3. [Decreasing incoming heat.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solar_radiation_management)

And, of course, any combination of these three.

In practice, it depends on what you'd call "scientifically viable".

If you understand "viable" as demonstrated from a natural science point of view, solution number (1) is simply the best one, because the technological requirements for reducing emissions are well understood, and widely available. Think solar, wind and nuclear instead of coal and gas. Think electric cars instead of gasoline. Think heat exchanger and solar heating instead of central fossil fuel burning. Et cetera.

Number (2) is still understood very well, but it's not been tested on a large scale. Given the amount we emit, there's probably also a natural limit how many negative emissions are available. Number (3) is not well understood and not been tested. Some argue, we shouldn't even try to test it.

If you understand "viable" as demonstrated from a social science point of view, there's the economic and the psychological side. 

From an economic point of view, solution (1) is cheaper than (2) up to a certain point. The current costs of getting a tonne of CO2 out of the atmosphere is probably somewhere around US$ 200 per tonne (biochar). Decreasing emission using the aforementioned means is cheaper: With a carbon tax of less than US$ 100 per tonne, most technologies for reducing emission would be become competitive. However, the more emissions we'd like to reduce, the higher the marginal costs. At some point, negative emissions will become cheaper. However, that's far in the future.  So, number (1) still dominates.

Some argue that (3) would be less expensive than a combination of (1) and (2). However, opponents argue that you'd buy a lot of risks by trying to save money here. And without any sufficient combination of (1) and (2), we'd probably make ourselves dependent. One disturbance of managing incoming heat (think wars, recessions, etc.) would be sufficient, and we'll be toast if we don't manage greenhouse gas concentration. Additionally, (3) doesn't solve the negative effects of CO2 emissions for the oceans (and our dependency on having a living ecosystem there).

Psychologically (and therefore socially and politically), (3) is the most attractive, of course. Otherwise, we wouldn't be talking about it. And you wouldn't be motivated to ask if there are solutions other than (1) and (2).
Bill O Reilly isn't retarded. He knows what the facts are and it's all fun and games and ratings until the food stops arriving on your plate. 2016 shows the climate circling the drain already. It's do or die.
HAHAHA LIBERAL TEARS ARE DELICIOUS.
This article doesn't have anything of value.

>I don’t think we will survive another 1,000 years without escaping beyond our fragile planet.

This is incredibly vague. Will Earth no longer support human life in 1,000 years or will we have established a colony elsewhere before that time? If we don't establish a colony, why will humanity be doomed?

There aren't any other planets or moons that we know of that readily support human life. If we can survive elsewhere, we can survive here in a worse climate. Mars does not currently support human life naturally, so climate change or not, we still have to address the issue of our atmosphere here or on Mars.

>the potentially devastating effects of climate change, global pandemics brought on by antibiotic resistance, and nuclear capabilities of warring nations

Bacteria and viruses will accompany us to other places. Mars will be tainted as soon as we step foot there, if not already. Nuclear technology will follow us everywhere, as will AI and all other technologies we have.

>If the aliens are aggressive, they’ll see a weakened enemy with a habitable planet that’s ripe for the taking.

Our signals haven't traveled very far beyond 100 light years from us. If there were any aggressive aliens within that range that are capable of detecting us and coming here, they would already know we are here.
Or 4
Eh. 

Human technological civilisation has much less time than that. But Hawking is a mathematician, not a paleontologist. He's talking about a species that weathered ice ages, massive volcanoes, megafauna, sea level rises...

... humankind is a lot like rats and cockroaches. Very damned hard to kill. 
I would give us ten at the outside

If we create an AI as described which is super intelligent then it's far greater a threat to our survival than aliens. All depends on how closely aligned with our values we can create the AI.
It could be a hell of a lot less than 1,000 years if we don't get serious about stopping further climate damage, and the wars it will cause.
I'm all up for space exploration but I don't like the assumption that finding the next planet is our humanity's only solution from ourselves:"Remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet." Heck, if we ignore problems at our feet (greed, hate, inequality, etc) we will bring them to the next place (if we even find one hospitable to life), so it's not really a solution, other than maybe help increase NASA's funding, while giving justification to everyone to continue to fuck things up on Earth. 
I'm amazed he's given us so many. I wouldn't be surprised if 99% of humanity is dead within 100 years. 
Good riddance. 
Everything I've read elsewhere seems to indicate we're done for in a much shorter timespan, which I personally think is great. We are a plague on this planet, and it and all the rest of its species are better off without us. 
He is wildly optimistic.  100 to 150 years tops.
Well if the Hawk say it... must be true.
Article completely mistates what he said. Complete bs.
and I predict that in 1000 years humanity will still fall for this shit. See what I did there?!? I predicted something that we'll never see come to fruition. Does that make me a genius?!?! DOES IT?!?! You know for a man thats supposedly extremely smart he really seems so fucking dumb sometimes.
Yeah, I'm sure the planet will survive if we cut down on transportation emissions and still keep drinking beer.
What a horrible we site. 
That's a lot of abalone there on those rocks.
Wow a country that gets how serious climate change. USA take notice this is how a country should act. Not to say France is good all the time...
[deleted]
Not soon enough if you ask me. Still way ahead of US. RIP US.
[They're already beginning the powerdown](http://investmentwatchblog.com/france-has-temporarily-shut-down-20-of-its-58-nuclear-reactors-that-provide-three-quarters-of-the-countrys-electricity/)
Most of this is SOP for protesters. The police know the charges will probably be dropped, so they slow-walk the processing of the arrestees to ensure that they're held for 6-24 hours. They usually don't strip search, though. That's even more egregious than the normal treatment.
There  are supposed to be 23 comments, yet I see only one. Is Reddit censoring again? 
Strip away the hyperbole, and the story is: she was arrested for trespass, held in a temporary cell, and then transferred to jail and charged 6 hours later. Consistent with policies against contraband, she had to strip.
If you haven't joined Climate Hawks Vote yet, now's the time to do so. We endorse and elect climate hawks. We've got a lot of work to do in 2017.
http://facebook.com/ClimateHawksVote http://climatehawksvote.com/join
Cause we know how good the media has been at predicting anything as of late. Sensationalize your headlines some more. i'm not even reading the article cause that is not news when you report on assumptions instead of facts.
Like when Obama promised to close Gitmo? Remember not being forced to pay $1000 for a health plan with deductables you can't even afford
That's a horrible attitude. I'm going to approach this like Bernie Sanders has been the past few days. Take the good stuff, fight the bad stuff. If Trump tries to ignore this, he'll have to deal with some loud environmentalists. If he chooses to follow this, then he gets praise from us for this issue. Trump is not a nice fellow and he has many objectionable viewpoints, but we have to hope he will do the right thing - and fight him when he doesn't. You catch more flies with honey.
Despite the executive actions this subreddit loves, these presidential powers look different when a president this subreddit doesn't like gets elected.

Frankly, Obama went over the line of separation of powers with his executive actions bypassing Congress. After Trump revokes all the executive actions that Obama took, I hope he works with Congress to scale back the power of the president to bypass Congress without using the power himself.
Or how about letting g reverse osmosis plants be built in places like San Diego? There was one that was shut down near there recently. I know there are issues with them, but surely the benefits outweighs the costs. 

See Also: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3946254/The-incredible-moment-Amazon-tribe-untouched-civilization-stare-wonder-photographer-s-plane-flying-them.html

Wow, I hope Survival International is stopped from wiping them out.

^^Only ^^joking
They will probably give them away to those so-called militants. The Bundys who want free stuff from the government. 
Let's not forget the farmers. I watched a documentary about how companies like Tyson procure chickens. The contracts that farmers have to follow are crazy, and they end up making very little while being forced to raise animals in conditions they disagree with. Capitalism sure is amazing.
"major American companies like [...] Monsanto" 

It's weird to find myself on the same platform with them. 
I feel that the motivation of these companies are monetarily far more short term than they say. There is something about this deal that will make them money beyond climate concerns.
lol! Major US corps are the reason we are here in the first place. Rich.
I'm very interested to see what will happen with Donald Trump coming into office. If you look [here](https://static1.squarespace.com/static/571d109b04426270152febe0/t/57a35ac5ebbd1ac03847eece/1470323398409/YouthAmendedComplaintAgainstUS.pdf) at the official lawsuit it is against Barack Obama, Trump is mentioned nowhere. I'm wondering if Trump will be held accountable as well, as the President-elect
So now any time the climate doors what it's always done, crazies will come out of the woodwork and sue.

Since the alarmists changed the term from "global warming" to "climate change" this will include cooling.

Maybe it's a good thing. If there's money going out of coffers, the government might actually encourage real debate instead of lining up for a share of the tax on carbon. This will also go to court where scientists must swear to tell the truth or be charged with purgery. I doubt a court with accept all the fortune telling the media peddles as science.
Can I sue the government if it rains out my golf game?
Must make the shareholders happy.  Bullshit.
So now we can boycott coke as well as nestle
Just another reason I boycott Nestle and Coke.
And this is why we need to get money out of politics.
Nestle is just two-syllables yet that single word is the most powerful and compelling argument for bringing back the corporate death penalty.  
Are they also banning bottled soda? or just water? Soda bottles are more of a problem then water bottles in my opinion. 
Coke is owned by Warren Buffet
Cringe worthy.
Amazing how so little money invested in contributions can literally trash the environment.  


Hah fucking hypercapitalist pigs
It's about time that manufacturers  are held responsible for the disposal of their products.

In this case, if they produced 10 million bottles they would also have to demonstrate that 10 million bottles were recycled. Any discrepancies would have to be paid for, after all somebody else will have to clean up their mess.
So it's okay to make carbonated sugar water beverages but not water beverages? Pick your battles
So the Great Barrier Reef isn't totally f*cked?
Go Medina lab!
So they just have to wait until Trump takes office on January 20th?
Can we glue Obama to the white house, forcing him to be president for a third term? 
Good
And Trump will start it back up on January 20th. SHM. The era of Gentlemen Presidents is officially over.
[removed]
Because......? 

Such a shit clickbait article.
> Likewise, in her study climate change deniers tended to exhibit a low capacity for empathy, borne out by positive responses to questions such as, “Other people’s misfortunes do not usually disturb me.”

Or "The tortoise lays on its back, its belly baking in the hot sun, beating its legs trying to turn itself over, but it can't. Not without your help. But you're not helping. Why is that?"

edit: But seriously, here's the bottom line:

> In order to appeal to those who deny climate change, discussions should focus on convincing people to take on behaviors that would help protect the environment—without trying to convince them to become environmentalists. The renewable energy economy is a great example. Arguing that innovation in alternate energy sources would lead to the creation of jobs does not necessarily require convincing someone of the harmful impact of climate change.

Didn't we already know that though? 
Involves a two by four...
TIL: climate change deniers are, by nature, ignorant assholes. 
>In the US, environment is typically seen as a liberal concern, with climate change mitigation and green energy policy originating with the Democratic party and its voters. That leads members of the right to push back for political reasons, regardless of how they feel about the actual issues,

That's absolutely insane. If this is true, people are legitimately stupid in this country. We don't need a multi-party electoral system. We need to get rid of parties all together. 
Riane Eisler explains Partnership Culture, based on egalitarian cooperation, which sees power as creating and building . It's our alternative to the current Dominator Culture, which is hierarchical and coercive, which sees power as violence. In Dominator Culture, the environment is *just* for exploitation, especially for the benefit of the elites. Only Partnership will allow us to see ourselves as partners with nature, rather than rulers.


Who wants this shit anymore? 
China's like: "nah bro, that's you" 

Didn't read the article yet but can only assume that's how it goes in a nutshell
[there are much more direct conflicts of interest  =:-(](http://www.telesurtv.net/english/news/Trumps-Investments-Include-the-Dakota-Access-Pipeline-20161006-0013.html)

>Trump disclosed $US500 million to $US1 billion in investments going to Energy Transfer Partners, a Texas-based company that is the primary builder of the 1,168-mile pipeline which, when finished, would run from North Dakota to Illinois.

>Trump's financial disclosure form also reveals that he had between $US50,000 to $US100,000 in company Phillips 66, which has purchased an ownership stake in the pipeline that is equal to one-quarter of its value, once it is completed.


>Harold Hamm, Trump's energy advisor who made millions of dollars through Continental Resources, the biggest fracking company in the U.S., is also a stakeholder in the pipeline.
This is awesome.
That's putting it mildly. Lemme re-write this headline: "Trump is potentially disastrous for the environment and the planet, and we should be freaking out about it."

Please consider donations or volunteer work with [environmental organizations](http://learn.eartheasy.com/2014/12/where-to-donate-10-high-impact-environmental-charities-with-integrity/) to help fight the good fight, they need our help now more than ever. And let's not forget the individual measures we can take. Eliminating or simply reducing your consumption of animal products can have a considerable impact.
You don't say.
Some will fight, some will help, some will do nothing and some will sabotate. 
Some will die others will survive, some will die fighting and others will survive without effort.
God. Why are people who claim to love the planet so fucking morbid and pessimistic?

They also have zero faith in life and planetary systems to prevail.
People around the world should consider a bottom up tariff on the US under Trump. Don't buy American unless you know that the company you're patronizing cares about the climate. 
Interesting, that focus on the Mississippi. I was thinking more along the lines of the huge amount of dead water in SW Minnesota due to the same cause. 
This is a national problem
I wish every child could be screened. With all the old pipes in the world and the lack of government action the world should know what levels we are consuming. 
Well we have messed up the environment so long, that now it surely is a security threat! 

Most of the war conflict zones in the world, are the areas which are the most hard hit by drought.
It's a bad sign when the military is more ________(?) than the president.
Remember when Bernie said climate change was a factor in the forming of isis and said it's a security threat and everyone laughed and called him crazy?
Damn hippie miltary
I find it absolutely amazing how people continue to try to talk sense to a senseless man. You guys are amazing. You have way more patience and tolerance than I will ever have. I hope it works.
I dont understand. Trump believes global warming is a Chinese hoax?
>By reducing their carbon footprint, they become a combatant in the war on rising global temperatures, military leaders say.

*cringe*
> sent Donald Trump’s transition team a briefing book

well, that's a real life TL;DR if I've ever seen one...
If he doesn't see it as a military threat, then we need a military coupe because the 'commander in chief' is ignorant of the danger and puts the entire nation if not the world into mortal peril.
Well, whatever works.
I'm gonna guess Trump will do the same thing that Bush did when the chairman of the joint chiefs told him the Iraq war would cost billions of dollars and require over 300k troops to effectively execute. Say ur dum.
You can't convince this man of anything.  He is treating the country like a business.  Literally the worst decision we could have made in the situation we are in. 
but that kind of threat doesn't give his supporters anyone to hate!
Good thing he knows more than the generals
Yes! War on Global Warming!! 
The need to do more than send him a "briefing book".  The president (Obama that is ) and these guys need to sit Trump the hell down and make him read it.
In their defense, they probably also see his twitter feed, appointees, unpreparedness, and overall bull in a fucking china shop demeanor also high on the list of military threats. 
Why didn't they tell Obama this? Why don't they tell congress this?
I would really prefer the military find a solution to the killings in the Middle East.
old news
meanwhile, you lot are sitting on your hands, while Isis terrorizes europe and are making threats against the US, saying it will happen soon. all upset about what trump says he does want to do about protecting the US, but youre focused on something that 1. we cant really control because the atmosphere is every countries atmosphere and 2. is something that we may not see consequences of for decades, but Isis is attacking other countries now, and is threatening to attack the US soon. Even on a smaller scale, if we have another 9/11 of any type, our economy probably wont hold up (the economy took a HUGE hit because of 9/11, but was much stronger than it is now, so it would probably be catastrophic today), so there wont be much of a nation to keep secure. All this, while the Left is inciting riots across the country, seemingly pushing for another Civil war, which, no doubt will make Isis even more emboldened and eager to create chaos, destruction and an economic crisis. Let's focus on the far more immediate threat for a couple years, then maybe we can get back to Environmentalism.
Here's the [wiki link](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Green_Wall) for more info about the project. I believe it's a great step to help the environment. 
wat
dump's view on the environment is 'there might be a little left after business'. He doesn't give two shits about the environment. 
Maybe we could start thinking about reforms that take science and fact finding out of the hands of politicians? Is that too "out of the box"? because taking that step would open a huge amount of potential. 
Like not possessing any degree in any of the sciences.
Let him prove that pesticides are bad. Just feed him pesticides for a week. 
Can we impeach this new EPA guy if he gets elected. Pesticides ARE bad for you.
So if he poisons me with high levels of pesticides I can do the same to him?  
Is that guy really a climate change denier? or did he just continue to be a famous climate change denier because companies kept giving him money to continue to deny climate change loudly? What little I've read about him has been horrifying.

I've asked this question before, but never got an answer. This dipshit earned a living by belittling and accusing scientists of being crazy.
If it kills pests it will kill you...
what difference does it make, right? I mean, just about every news site is posting articles about how we've gone past the point of no return...
This should be on /r/nottheonion. 😣
So who's being held responsible for those wells?  Does anyone get fined or have to pay damages?  
Lets see the video.
hypocrisy 
I believe Trump will have a harder time eliminating legislation than he thinks. He could be fighting most of term just for a few bills to be reversed let alone all of them. 
This where bypassing congress will come home to roost. It sounds great until the shoe is on the other foot.
This petition has been removed.
Surprising... but definitely a good endorsement. Conservative guy, body builder, manly dude setting a good example.

Regardless of what you think of his other politics, this is a good move.
[deleted]
Me too Arnold, well and for the animals :)
he'll be back
thanks /u/GovSchwarzenegger
No he hasn't. He said he's slowly getting off meat. Have fun parsing that one. No wonder he feels fantastic!

> Schwarzenegger states : "The more I went to my physical (examinations) the more doctors started stressing: "Arnold you've got to get off meat", so I'm slowly getting off meat, and I can tell you, I feel fantastic!"
Are chickens as bad as cows for emissions? I don't eat much beef any more, but I do love me some chicken. And turkey. 
He feels guilty for the Hummer?
"I got my gainz, so now nobody else should have such sweet, sweet gainz."

If you really thought he gives a shit about the environment: https://www.thrillist.com/cars/the-beastly-car-collection-of-arnold-schwarzenegger
Oh I hadn't thought on him in a while. Can we get this guy a meeting with Trump ASAP?
A little bit too late and too little. Better thing to do is to not have children. To avoid them suffering from the consequences of the death of the biosphere as a result of our carnist culture.
Giving up this, that or the other is of little consequence if your environmental footprint is greater than what's sustainable.  His isn't, it's somewhere between self deluded bullshit and psychopathy, I'll give him and others like him eg diCaprio, Klein etal the benefit of the doubt and assume it's the latter.

Look to your total emissions output (it's nearly guarenteed to be well correlated to your enviormental impact) and figure out what you need to do to get it under 3-4t CO2e per annum.  Any more than that and you're the problem.

Yes, mine is at about 2.5t CO2, had a vasectomy and I only vote Green (no, the Greens are not the answer but they are a small step in moving the right way, everything else is just more of the same bullshit)
..he must eat a SHITLOAD of meat then!
I imagine he must have been eating a lot of meat if his personal sacrifice is going to be significant enough to benefit humanity.
I just saw The Ivory Game on Netflix. I was so filled with rage! Wild Conservation Society and others like it really deserve all the support and help they can get!!

Seriously people, watch it! Outstanding documentary.

EDIT: Seems people hate elephants since I'm getting downvoted. yeah, fuck them and let them die out. In less than 5 years the population has gone from over 100k to less than 50k. Who cares right??
I feel like he would considerably eat more meat than the average human per sitting, which is why too much meat can be damaging to your health.

Otherwise, I would ASSUME that portion control for your meat intake would be normal and healthy?

I am just not there yet in my life to give up meat. Even broccoli screams when you rip it from the ground!
Guy has no clue about US politics. Republicans are the party of climate change denial. Period.
Quick survey to help a design project
I think Trump's plain denial of climate change and ludicrous policies will wake up the environmental movement. What he's planning on doing will nullify the progress the entire world has made. Already I believe China has vowed to invest double the money into renewables just in spite of Trump. Hopefully Trump's stupidity and the stupidity of his EPA transition position will wake up the sleeping giant of the environmental movement
"The media"? Whose media? We definitely aren't talking about my Trumpkin uncle's media, which range all the way from Fox news to Limbaugh to Breitbart, along with whatever he gets on his Facebook feed from his alt-right friends. 

The media are the central problem we face, because everyone now has their own little media envelope to snuggle up in, safe from disagreeable facts.
The failure of the media was to not only to proclaim Clinton would win in a landslide but to cry when Trump won. Not only has it been made blatantly clear that there is no significant independent journalism, but they continue to feed the divide instead of bridging it. To be a change agent, you have to listen to the real reasons why 60 million people voted for Trump instead of denigrating them.
Why would the MEDIA be setting an agenda? Isn't that the job of the people and the media should just report on it, if it happens?
I think climate deniers will soon be a small minority. Yes the group seems loud now but remember there is still a probation party and it used to be loud enough to get amendments passed. Deniers will be in the same boat in a couple of years with no one listening. 
X-Post referenced from [/r/news_etc](http://np.reddit.com/r/news_etc) by /u/ell_computer  
[Rise in Global Carbon Emissions Slows](http://np.reddit.com/r/news_etc/comments/5cxa6a/rise_in_global_carbon_emissions_slows/)
*****  
  
^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot. ^^I ^^delete ^^my ^^negative ^^comments. ^^[Contact](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=OriginalPostSearcher) ^^| ^^[Code](https://github.com/papernotes/Reddit-OriginalPostSearcher) ^^| ^^[FAQ](https://github.com/papernotes/Reddit-OriginalPostSearcher#faq)
The trouble is, the carbon pollution issue revolves around people who do not want to live in cities. 
They've got two months before Trump approves it, so they can't wait 2 years like they did when the project started.
Sad truth is that this pipeline will be finished at some point, especially with Trump as president. But this statement leads me to believe that they could find an alternate route that doesn't endanger the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe.
Call me skeptical, but I foresee under a Trump administration massive layoffs and/or redeployment of corps of engineer workers until they find someone to move it forward. Just like Cheney had to keep looking through DoJ lawyers until they finally found an unethical lawyer to approve water boarding.
If they know they don't want it there, what's there to consult about?
Really really? They said that once already and only psyched us out.
Does anyone have a reliable source for this? 
Works for the president elect does it not? 
I don't get it. Isn't there already a pipeline there? 
This will not stop the construction of the pipeline. Best case scenario, the river crossing location changes. Might save Standing Rock's water but there's 12 million other people downstream who rely on this water. I wouldn't be surprised if they just moved the protest camp to the next crossing site in that scenario, this movement is already much larger than DAPL. 

Make no mistake - this delay is not a meaningful victory. In fact, it plays right into DAPL's strategy. They are attempting to bulldoze and build the pipeline regardless of the status of the easement, destroying sacred land and burial sites in the process. Keep in mind that this is un-ceded land designated to the tribe in the 1868 Treaty of Laramie. Every day they bulldoze destroys cultural evidence, i.e artifacts, and makes it less likely that the Army Corps will find reason to stop construction. 

Today was a huge effort but we must continue to be active to resist DAPL and other oil pipelines. Its economically asinine and morally reprehensible that we are investing so heavily in new fossil fuel infrastructure. Yes, there must be a transition period because we can't go renewable overnight, but we'll never transition if we continue to invest heavily in fossil fuels. We know that we have the capability to power the U.S. renewably, which would be better for everyone. More jobs, better health, more efficiency. 
Didn't they try and consult them originally but they never went to any of the meetings?
[deleted]
boooooo
I disagree. Are we done now?
Great job. they stopped us from getting cheaper oil.
China is quickly becoming the world leader in the climate change fight, they still have a long way to to go but the effort is outstanding. 
These folks haven't got a clue.  I personally know two people that worked in the oil and gas industry over the last decade and they lost their jobs because they drilled so much they drove the cost of gas down so low that it was no longer economically viable to pursue it.  They lost their jobs.  Another oil and gas boom and bust.  
It would be win-win if trump offered Must a science-advisor type position. Both want to reduce reliance on imported energy. Both want to increase domestic jobs. Both are not afraid to shake things up. Both have expressed interest in space exploration.
While I'm not sure what the petition will do, as neither parties really need to do anything. I think if enough momentum is gained on this movement, though, some change can be made.

If Trump is to look at it from a business side it's definitely a great deal for him, as Tesla could create hundreds of thousands of jobs with the right resources, while maintaining a greener standard.
Fighting cult of personality with cult of personality is never the answer , grassroots change is the only way
More than 7500 people are idiot fanboys.
They're looking into  it...
Why not just link directly to the articles this one is based on? This is old news, and he never actually used the word socialism. I do believe we need socialism to save the planet, but what Gates is suggesting is only socialism in the sense that it requires government investment and intervention rather than relying on the free market to fix everything, he's not suggesting ending private ownership of the means of production or anything like that.
I didn't see any socialism mentioned in neither the quotes used in the linked article nor the article from The Atlantic, so I don't see why they went with that particular title.
Just PR , [Here's Bill enjoying socialism in Cannes](http://static.dagospia.com/img/patch/08-2014/bill-gates-in-vacanza-577781.jpg)
says the richest man on the planet
Bill was ruthless in gaining his riches burying both rich and poor alike. If he is really serious about socialism, he should give all his money away now. Forget about waiting until later. He could just give it away to the rainforest countries so they don't have to send their poor to settle in the rainforest and chop down trees.
After sending tons of e-waste to Africa.
Says Mr. Corporate monopoly 
BERNIE WYA
OK Billy, you first.
Says the richest man in the world whos gonna give his money away "someday". 
That's like having Hitler calling for peace love and understanding. wtf
Meet the Decline.
Duh..
Obama in his campaigning offered a message that we should embrace change, and this plan is certainly an example of that sort of progressive change that brings about new jobs. 

Trump's campaign message to "Make America Great Again" makes very clear that he wants to take the United States back to how it was in the past. His suggestions of repealing trade agreements will serve the purpose of bringing back manufacturing jobs that existed here in the past but could be more efficiently done elsewhere, and eliminating many of the new jobs that will suffer as a result of the barriers to trade. 

We should be embracing this sort of progress instead of trying to pull back decades of advancement.
[deleted]
An idiot like this in power may actually spur some drastic changes. 
And neither is nuclear, hopefully.
If you think that'll matter to the rightwing elite you were definitely born yesterday. All three branches with some of the most unfettered representatives ever. Game over.  
Plan B?
We aren't even "funding" making Mars anything. A few private enterprises may be, but *we* aren't. 

Anyway, here's the case for actually funding making Mars habitable on public funding:

 - Due to the limited resources that you can take with you on Mars, it would only make sense to develop really efficient food production methods. 

 - Methods such as aquaponic vertical farming and cultured tissue meat can be powered by renewables and use electricity as their main input.

 - These processes can be fully decentralized and reduce the need for transportation of goods, making our food infrastructure more streamlined and less dependant on fossil fuels, fertilizers and space (grasslands for grazing etc).

I've been saying for a while now that inefficiency and bad logistics coupled with a ridiculous global economic system that allows for food to go to [waste](https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2016/jul/13/us-food-waste-ugly-fruit-vegetables-perfect) to increase market value, are the main drivers for climate change. 

What I'm getting at is that the means to survive on Mars -which are based on efficiency and sustainability- are also the means to survive on Earth. 

That said, "Plan B" is enough of a reason for me.
Dudes got 2 months left to make stuff the GOP can't immediately destroy, good for him for trying.
whew. keep going!
NO2 is nitrogen dioxide, and NOx is both NO2 *and* NO (nitric acid)

Those nubers are probably not milligram, but microgram, and still "through the roof" for a residential street. If this were in the EU you could sue the city, demanding measures to reduce the pollution to an average von 40 microgram/m3 NOx - by whatever means necessary.

Nitrogen oxides can cause or worsen respiratory and heart problems.
The appropriate response to Trump is planning ahead.  What would a sane society invest in for its survival and general well-being?  Everyone agrees we need to modernize and upgrade our infrastructure.  But, if don't recognize that climate change matters  (both to forestall the most severe impacts, and to adapt to the climate change we cannot stop) our investments will be wasted and our needs unmet.  Heed the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers: [The entire portfolio of USACE Civil Works water resources infrastructure and programs, existing and proposed, could be affected by climate change and adaptation to climate change. This affects design and operational assumptions about resource supplies, system demands or performance requirements, and operational constraints. Both droughts and floods can affect the operations of these projects. Numerous regulatory decisions made by USACE will need to be informed by climate change impacts and adaptation considerations throughout the U.S., especially in western states.](http://www.corpsclimate.us/index.cfm) 
Omg, this woman shouldn't be entrusted with a plastic bag, let alone any part of this country.  

Like, why/how is she even still in politics?  Isn't she like mentally incapable of handling the "thinking" part of the job?  Seriously, I wanna know how she does this and still has the brain capacity to remember to breathe on top of it...

TL;Dr: I do not like Palin.
Strong science based education going?????  This possible choice is the most baffling for me.
Right now would be a really good time for Obama to use his power under the Antiquities Act and declare large swaths of the US as protected national monuments.
Bat-shit half-wit that spews word salad. This is not good.
Those comments are cancer.
She likes to shoot wolves from a helicopter doesn't she?
this is awesome!! 

not joking
News outlets are reporting that we are on track to meet the demands of our Paris climate change agreement.  Except for one sector methane.  Recently it was discovered that if we feed seaweed to cows we can reduce the methane they produce from 70-99%.  

We can have this knowledge, but it doesn't mean anything if we do not use it.  Please, we have to act fast to pursue any edge we can on climate change.  Especially before the EPA is headed by someone who doesn't believe in climate change as well as the President of the United States.

If everyone on this sub-Reddit signed this petition we would pass the goal required for the White House to review this petition!
Nice idea (if it would work), but where's the profit in that?

We all know that we'd be better off if we stopped using anti-biotics for farm animals too. But under the greed-based logic of our capitalist economic system, that does not happen.

Thus, the odds of this actually occurring is nil or next to nothing. As Naomi Klein has repeatedly stressed -- even [writing a book on it](https://www.amazon.com/This-Changes-Everything-Capitalism-Climate/dp/1451697392/) -- the choice is capitalism versus the climate.

We're going to have to change a lot of minds to choose the climate and to abandon capitalism for proposals like this to work -- or to even have a chance of passing in our warped political system.
A few years ago I bought a quarter cow from a local farmer who added seaweed to her cows feed. I swear, this meat was like magic it had some super nutrient profile that gave me energy like no other meat I've ever had. It may be something in the seaweed not sure but the meat was nutrient dense.
I'm all for this, though I think it's too early to petition the White House for it because the research is still ongoing. In this [news article](http://news.nationalpost.com/news/world/how-one-researcher-is-fighting-cow-farts-and-climate-change-by-feeding-the-gassy-beasts-seaweed), it mentions that they still have to do tests on living cows and develop a way to cultivate this seaweed for easy harvest. There are probably a lot of other regulations they will need to comply with as well.
>I firmly believe science to be of the utmost importance to the world that I want my children and grandchildren to inherit. I believe it is a way to connect different groups, nations, and generations.

Throughout the last few months, I have been incredibly proud of Dan Rather, a voice of reason amongst the din of noise. Super happy to see him continuing to fight!
You gotta play the GOP game: business. Buy a Prius, LEAF, or a Tesla. Get solar. Get LEDs. Reduce demand for fossil fuels and work to make sustainable energy market competitive.
Out of every terrible thing Trump has said, it's the climate change denial that impacts everyone. Not just working class families who will be screwed because he couldn't bring their jobs back as promised, or someone else's healthcare premium becomes unaffordable because Medicaid has been destroyed, but everyone in the world and future generations could be affected by his measures. Someone needs to keep him in check.
Too many people [Trump included] suffer from the false belief that we have to choose between a healthy economy and a health environment. In fact, **economists** overwhelmingly agree that taxing carbon pollution pays off. 

* [Climate economists agree](http://policyintegrity.org/files/publications/ExpertConsensusReport.pdf)
* [Resource economists agree](http://econ.appstate.edu/RePEc/pdf/wp1319.pdf)
* [Economists from all sectors agree](http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/00220485.2014.889963)
* [Greg Mankiw agrees there's an economic consensus](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/09/01/business/a-carbon-tax-that-america-could-live-with.html?_r=0)
* [Paul Krugman agrees there's an economic consensus](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/06/23/opinion/paul-krugman-conservatives-and-climate-change.html)
* [Laura D'Andrea Tyson agrees there's an economic consensus](http://economix.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/06/28/the-myriad-benefits-of-a-carbon-tax/)
* [John Cochrane agrees there's an economic consensus](http://johnhcochrane.blogspot.com/2013/08/litterman-on-carbon-finance.html)
* [*The Economist* agrees there's an economic consensus](http://www.economist.com/blogs/freeexchange/2011/09/climate-policy)
* [The American Enterprise Institute agrees there's an economic consensus](http://www.aei.org/article/energy-and-the-environment/climate-change-caps-vs-taxes/) 
* [The Brookings Institute agrees there's an economic consensus](http://www.brookings.edu/blogs/up-front/posts/2013/02/07-carbon-tax-morris)


And, the big kicker for U.S. politicians, [most Americans support government action on climate change regardless of what other countries do](http://climatecommunication.yale.edu/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/2016_3_CCAM_Global-Warming-U.S.-Presidential-Election.pdf). 

Please help spread the word and correct this damaging and dangerous misconception. 


It is do or die with climate change right now. The Obama administration had us going down the right path, but still not far enough. The Trump administration will be pushing us in reverse and in the wrong direction. If that happens, the Earth is pretty much fucked. The US is the #2 emitter in greenhouse gases in the world. We have an obligation to lower that, and now we'll probably increase our emissions. People need to start talking to their neighbors and convincing them this a real threat and don't just save it for the Thanksgiving dinner table. We should be talking about this everyday.
Don't talk about climate change.

Talk about how solar and wind are booming industries. Talk about how solar, wind and battery technologies can make people gobs of money. Talk about how much of a demand there is for solar, wind, and batteries abroad. Talk about how there's a need for US-based solar, wind, and battery technology manufacturing.Talk about how it can create real, lasting jobs in depressed areas. Talk about how places like Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Michigan, and Wisconsin--places with deep industrial roots--are PERFECT for new factories. Talk about how it can make us energy independent. Talk about how buying solar doesn't contribute to money that goes in the hands of terrorists. Talk about how China is beating us in the race to produce more solar and wind tech, and they're primed to kick our ass on the global market.

This is an economic fight that the US can win and people can profit massively off of...the middle class, the upper class, the small business owners, and the large business owners. Want to become filthy rich? Solar, wind, and batteries are the future emerging markets, and those who get in on it early will get so damn rich. This can put Americans back to work in a BIG way, and put A LOT of money in their pockets.

Let's not only make America great--more importantly--lets make Americans rich.
It's kind of astonishing since some of the GOP base lives in places where climate change will do the most harm. I mean, look at Florida. Half of it will be underwater at some point. Look at the current drought and wildfires (IN NOVEMBER!) in Alabama.

Yes.  Count me in. But, like many, I have no idea what to do other than repost this to Facebook.

What are some concrete steps someone could do to take real action on these issues? 
I've seen this before in other countries.
Trump may actually believe in climate change, but he believes in money more.

The reason they're embracing climate denial is because it helps oil/gas/coal profits to do so.

His supporters will blindly listen to the "official" stance on climate, which is why they put a denier in the role.
Trump set up a website where you can email them and let them know what changes you would like to see take place. I encourage anyone who has an idea to write. That's how change is made. Make your voice heard. 

[https://apply.ptt.gov/yourstory/](https://apply.ptt.gov/yourstory/)
Serious question, is population growth a contributing factor for climate change?

Follow up question, if humans stopped procreating, would that stop us from this do or die situation?
I'm so frustrated. So many people I know who are extremely upset about what trump is outlining were the same people saying the canidates were equal. I didn't love Clinton but this South Park mentally of turd Vs douche sandwich was quoted so often by young adults I know. Their children will be most affected by this. Now so many I know who didn't vote are complaining. Just get out to vote goddammit. Now we have a government who is actively discussing dismantling the epa. I can't believe I just typed that. I have worked so hard to convince many people that climate change is real and a huge issue. I feel like I am going out of my mind worrying about this and it's so frustrating to talk to people who talk about they can't believe what trump is going to do. He has been saying it the whole time, it's no surprise. It is honestly depressing me. If Democrats turn out strong in 2018 we can hopefully stop the regression that will damage our environment but if we couldn't get turn out in an election year 2018 isn't looking great. 

I will try to work on a community and personal level but that only does so much. I am sorry for venting here but my peers are driving me crazy with how many didn't vote, and are now telling me how bad this all is. These people were in a significant state this election. I can't fucking believe this. Fuck this, fuck this shit, one of the most important issues with no questions in the debates. It's so fucking bizarre. I want to wake up and it all be a dream but it won't. I'm so depressed about it I try to avoid any political news. Goddammit America, I love it here. I could move back to my home country, but I believed in the people to make the right choice. Feel like I know nothing about this nation, climate change, the environment means nothing. These issues will be fucking my kids and my grandkids over. It will be fucking people all over the world. We should be planting trees even if we will never be able to sit in their shade, but instead we are depriving them of even having trees. 

Again I am sorry for venting but it is so depressing and frustrating the more I hear. If anyone has any further ideas for how I can personally help fight for this important issue other than raising awareness and encouraging action with people around me please let me know. At least I will feel a little less helpless and like I am contributing somehow to help. :(
I'll just leave this here.

Killian documents controversy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Killian_documents_controversy

He should not talk science when he couldn't figurer out the mystery of the type set.
Trump being president is working out GREAT for the environment so far! I've never seen so many democrats so concerned about climate change. 

Although you know what would've been great for the environment as well? Bernie being the president.
Pretty sure we can just hook up a dynamo to Edward R. Murrow's corpse.
One thing you have to understand about Trump and why he won over traditionally blue states is that he appealed to people who lost their middle class status. These are people who are hurting economically at a personal level. To appeal to Trump, you have to appeal to those people. To appeal to those people, you have to help them economically at the personal level.


The trouble with trying to appeal to these people on environment issues is that they have higher priorities that currently eclipse environmental concerns, and so many environmental efforts have the side effect of hurting these people economically.


To build a bridge, environmental concerns have to have real impact to these people with their jobs and how much money they have. If those concerned with the environment continue to have an elitist mentality that they should be dictating to these people, there will be no way to convince Trump.


I've been wondering, since younger people seem to be much more worried and knowledgeable about climate change, if there is more we can do to send a message besides just voting or activism. At a fundamental level climate change is a threat to us and, especially, our children; most older individuals denying its existence won't live to see the consequences. Would it be effective to start a movement to say, if the federal government continues to respond ineffectively or not at all to the threat of climate change, then we won't have children? I feel like even if only a small proportion of young people threatened to do this, it could get a lot of attention. Even conservatives typically understand the importance of successive generations having enough children to replace them. 
How is he changing the direction of science?
What we *don't* need is to pass harsh environmental regulations that strangle our energy industry, while China and India sign onto the treaties and then basically do zero enforcement, while selling us solar panels made with rare earth metals, and produced by slave-labor. What we *do* need is more support for molten salt reactor technology from those who claim to be "green".
*"...when the greatest country on the planet..."* 

That's....Deep....Man.
It's clear that most of you have no faith in the Earth itself. Mankind can do it's best, but the Earthmother will prevail.
Top 6 Climate Change Problems 


https://youtu.be/4Ew05sRDAcU

Ben Davidson works with NASA, NOAA and universities. He isn't right wing or a crazy conspiracy nut. 

"Science:
systematized knowledge derived from observation, study, and experimentation carried on in order to determine the nature or principles of what is being studied."






-- 
A disgraced journalist tossed out of the profession for fabricating evidence for one of his stories is the perfect spokesman for climate science.
A global revolution is the only way forward. Spread the word, protest, take the fight against climate change to the streets. We are this planets last hope, the fate of the planet is in our hands we cannot fail. There is no second chance.
We as a nation are at a critical point. Under Tump we may be left in the dust of rapidly technologically industrializing nations. He refutes basic scientific principles and has many members of congress with the same antiquated archaic thought processes. In today's world you keep up or are left behind. Now is not the time for old-school nostalgia and and naïveté.
[deleted]
Just more fear mongering to push investments. Rockefeller fund is moving investments into green tech as scheduled. I am all for the environment, but I hate bad reporting and lies. 
Including journalism
Stand up.  March.  Shout it from the rooftops.  Nobody cares and it's not going to make a lick of difference to President Trump.  We finally have a man in the White House that does not buy into global warming bullshit.  This is a great time for America.
http://hastrumpmadeamericagreatagainyet.com/
The Fundamental direction of science is being changed back to a point where if you said a certain race has a problem in its community you wouldn't be labeled as a racist for saying so. Now we will be able to find a solution for that race and every other race without having a label attached to you for calling an intervention. The change to Global warming is not what is changing science.
Ohh Dan Rather lick my chode.

We have more important shit to worry about.

Go give a lecture to China you geriatric fuck
The discussion is flawed and dishonest to begin with when you address the issue in terms of "Climate Change - Accept or Deny".

Noone that has lived longer than a year and has seen the difference between summer and winter is denying climate change.

- And yes, you can care for the environment (anti polution, waste dumping, etc.) even if you doubt claims that the climate change we see today is man made.

Be honest with the labeling of the discussion, which is; if climate change is man made or if there is more to it.
Or stop being so one sided that you'd sacrifice hundreds of jobs to save an insect. The right cares about climate change just as much, we just aren't stuck up assholes about it. 
Amazing article. 
If politics could be any help at all in the "fight for the climate" we'd have already solved the issue. Obama had 8 years to do it but he was too busy being "gridlocked".

Increasing public awareness on actual solutions is the **only** real way in which you can have an impact on climate change. If there was ever a time and a place for a gigantic grassroots movement in our century, this is it.
Didn't the see the "tropical" qualifier at first and was like, "there are taller trees than that in Northern California!"  From google:

>The tallest trees in the world are redwoods (Sequoia sempervirens), which tower above the ground in California. These trees can easily reach heights of 300 feet (91 meters). Among the redwoods, a tree named Hyperion dwarfs them all. The tree was discovered in 2006, and is 379.7 feet (115.7 m) tall.
1. Coal is already being phased out in favor of natural gas. A 50 y/o miner might not want to learn a new job, but new industry needs to be brought to coal country anyway. Government could be used to help that transition, by declaring a special development zone, subsidizing job training, etc.
2. [China's Carbon Markets: How Beijing Is Leading With Cap-and-Trade](https://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/china/2016-08-18/chinas-carbon-markets)
3. I like this idea!
4. That all depends. I know down in the Eagle Ford area of Texas people desperately need regulations to save them from the enormous pollution put out by drilling operations. Sometimes regulations are for making a level playing field, so producers aren't tempted to cut corners in favor of competitive edge.
National defense is another angle. The US military recognizes global warming and climate change as a threat to national security
Thanks! Even though I am leftist Dutch (we would call the dems centre-right) and some considerations seem alien to me and make me want to argue instead, I have come to the realisation that in order for us to be able to have any meaningful conversation, we need to take eachother's opinions and motivations at face value instead of immediately try to argue over why the other guy is wrong. Your text helps a lot!
Here's a simple short answer:don't, you talk to them about economic interest of renewables or things that pollute less than others and convince them that's what they want and that they don't want it because of the environment and by the time they are already used to renewables they won't need to be persuaded at all
Washington State's recent failure to pass exactly the sort of revenue-neutral carbon tax you advocate is instructive. 

Given the choice, conservatives have simply shown time and again that they'll draw in environmentalists and then bite off the hand extended to them. Worse, the mere effort to compromise splits the left, guaranteeing failure. Very difficult.
>Jobs

The coal-miner won't be angry if the federal government gives them a stable job with benefits. Call it the Green Corps and make it part of the military and give them jobs cleaning up this country and building infrastructure. The government can and should be the employer of last resort and because it specifically is trying to save us from climate change should send checks or give a job.

>Unilateral action. Like it or not, a carbon tax puts the US at an economic disadvantage. Jobs moving to China is the reason Trump won. It would be more palatable if China and other countries were also required to tax carbon.  It needs to be credible binding agreement, not abstract promises to address the issue. "Keep jobs in America. Make China pay!"

The carbon tax does not necessarily put us in a disadvantage. It requires companies to be more efficient and if you went the conservative route and made it revenue-neutral it would be good for the economy. See British Colombia. Now if you took the carbon tax proceeds and plowed it into rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure then you would create a booming economy. Now why would China pollute its own country and exploit its own citizens just so it can also pay for the environmental destruction? The consumer has to pay the carbon tax- that means us.

The Republican Party is a threat to this country and democracy in this country. We shouldn't negotiate with terrorists.
2 - 4 are, basically, more taxes. #1 sounds like more taxes, too (or subsidization, the revenue for which has to come from somewhere).

So.....a plan of "tax, tax, tax, and tax" isn't going to win over many republicans.
While I don't agree with their business practices from a software level. It is always good to see another company make the move to clean energy.
They're falling for their own hoax
China is going to kick our ass in clean energy technology. They'll be selling solutions to the whole world and we'll be left holding lumps of worthless coal.
The only response possible are private funds. All these Hollywood stars with their millions and other billionaires should just start buying lands and fund private eco run companies.  
Here's the video. No shots fired.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_CkIM0XSIE&feature=youtu.be

>Several kneel and pray. "We love you! We care for you!" someone shouts at the man.

Which they were shouting as they were pushing his truck back, and right before they tried to break into the cab to stop him.
Let me guess? dude was late to work 
If the other nations stick with the Paris agreement (I don't see why they shouldn't), the American economy will be hurt badly (Sarkozy already called for a carbon tax for US imports, others will follow). And a major recession is always good for the environment.

Trump will not destroy the world. Maybe the contrary. But he will probably destory his own nation, at least for some years, or decades.
 Let's put it this way: do United States played a larger role in climate change and environmental destruction than any country on earth. An insane autocratic climate change denier just got elected president of the United States with  a Republican Congress Republican Congress and the ability to change the Supreme Court for a generation.

Yes it's possible. 
Yes, but not by pulling out of the Paris agreement. He can destroy the world because there are essentially no checks and balances on his use of nuclear weapons.
A lot of climate action still occurs at the city and state level, and the federal government can't affect the regulations of state governments like California's. The Republican Party controls so many state governments, and they rarely face serious opposition since the DNC abandoned state parties a while ago. If the DNC adopts a 50-state strategy again under Ellison, a lot of change could occur in state governments. 
People have been underestimating Trump for a very long time, even before he ran for President. He always surprises. It's still happening, whistling past the graveyard, things we tell ourselves so we can sleep without terror. It's worse than you think.
No. Even if climate change were not real, the world has acknowledged the fact that fossil fuels are not the way forward.  
They cant predict how you will die. You need to tale action yourself and live a low carbon lifestyle: no meat, driving, flying, clean electricity, only buy used products, try to eat local
I worked 2 seasons of trail maintenance in the last decade, both of which involved some work on separate sections of the PCT north & south of Yosemite.

I don't think I ever noticed any trash or litter on the PCT itself. Campgrounds that were 2 - 4 miles out from the front country / trailheads were sometimes bad. There's also a lot of random party balloons (the big helium filled foil ones) that float up to the mountains to die, but I only ever found them far off-trail.

Kudos to this group, hopefully they will inspire people to be more mindful, but IMHO PCT trash in wilderness areas is not a major issue. If you're looking for ways to volunteer or donate, find a local non-profit trails or conservation group and ask what their priorities are for your area.
Possibly because they want to be ahead of the curve as fossil fuels get taxed more or become more expensive?  
Just because something is only 1% of the market doesn't mean that its not the future. Automakers pushing electric cars is an overall good thing for the environment. It shows that they believe in renewable energy being the future, and hopefully push other corporations in the same direction.
Self driving cars are only 0.00000001% of the market, why do car makers keep doing research and development on this failed idea?
They'll be lucky to survive the next 200-300, and that's after billions die of war and starvation.  If we make it to 1,000 years it will be at stone-age level of tech.
To be honest... I'm not really sad about human extinction lol. We've abused this planet for so long and devised ways to bomb each other and the surrounding environment. We deserve it.
This is a real shame. 

We lost out on a chance to enact a policy that would actually reduce carbon emissions without harming the economy. 
So Nature has embraced the click-bait meme, eh?

I don't think "changing the way we talk about carbon" is going to have any impact outside of the bubble of supporters of climate change action.
Am I on r/Nottheonion again? 

Doesn't matter what they say, it is what they do.
Uh? maybe just on the surface?
Good. This shows they aren't *completely* evil, and are probably willing to start reducing production as long as everyone else does the same. Also now they're on record against a 2°C rise at all costs, so when that line is crossed in ~10 years, they should understand why their business must immediately be shut down, cold turkey.
This is sensationalist... Environmentalists need to be welcoming of the other size, we should not ostracize them.  Telling 50% of the US they are a part of the "Most Dangerous Organization in World History" is going to make them think we are extremists and idiots when they belong to that group. Let's keep the message productive and welcoming!  
Alright everybody calm.down. 

He won't do it. 

It's an electoral Bullshit. He is not even nominated candidate by his parry yet. And not even 6 months ago he was borderline climate denier.  Everybody chill out. 
France's actual sitting president is pro-Trump.

I guess having a former head of state propose solutions will gain more visibility than average citizens. Just don't get your hopes up too quickly.
The original post had 10-11k upvotes when I posted this. The next day when I looked it was down to 6.5k, wtf!
I always feel
I should get a tax break for being vegan 
Wait until the Department of Defense briefs Trump on climate change.
This is a quick 10 minute podcast I did this morning. Hope everyone is having a nice day!
INDUSTRIAL carbon emissions.

Everything else continued to rise.

This is not good news, it's not even news at all.
Wait until they ramp up with Trump
This is mostly due to fracking making natural gas cheaper than coal. Natural gas emits 1/2 the CO2 of coal (and less other pollutants). So, while it may be somewhat good news, it is not any indication that we are moving towards zero emissions.

One positive that people don't discuss much is that natural gas plants can be ramped up and down faster than coal, which makes them more suitable to be mixed with intermittent renewable energy like wind and solar.
Some small positive results but a long way to go.
REALLY? ONLY NOW they figured this out? lol 
Why did this get removed? 
signed and shared with friends 
This should be nearer to the top of /r/environment Even though it is just a petition, any form of participation is better than none
>The United States will lose all of its so-called “soft power” as the world’s “indispensable nation” goes rogue.

Oh no! What will we do the next time we need to invade a country that poses no threat to us? 

>That means any effort Trump makes to keep his commitment to be tough on other countries on trade will find zero support around the world.

Trumps point is that we *don't* need international commitment - we need to *back out* of our commitments. 

The person that wrote that is as dumb as a fucking post.
Having actually read this study, the headline is *awful*. It's mostly non-hydroelectric dam emissions that were 25% higher than thought. Irrigation, flood control, etc., are where the bulk of previously unmeasured emissions are present.

This is also mostly mitigated when constructing hydro dams in rich countries - biomass is removed before an area is flooded. This isn't typically done with irrigation/flood systems.
This is crazy I didn't know that!
If it creates carbon the it must be eliminated at all cost.

We cannot gamble with the future of our planet we must petition our government to stop hydroelectricity.

The rotting vegetation is a harder problem to solve I think our best bet is to eliminate industrial farms. This will take time but it can be done once the population is reduced to a sustainable level.

We must not give hope.
It's hard to tell whether trump supports anything tbh
The video at 1:44 or so hit me straight in the feels.
"He was 6 years old crying about what was going on."

Thanks, thanks GOP for making kids cry because you want to deny them a future and make toddler's anxious crying in their beds.
Go vegan so we can eat veggies forever 
You mean more damage than the  [ EPA has caused](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2015_Gold_King_Mine_waste_water_spill)?
I'm confused, who corralled the buffalos? 
That's easy: "Fuck all life, the pipeline must be built." ~DAPL
Animals don't have many rights in America 

Clarification:. I'm not saying it's right what they are doing to animals just offering an explanation.  
Wow, that's disgusting.
Because profit is sacrosanct. 
Aren't Buffalo federally protected?
probably the same way that wild buffalo are legally slaughtered from time to time so they don't give domestic cattle brucellosis.
Wow they really are desperate to build that pipeline.
So is the pipeline pretty much still, let's do it over Sioux land all fuckhead style?
Someone tip the FBI:  
http://www.npr.org/2016/01/16/463094761/along-with-assault-and-arson-fbi-starts-to-track-animal-abuse
they clearly have water its clickbait, be smarter OP
What the actual fuck.  I really want this to be fake.  If anyone finds additional info, I'd be really interested.  If this is an attempt to subdue protesters by threatening to end those animals' lives, it's next level inhumanity. 
The thread about an hour posted it was a ranchers buffalo and there's no wild buffalo within 60-100 miles. Can someone confirm this?
I want to punch whoever designed the mobile version of that site in the dick.
Normally I don't care about most of the hippie nonsense on this sub but this pisses me off
Almost no evidence whatsoever, just a grainy aerial shot of livestock (on snowy ground, so they DO have access to water), and a brief, propaganda-sounding article.

There are actual, documentable injustices going on. This probably-fake PETA-level shit detracts from the actual wrongdoing, by making it seem like a bullshit story.
[deleted]
Wonder how the deniers would like it if we rounded them all up and kept them without food and water.

 Oh wait that exactly whats going to happen if they keep ignoring climate change.
This is more false propaganda perpetrated by the NODAPL radical activists and protesters. 
Disgusting creatures.
This is not new news.  It's been known for some time that eartquakes in Oklahoma started right after fracking started.

This was over a year ago: https://mogreenstats.com/2015/06/18/wastewater-injection-causes-oklahoma-earthquake-problem/

What I want to know, is what the people in Oklahoma think about this?  Do they still support fracking?  Is anyone trying to stop fracking, or do they just accept it as part of doing business?

>"The oil and gas industry basically owns the state,"

Is this the way the population thinks?  
[Here's] (http://money.cnn.com/2016/09/04/news/economy/oklahoma-earthquake-oil-gas-explainer/) where the 5000% figure comes from.
When the EPA does shit like [this](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2015_Gold_King_Mine_waste_water_spill) it needs to be seriously revised.
Basically it's a Trump tax. I hope it will be done worldwide if Trump really goes against environmental progresses.
The knock on Sarkozy is that between he and Cameron, they promoted Clinton into the failed Libya regime change. 
...yet. :(
Every month is the fucking hottest :(
Why do I think they are cooking the books on this?  We are using more resources than ever and it goes up every year.  
The world must stand united, if america abandons the war on climate then the global community must impose sanctions and embargos to cripple the American economy.

 We cannot allow a rogue nation to determine the fate of the planet. 

Zero carbon and world goverment at all cost.
Marc Edwards recently spoke at the University of Michigan about the D.C. and Flint water crises.  In both cases the public has had to fight the EPA, an agency created for the purpose of protecting human health and the environment, regarding the presence of lead in the municipal water supply.


This is an apolitical post, if you have time, [watch the lecture in its entirety](https://youtu.be/dEgZpM6j6cc) to truly understand how individuals working at the EPA falsified reports about the levels of lead in both cities, and how various levels of government covered the issue up.


Scientific integrity should not be compromised for job security, or political measure.
But how could he? He doesn't plan on protecting the environment. 
I'd like to add considering a vegan holiday or at least one not so animal focused 
So you are comparing a problem that humans have created in the last 200 years to a problem that is about 5 billion years in the future?

There are no guarantees we can survive outside our solar system. Perhaps it is worth a shot.  

Other than that, humans are bound to become extinct. Just as a person dies, so will the human race, presumably.  Do we want to do it quickly, like a person that has had life get the better of them before they grow old, or do we want to stretch it out some years, perhaps finding the key to avoiding aging, or avoiding death, or, for the human race, finding other places to live. 

The question goes deeper. What value is human life? Why are we so special. Isn't the rest of life special? Presumably all that will be wiped out in the end as well. Then, life will be but a small blip in the history of the ever changing cosmos. Or will it?

How about some smart people like trump can start exploring other lands while the rest of us go vegan and make the planet last as long as we can 
We need this, godspeed.
Do you think that Trump would follow through with the commitment of the Paris Climate Agreement even though it is non-binding, and not enforceable? Do you think that other countries would expect Trump to follow through with it? I think other's expectations of him will dictate whether signing it at all matters or not.

Apparently China doesn't believe that he will impose tariffs on Chinese exports to the USA, but that's another story...
Yes please 
It's probably best to start with [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_warming), but there's a lot of unnessary stuff in the text that you won't be interested in I presume.

Alternatively, you could start at [NASA's climate change pages](http://climate.nasa.gov/).

On a site note, there are no experiments proving the climate is changing, because there's just one climate here on earth. What we do have is an interference to the best explanation, and the hypothetico-deductive method.
While 98% of scientists agree that human activity probably has affected climate change greatly, there's no "proving" anything in science. However, the overall trend in the data between human activity and climate change shows a high correlation! 

I second NASA.

The [USGS](https://nccwsc.usgs.gov/) is also a phenomenal source. Check out the IPCC's Executive Summary and the [WMO](http://public.wmo.int/en).

The thing about your question is that climatology involves many different scientific disciplines, and Earth's systems are intimately interlinked. I couldn't point you to any particular study, but some basic concepts to look up that I think would help you are: the albedo effect (particularly the ice melting positive feedback loop!), the greenhouse effect, and radiation and global equilibrium. Also look up how our ocean currents affect temperature. 

Something that's important to understand about climate change is that its effects are NOT uniform in magnitude. Its effects increase with latitude! Climate scientists make predictions based on computer models, but it's also important to note that the climate record is incomplete, and we can only make approximations based off of proxy data, which gets less accurate the older it is. Climate oscillations are also normal, and there are non-anthropogenic drivers of climate change such as reduced sunspot activity and the Milankovitch Cycles (although these take a VERY long time) as well.

I'm sorry if this isn't what you were looking for, but those sources should be very helpful!
Sarah Palin. Is this a joke? 
It blows my mind how people don't think of how big of a deal this is. Some of my friends that voted for trump didn't believe trump would go after environmental stuff or simply don't care. Do people want to live in a less beautiful world?
"Could."

Yeah no.  It will.  The party's actual official platform includes massive deregulation.  Trump is already trying to figure out how to withdraw from the historic Paris Accord. His picks for cabinet include climate-change-deniers and fossil fuel industrialists. Clean energy incentives will be cut.  National parks could be opened to industry.

I get that big media outlets have to normalize events, sound reasonable and not incite panic.  But we need to panic.  And we need to get ready for an unprecedented fight for the wellbeing of the planet.  It kind of sucks, because I have other things I'd like to do with my life, and I thought we had finally gotten on a pretty good course.  I thought I could have faith that policy would slowly progress, as education and concern grew among people.

But what we are learning in this moment is how fragile progress is, and how the system has a flaw that enables it to ignore the people.  The test will be our resolve to dust ourselves off and keep pushing, or give up in despair.  I know this sounds like some kind of hyperbolic stump speech or something, but the stakes are immense.  Plus, for many of us, our energy is going to be divided among many different fronts, because the upcoming administration is not just bad for the environment.  There will be struggles to retain civil liberties, free speech, global and humanitarian standing.  There will be protests against the deregulation of banks (yes, we could be looking at a reboot of the recession), and against the supreme court appointments, and against the deportation of people.

The worst part is *it will barely matter* - there will be virtually no checks and balances.  Sanders and Warren can't fillibuster everything (especially if the GOP pursues abolishing that rule).  This isn't partisanship any more - it's the defense of basic ideals and sustainability.  So please. Panic a little.
Well, the planet is done. It's been nice knowing you guys. If you were ever thinking of quitting your day job to pursue your real interests, now would be a good time.
Many of you would stop on the side of a highway to save a dog, but fuck the world, right?  Nothing we can do, total loss, might as well give up right now, huh?
These past few weeks have been devastating, everyday im losing hope. 

Whats the point anymore. Were all screwed these next 4 years where crucial in saving the planet. We are already past the point of no return, everything we do now is adding fuel to a uncontrollable fire.

We need to stand up, and make our stand before its too late.
This is my biggest fear. All the dumb people who voted for him because he has balls to say Mexicans are rapists and that he could shoot someone and still get elected are probably overjoyed that there will be all kinds of new jobs raping our national parks. These people don't understand what they have done.
I am a software developer, and told myself many years ago I will not work for a company that imposes non-sustainable resource extraction methods.  This includes oil, gas and minerals but does not include the forestry industry (They replant more than they take where I live).  I have been approached by many headhunters looking to utilize my skills but had to turn down a few very lucrative contracts due to my ideology.  

It's a personal choice, and not one I would impose on anyone.  I know I am not having any great impact as an individual, but I just can't bring myself to support the profits of a company that is ruining the world for my children. It personally makes me feel better, even knowing my individual choice isn't doing much to reduce my carbon footprint.
This is more of a question of whether you 'blame' someone for working on an oil rig or in a coal mine... 

I would personally never 'blame' anyone for taking a job like that. They are trying to support themselves and their family (ostensibly) by working hard and earning a paycheck.

The people I would blame would be those in the government (state and federal) that use taxpayer money to subsidize those industries. If we put more money into 'green' technologies instead of fossil fuels then they should end up creating tons of new jobs as well, eventually.

Unfortunately the people working in coal mines and on oil rigs are not trained in how to install solar panels, or do green chemistry in a laboratory, and hence end up getting screwed.

We are living in a crazy time now...

>What influences your decision to stick to or deviate from your (green) lifestyle/principles? What circumstances have you been in that are the exception to your "rules"/the guidelines you strive to follow?

The answer to your question (for many people) is convenience. How convenient is is for me to stop doing this thing, or to start doing another thing, in order to help the environment. If it is HARD, most people will justify not doing that thing in a million different ways (eating WAY LESS meat, walking to work more, installing technology to limit energy consumption). If it has minor impact on their lives, they are much more likely to do it (recycling).

Just my take anyway...
X-Post referenced from [/r/taiwan](http://np.reddit.com/r/taiwan) by /u/x3nomik  
[99% Invisible: Separation Anxiety; about Taiwan's musical garbage trucks](http://np.reddit.com/r/taiwan/comments/4k00x0/99_invisible_separation_anxiety_about_taiwans/)
*****  
  
^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot. ^^I ^^delete ^^my ^^negative ^^comments. ^^[Contact](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=OriginalPostSearcher) ^^| ^^[Code](https://github.com/papernotes/Reddit-OriginalPostSearcher) ^^| ^^[FAQ](https://github.com/papernotes/Reddit-OriginalPostSearcher#faq)
Done :) 
Are you crazy?  No one can work for that man for any length of time.  It would be career suicide.
Do you seriously think that anyone hired via that would have any real effect on the decisions that are being made?

These are low-level positions, not decision making positions, and certainly not cabinet level appointments.

I approve of the idea of getting involved, there are a number of ways of doing so both in and out of the government, but please do maintain a level of realistic expectation as well.
For those unwilling to open that link.


Serve America

Thank you for your interest in learning about the process for joining the President Elect’s transition effort.  Please find below the information regarding the application process and instructions.

President Elect Trump has promised to change Washington, DC and that will start with identifying and recruiting the finest men and women from across the country to serve in his Administration.   Any individual who wishes to serve the Administration should utilize this online application in order to participate.

The President Elect will make appointments for a variety of positions throughout the federal government; some will require Senate confirmation, while others will not.  Appointments that require Senate confirmation include the Cabinet, subcabinet, members of regulatory commissions, ambassadorships, judgeships, as well as members of numerous advisory boards.

VARIABLES TO CONSIDER

Service in the Trump-Pence Administration will be service to our Nation and thus a high honor, which demands both sacrifice and dedication.  There are many factors to consider:

    The time commitment is significant and the pace is fast
    Appointments and jobs of the Trump-Pence Administration are demanding, and the application process is rigorous

President Elect Trump appreciates your interest and willingness to serve.

For most applicants under serious consideration:

    A full FBI background check in which an applicants history of employment, personal, travel, medical, financial, legal, military and education background will likely take.
    Consideration is taken for possible conflicts of interest. Financial holdings and sources of income must be disclosed.Any conflicts must be remedied by divestiture, the creation of special trusts, and other actions.
    Many appointees’ dealings with the Federal government both during and for a period of time after their service will be significantly restricted to prevent possible conflicts of interest.

APPLYING TO WORK IN THE ADMINISTRATION

All those wishing to apply for positions in the Trump-Pence Transition, Executive Office of the President, or a Federal Department, Agency or Commission should follow the instructions below:

    Complete the online application and submit it electronically.You will be notified electronically once your information has been received.A record of your application will be maintained while the President is in office, and you will be considered for the position(s) or subject area(s) which you have expressed interest in whenever openings occur.
    You will be asked fill out a Personal Data Statement if you are considered for a specific position.  You will be asked about possible conflicts of interest deriving from your sources of income; all aspects of your personal and professional life, including organization which you belong or once belonged; speeches you may have given and books, articles and editorials you may have written; legal, administrative and regulatory proceedings to which you may have been a party; in short, anything that might embarrass the President or you if he should choose you for a position in his administration.
    If you are considered for a nomination by the President Elect, you will be asked to complete FBI and financial disclosure forms for review and consideration. The types of forms you may be required to fill out are as follows: for National Security Positions (SF86) and for higher-level positions, the financial disclosure form, (SF278).Most appointees are required to file financial disclosure statements annually during their term of service.
    If Senate confirmation is required for the position you are nominated for, the Senate committee that reviews those nominations may ask you to provide additional information.

One should assume that all of the information provided during this process is ultimately subject to public disclosure, if requested under the Freedom of Information Act.

Dear god... The reaction on this sub has been the worst of all. Every post seems to be about somehow trying to convince Trump, or "work with him" on conservation or climate change issues, as though we don't already know his first plan is to undo everything that has been accomplished this decade and worse. Any kind of cooperation on the part of environmental organizations is a matter of manipulation of, lets be honest, idiots that have no business being as optimistic as they are about the possibility of swaying Trump.

There is no working *with* Trump, whose administration is basically just a right wing dream team of politicians and industry lobbyists who have been given free reign to pillage everything they can for four years. And anyone who does try to work with him will be manipulated to betray the rest of us as a shill. Knowing how clueless environmental nonprofits tend to be when it comes to how power operates I imagine it wont be hard to find quite a few people to fill this role.
I hate it that we cant do much against defrostation. The Goverment cut it down by 67% and its still going to destroy the rainforest.
The governments aided poor people to settle in the rainforest as a way to try to improve their economic situation. They see it disingenuous that countries who already benefited greatly from hurting the environment tell them that they can't do the same.
Its time to militarizes the united nations, we need to protect the environment at all cost.

We are running out of time, the war to save the planet needs to happen now. 
Brazilian usufruct laws give title to people who work unclaimed land.  So poor people go out into the forest, clear a patch, and drop cattle on it to say, "look, we are working the land."  After something like five years, the land becomes legally theirs.  Then they sell it to rich farmers who grow soy on it.  The soy kills the soil.  Rinse. Repeat.


From [vibrant rainforest](http://assets.inhabitat.com/wp-content/blogs.dir/1/files/2013/09/amazon.jpg), to [a scattered maze of mangrove & grass-covered islands in a shallow sea](http://s.ngm.com/2013/09/rising-seas/gatefold/RS_Web_SA_15M_v3.jpg). 
