The only Bill I want to hear about is Bill the Pony.
But Lord of the Rings was the greatest political allegory of its time! Each character and object represented exactly what Tolkien considered to be his current political situation (particularly the One Ring), and it applies even today!

^^I ^^need ^^to ^^go ^^take ^^a ^^shower ^^now.

Good choice, mods. Thanks for your hard work.
SAURON DID NOTHING WRONG!

<*ahem*>

Now that I've gotten that out of my system, 100% behind this. Thanks for your hard work, mods.
Just to echo my co-moderator's sentiments, while we appreciate that US politics is a really polarising issue there are plenty of other places to discuss it. Please don't bring politics into our (or any) subreddit where it doesn't belong. 
Looks like meat's back on the menu, boys!
I can't describe how happy I am about this. I am just so fatigued after seeing it everywhere, and any time you mention that a certain sub has no need for politics, you get downvoted by people thinking you are on the opposite side of "them."
Thank fucking God. I wish more subs were willing to do this. This election seems to be especially bad in terms of politics leaking into every sub imaginable. 
Someone put up a political meme on tolkienfans a few days ago. I was not pleased. When we get shitposts, I know you lot are getting them in spades.
Make Erebor Great Again
Never Sauron

--- OR ---

Sauron is *clearly* the lesser of 2 evils.
This is just the sort of censorship we've come to expect from the Numenorian-supremacist conspiracy that runs this sub and is dedicated to keeping **THE TRUTH** from getting out.
So just to be clear: would it be okay to post political interpretations of Tolkien's work?
Tolkien's views on politics and especially on anarchism are fashinating but there are other Tolkien related subs for that.  
BTW, what Gollum meme?
Unless of course the politics in question happen between nations in Middle Earth, like Denethor refusing to give up his Stewardship etc., right?
Please tell this to the sports subs.  Such a great idea.
 #ImWithSauron
#voteforShelob
Melkor did nothing wrong.
"#orclivesmatter"
Sam for Mayor!
VOTE ARAGORN
You rock!  I am highly political, but I strongly believe that there is a time and a place.  People don't need that stuff in their face 100% of the time.  And we don't need to be divided in spaces where we might otherwise be building connections with other groups. 
Way to go Mods... Making Middle-Earth Great Again!
I wholeheartedly applaud this decision. I really wish more non-political subreddits did the same thing. Or rather I wish it wasn't necessary to have to do so in the first place but it is what it is.
gg mods
I'm just saying, a temporary ban on all immigration of Harad and Rhun people.
Make Gondor great again
The true aggressors for war were never the orcs.  It was Sauron and Saruman.  They controlled the purses.  
Question for the mods here, would a joke in the comments which alludes to a politics but isn't supporting any particular view like saying "Make Gondor Great Again" or "Build a Wall between Isengard and Rohan" count as an infraction to that rule?
Thank you, mods, for giving us a sanctuary during the silly season. 
"We'll build a wall and get Mordor to pay for it!"
Darn it, I was just going to post "What can man do against such reckless hate."
Is Gandolf a conservative or liberal
Aragorn for King, 2020!
But lord of the rings is the greatest geopolitical commentary of the past 4 generations! 
Yeah we can build a wall to keep out the political po--aaaaaah fuck
So is it against the rules now to mention that JRR Tolkien in real life was a royalist who ardently supported the British queen and her crown family? Seems like a relevant fact in light of his reverence for royal blood in LOTR.
Congrats, Italia! Excellent choice.
Thanks!

Hello everyone!
Great choice, he's been heading the reading discussion for LOTR over at r/tolkienfans. He does a good job over there.
My bid is cash on delivery, up to and not exceeding one fourteenth of total profits and all [delivery] expenses guaranteed in any event.
I worship this dude. Real-life Ranger. Too lazy to source, but he bow hunts much (all?) of his animal protein. 
I also heard he bought the horse from Hidalgo. How many horses has this man bought 
and rolling around in the dirt playing with his horsey only helped his costume and appearance im sure
Tough guy, warrior poet, class act. 
He might actually be perfect
VIJO MORGANSTEIN!
If she couldn't afford to buy the horse, was she able to afford to maintain it?
I never get tired of hearing this story.
I like that song when he is "revived" on the riverbed. The voice of the singer is amazing.
Against the power of Mordor there can be no victory. 

Your love of the halflings leaf has clearly slowed your mind. 
We all know it's the answer. It's Saruman. 
You will taste man-flesh!
Put together a group of about 10-...eh, 9 volunteers to hike up there and find out
I bet the shorter ladies loved getting dwarf rings
Now you might want to look for the ruling ring in some local caves. Make sure you know some riddles and dont get squeezed.
Dwarf rings!?  DWARF RINGS!?

I'm glad I'm tall.
As a fairly short women, I don't think I'd appreciate a dwarf ring :/
This is awesome :)
So now the class rep has power over the guys who lost their human rings, cool!
Good little story 
All the rings were originally made for elves, so you could all have been elves...
I thought this was going to be some deep post about how we've all lost our way as a species and trump is sauron about to come forth with his alt-right orc army lol  
  
(Not trying to hate on Trump supporters or start anything political.  If I had voted, I probably would have even voted for the guy, tbh.)
So all the guys "lost" their ring. Well. I'm sure there's been no scheming from the ladies whatsoever.
r/thathappened
Durin's Bane got its name for slaying Durin **VI**.

Durin VI died 783 years before Balin was born.

Durin I lived between 6,000 and 9,000 years before Balin was born.

The only member of the Fellowship alive at the same time was Gandalf...and he had not taken the form or name of "Gandalf" yet.
The Balrog is immortal. Durin and Balin were not contemporaries with each other, but everyone since the creation of the world up until Gandalf defeats it was contemporary with the Balrog. That's why it's able to kill people ages ago, but still be around to kill more people now (although it wasn't Durin I, and also the balrog didn't kill Balin either; that was orcs.) The balrog got its name centuries before when the dwarves uncovered it and it killed them. The story was remembered and told by the survivors until it became a well-known part of their heritage. Then, hundreds of years later (when all the dwarves who uncovered the balrog were long dead), Balin lead an expedition back to Moria, but the balrog was still alive and well there because it doesn't age. If not for Gandalf, it could have *still* been there 1000 years later when all the current dwarves are long dead. 
Durin's Bane did in fact slay Durin the VI, not Durin I.

However, who the Balrog slayed is actually irrelevant to Gimli's comment. His cousin Balin (along with Ori, and other dwarves) led an expedition to retake Moria sometime after the Quest for Erebor (events of The Hobbit). Gimli, along with many dwarves, was under the impression that the expedition was successful--at least to some extent. That's why he is surprised to learn that Balin is dead, along with his colony.

http://tolkiengateway.net/wiki/Balin's_Colony  <-- For more reading if you would like on Balin's Colony :)
We had a discussion about this yesterday on /r/tolkienfans and I quoted this letter you may find interesting :

Letter 246

>Frodo was sent or allowed to pass over Sea to heal him – if that could be done, before
he died. He would have eventually to 'pass away': no mortal could, or can, abide for ever on earth,
or within Time. So he went both to a purgatory and to a reward, for a while: a period of reflection
and peace and a gaining of a truer understanding of his position in littleness and in greatness, spent
still in Time amid the natural beauty of 'Arda Unmarred', the Earth unspoiled by evil.

>Bilbo went too. No doubt as a completion of the plan due to Gandalf himself. Gandalf had a
very great affection for Bilbo, from the hobbit's childhood onwards. His companionship was really
necessary for Frodo's sake – it is difficult to imagine a hobbit, even one who had been through
Frodo's experiences, being really happy even in an earthly paradise without a companion of his own
kind, and Bilbo was the person that Frodo most loved. (Cf III 252 lines 12 to 21 and 263 lines 1-2.)2


>But he also needed and deserved the favour on his own account. He bore still the mark of the Ring
that needed to be finally erased : a trace of pride and personal possessiveness. Of course he was old
and confused in mind, but it was still a revelation of the 'black mark' when he said in Rivendell (III
265) 'What's become of my ring, Frodo, that you took away?'; and when he was reminded of what
had happened, his immediate reply was: 'What a pity! I should have liked to see it again'. As for
reward for his pan, it is difficult to feel that his life would be complete without an experience of
'pure Elvishness', and the opportunity of hearing the legends and histories in full the fragments ofwhich had so delighted him.

>It is clear, of course, that the plan had actually been made and concerted (by Arwen, Gandalf
and others) before Arwen spoke. But Frodo did not immediately take it in; the implications would
slowly be understood on reflection. Such a journey would at first seem something not necessarily to
be feared, even as something to look forward to – so long as undated and postponable. His real
desire was hobbitlike (and humanlike) just 'to be himself again and get back to the old familiar life
that had been interrupted. Already on the journey back from Rivendell he suddenly saw that was not
for him possible. Hence his cry 'Where shall I find rest?' He knew the answer, and Gandalf did not
reply. As for Bilbo, it is probable that Frodo did not at first understand what Arwen meant by 'he
will not again make any long journey save one'. At any rate he did not associate it with his own
case. When Arwen spoke (in TA 3019) he was still young, not yet 51, and Bilbo 78 years older. But
at Rivendell he came to understand things more clearly. The conversations he had there are not
reported, but enough is revealed in Elrond's farewell III 267.3
 From the onset of the first sickness
(Oct. 5, 3019) Frodo must have been thinking about 'sailing', though still resisting a final decision
— to go with Bilbo, or to go at all. It was no doubt after his grievous illness in March 3020 that his
mind was made up.


I wouldn't consider it so much a suicide as simply deciding to move on from this life. I think I have heard of this type of thing happening in old people. One day they simply decide that they are no longer needed on earth and they have no reason to continue one here and so they just pass away. I know that my Great Grampa started saying his goodbyes a little less than a week before he passed. 

I wouldn't call that a suicide; simply moving on to the next step. 
The ending is pretty much a suicide trip. They would not come back from the Western Lands. they were sent there to help heal the damage the Ring has done tho them. I can totally see the comparisons between that and a soldier coming home with severe PTSD and wanting a way to heal.



And there was actually a planed sequel to the Trilogy called "The New Shadow".

*"I did begin a story placed about 100 years after the Downfall, but it proved both sinister and depressing. Since we are dealing with Men, it is inevitable that we should be concerned with the most regrettable feature of their nature: their quick satiety with good. So that the people of Gondor in times of peace, justice and prosperity, would become discontented and restless — while the dynasts descended from Aragorn would become just kings and governors — like Denethor or worse. I found that even so early there was an outcrop of revolutionary plots, about a centre of secret Satanistic religion; while Gondorian boys were playing at being Orcs and going around doing damage. I could have written a 'thriller' about the plot and its discovery and overthrow — but it would have been just that. Not worth doing."
―The Letters of J.R.R. Tolkien, Letter 256*


It was only 13 pages and it was quickly abandoned by Tolkien.
who the fuck is gonna read all that?
My recommendation is usually to just read through. The important names and places come up often enough you'll start to remember who's who.

Then on a reread everything clicks.
http://silmarillionotes.tumblr.com this is a pretty decent blog on it all.
Its a bit like the bible or a Greek history (Herodtodus?). Most of the story is from a few steps back but every so often it "zooms in" and describes individual fights,  conversations etc.

But you haven't read LotR yet,  correct? Start with the Hobbit and LotR before jumping into the Silmarillion.
I found I couldn't get all the way through it reading it as if it was one of Tolkien's more famous works. I had to approach it as a course of study. It's information dense and written in a style that is not popular today. Their is a tendency to judge it by the same standards as his other works but it is really a different type of book. It is more than worth the effort to make it all the way through, though. Just go slowly and try not to zip past stuff without thinking about it. Study it like you're trying to ace the exam and you'll come away with a foundation to help you better appreciate his other works.
I found it to be very similar to reading the Bible. Only less preachy. 
The first part was the toughest for me.  I read it about 20 years ago and had no idea what I was getting in to, though. The first section reads like a creation story in a Bible. Lots of abstract imagery and such. But once I got through it, it made sense and I enjoyed it. 

The rest of the book is short interconnected stories about ancient people. This is the amazing part of the book and hooked me instantly. There are a lot of names and locations to remember but it isn't a problem.  Just focus on the story. I flipped back and forth between the story and index constantly, and while I eventually memorized all the names and locations, it wasn't a great way to read the book. 

If you love Tolkien enough to want to read the Silmarillion, I am sure you will really like it and will want to read it again some time.  That is when you can focus on learning the names and places. 
Finished The Silmarillion two days ago. 
I didn't find it that hard and exceedingly interesting. English is not my mother tongue and I had no problem with it. Concerning the names, some you can forget immediately. Family trees help getting through it. 
In the end it gives you a much better understanding of middle-earth so I highly recommend it. And it's also entertaining and not just 'studding'. 
Ifs like a bunch of short stories. That are relevant to the whole story. 
To anyone who has watched all of the special features, this isn't news. Still funny that it continues though!
How exactly is it a prank though?...
The elves in Mirkwood scared the shit out of me as a child
Same studio that did The Last Unicorn if you are into the art.
[Down down to Goblin-Town. You go my lad! Ho-ho my lad!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPkqjc23yqs)
I remember seeing and loving the cartoons at random when I was a kid. It was decades before I figured out what they were. A little seasoning for your nostalgia.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGF5ROpjRAU
The greatest adventure is there if you're bold, let go of the moment that life makes you hold
Love this movie. It has its flaws, but it brings the tone of the book to life in a way the Jackson version struggled to do. I think incorporating so many of Tolkien's songs really helped in this respect.

That's what got me started.
I have a copy of *The Hobbit* illustrated with scenes from the cartoon. 
I grew up with this. I absolutely love it. I remember when I read the book eventually, I was blown away that the songs in the cartoon are actually in the book.
 
I really don't know what people's feelings are regarding the fellowship and two towers cartoon but I adore it. Some of the scariest and strangest animation you will ever see. There are a number of scenes in that cartoon that I think are far superior than the movie adaptation.
I remember watching this and their version of "Return of the King." 
They killed off so many dwarves though! And no beorn! 
i love this movie
Where can I watch this in Canada?
Still better than the movies
This cartoon feels so close to the books. I also much prefer it to the Peter Jackson trilogy.

Also love the soundtrack. "The greatest adventure" and "roads go ever ever on" are amazing. No sarcasm!
We still have the record they made out of this movie!
I still wish that Peter Jackson had taken this movie and filmed it, live action, maybe he still will "The Hobbit: Classic Edition"
I still want to watch this adaptation of it. I can't seem to find it anywhere.
There used to be a really nice version of "the Hobbit" book and it had illustrations from this movie in it.  Does anyone remember it?  Anyone have a link to purchase it?  It was a hardcover I think.
/u/FearTheBeard513

Well heck
This movie was way better then that recent hobbit trilogy
I really like it, but the characters look so hideous, damn. [Music is awesome, though](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-_r1Npsv5I).
Loved Riddles in the Dark-- the voice actor for Gollum nailed it.  Also: Smaug!  Such great voice actors.
The way Gandalf nonchalantly says 'excellent' after the trolls get turned to stone was always hilarious to me. 
And I was there!  I saved the copy of TV Guide for years after this - it had a half page ad for the movie and I couldn't bear the thought of throwing it away.  I still have the boxed set of LP's including the fold out poster.

This movie gets grief, I think in part of the unconventional animation style (I still don't understand the eyes...) but it is faithful to the book and tells the story effectively, even though they had to completely cut Tauriel out, I suppose for reasons of time.
The music was epic for this cartoon. I need to find me a copy of this. 
LEMIWINKS
This was my introduction to Middle-earth when I was about 4 or 5 years old. My dad sat me down to watch it. I adored it then and I do so now. Richard Boone as Smaug was absolutely *epic*.

#

When they were making the Jackson trilogy, I phoned my dad to tell him. I said it would be nice to see something on-par with Jackson's LotR, but that Jackson had a big job ahead of him to do a better job. I was right...and I think Jackson dropped the ball.
The ****Only**** Adaption of the book
Mine too.
Who wears short shorts?
Boromir apparently
I think this is one of those movies that if you saw it as a kid, you still associate it with the nostalgia (and naiveté) of youth. If you waited until you were an adult to see it (like me) it's a filler in your Tolkien collection but nothing to write home about.

I personally can't stand it. 
I find it interesting that he repeatedly calls Saruman "the greatest enemy of the Fellowship". Is that true? Did I miss something? I thought it was Sauron, but I guess one could say that Sauron was the greatest enemy of Middle Earth as a whole, whereas Saruman was the largest obstacle to the workings of the Fellowship? Would someone more educated care to set me straight?
I love this man so much. It was my life's dream to meet him and listen to his stories, such a shame I didn't make it. 
The obsession burns bright with this one. Welcome back to the  fellowship brother.   
Could you tell something more about the maps?
This is amazing !

I feel like there's so many things that I'm missing 

I see: Barad-Dur, Mount Doom, Minas Tirith, Isengard, the Argonath, The Lonely Mountain

They're the only things i'm 100% on other than obvious things like the Misty Mountains, Eagles etc 

Is Minas Ithil, Rivendell, Hobbiton on here but I'm just missing them?
This is incredible.  How would one go about purchasing a print? or is that not an option?
I want one :( how can a man buy this from a country that Amazon doesn't ships?
It's beautiful work (but for just a moment, I thought it was meant to depict a ring toss game)
oh fuck do I need to cop one of these
I have failed as a husband if I cannot find a way to get one for my wife!!
Glad to see this is getting some love. This is actually a piece of work that was privately commissioned from a group of fans. Limited to 150 or so folks in the group. As far as I know the prints will not be publicly available for sale. 

Fortunately enough I was invited to the group and got in on the commission. Been following this piece of work for months now. So very much looking forward to getting this. Still don't know when yet tho. 

Here's  a link to some more close-up detail shots from the artists facebook page. 

https://www.facebook.com/ArtistJeffMurray/posts/1328178773859596:0
which are the two towers... Isengard and Barad Dur? Minas Tirith and Minas Morgul? The two towers at Morannon? Even if the answer is known a great poster!
What is the large bright spot above Isengaurd?
RIP Jeff. 
This.Is.INCREDIBLE.
I'm literally studying every detail with my eyes, can't stop. Amazing.
Anywhere you can find this in larger format? It's amazing

This is majestic as fuck
Origimli?
Wow, very impressive! I've no idea how to even begin with that!
A valiant (even if parchment) companion for the fellowship, no doubt!
This is so cool! Super impressed :o If you make more of the lotr characters, please let us knoooow!

This is nuts!  Way talented.  Are you planning on doing anymore of the Fellowship?
Straight out of Kubo and the Two Strings. gj
Nice Origimli, are we going to see any Origamgee any time soon?
Looks sort of birdish.

But in all seriousness, hell of a piece of artwork.
But how do you make the axe from the symmetrical pattern?  My brain...
He kinda looks like he's jerking off lol.
He looks like he could fold under pressure :P
I reeeeeaaally hate to say it...  but it kinda looks like an ewok.
How about the 50th anniversary deluxe edition? 
ISBN: 978-0-00-718236-7
It's my personal favourite. Plus it fits together with other books of the legendarium if you want them. 
I asked for the same thing a few years ago. My son did a bunch of research and they bought me [this](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0395193958/ref=oh_aui_search_detailpage?ie=UTF8&psc=1) and [this](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0395177111/ref=oh_aui_search_detailpage?ie=UTF8&psc=1). They're gorgeous. The paper is a so rich feeling.
The Folio Society edition is very nice. One volume for each part. We got them for my mum when she turned 50 and she loves them. Sturdy, great-looking print, great illustrations. 
[This] (http://www.bookdepository.com/The-Lord-of-the-Rings-J-R-R-Tolkien-Alan-Lee/9780007525546?ref=grid-view) looks pretty nice on a shelf, but the illustrations by Alan Lee are truly amazing. This is my favorite edition of the book, sometimes I just take it off my shelf and look through the illustrations.

If you click [Here] (https://www.amazon.com/gp/review/R2JAD68WXL1PSY?ref_=glimp_1rv_cl) you can see the images someone took of the beautfiul illustrations.
They did in the books.
that was the whole point of Aragorn gathering the Oathbreaker army. So they could drive off the Corsairs/Haradrim or whatever from the other Gondorian cities and gather the troops from those areas.
In the movie they kind of hint at Denethor's madness when Gandalf asks "where are Gondor's armies", but in the book the armies are there
Lords from various provinces did go to Minas Tirith.

> **Forlong the Fat**, the Lord of **Lossarnach**... a man of wide shoulders and huge girth, but old and grey-bearded, yet mail-clad and black-helmed and bearing a long heavy spear. Behind him marched proudly a dusty line of men... men of **Ringló Vale** behind the son of their lord, **Devorin** striding on foot... from the uplands of Morthond, the great **Blackroot Vale**, tall **Duinhir** with his sons, **Duilin** and **Derufin**, and five hundred bowmen. From the Anfalas, the **Langstrand** far away... scantily equipped save for the household of **Golasgil** their Lord... **Hirluin the Fair** of the **Green Hills** from Pennath Gelin... last and proudest, **Imrahil**, **Prince of Dol Amroth**, kinsman of the Lord,...behind them seven hundreds of men at arms, tall as Lords, grey-eyed, dark-haired (Minas Tirith)

The combined hosts were less than three thousand, however.
It's cool, but out of curiosity, why mix the White Tree of Gondor with the inscription for the West-Gate of Moria?
I love that the majority of this is Legolas.
I used to have my friends dad cut us wood versions of all legolas's and aragorns swords.
Is Bill the pony a custom?
Where did u buy that?
Hello,
I believe this was a deleted scene that was intended to illustrate the events taken place from the escape of Moria to the Woods of Lorien. In the books the fellowship was chased all the way to Lothlorien by orcs and goblins. Would have made an awesome scene in the movie 
Sorry if this isn't the most interesting post.

I have this art piece that has a film cell from the Fellowship of the Ring in it. However, I can't figure out what scene this cell is in! It's odd because it looks like Boromir is on the left (with a sword out?), two hobbits in the middle, and Legolas plus Aragorn on the right. This is all in a wooded area... what scene could this possibly be from? The only wooded place I can remember the fellowship being at in the movie (besides lothlorian) is at the end. I've skimmed through the Amon Hen scenes and didn't see this at all. Maybe I was blind or maybe its at a different part in the movie?
Etsy would be your best bet. Lots of handmade journals, if they don't have the size you want, you could commission one to be made.  
Nope. That's the whole point. They're screwed - destroying or using the ring are the only two options.
Nope.   The whole point was that there was no hope,  but that they kept fighting anyway. 
The Last Alliance was the last time the free peoples had enough strength to defeat Sauron, the Third age was just them holding off the onslaught in hope of destroying the ring. Had the ring not been found, Sauron would have eventually unleashed a larger army on Minas Tirith, and assuming Rohan still defeated Saruman, Sauron would have crushed them too. 
A "vat" is defined as "a large tank or tub; often used to store liquids". It is most commonly used in reference to large factories that have to store copious amounts of colored dyes (or really any liquid, that was just an example).

My guess is that this is just another example of the writers for SoM having no fucking clue what they're talking about. Orcs reproduce sexually, but I'm fairly certain the writers of the game just assumed that PJ was correct in depicting them popping out of Mud pits, and so they copied that.

As a general rule, don't trust ***anything*** that you learn from SoM in terms of lore. It is very probably wrong.
Sounds like a reference to those dumb mud pits from the movies where they make more orcs.

i
I bought it for $30 just before Thanksgiving in 2014 but I remember it went on sale again at some point during December 2015 -- the price probably will drop again soon. 
Saw someone recommend this recently and thought of this post: here is a [Chrome extension that will alert you when Amazon drops the price on something you're tracking](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/keepa-amazon-price-tracke/neebplgakaahbhdphmkckjjcegoiijjo?hl=en). Happy shopping!

Does anyone know the difference between these two sets?
This one is more expensive
https://www.amazon.com/Lord-Rings-Fellowship-Extended-Editions/dp/B007ZQAKHU/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1480378816&sr=8-2&keywords=lord+of+the+rings+extended+edition

But this one looks the same but is a lot cheaper 
https://www.amazon.com/Lord-Rings-Picture-Trilogy-Extended/dp/B004HEWNBO/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1480378816&sr=8-3&keywords=lord+of+the+rings+extended+edition


A great idea.   Post if you find anything

I have a professional scan of the image, give me a message if you'd be interested and I might look at doing some prints or putting it on Etsy.
now that's something to be proud of!  amazing job :)
Decided to do a small number of prints. Take a look here: https://www.etsy.com/uk/listing/487555943/hand-drawn-map-of-middle-earth-detailed

Or just give me a message if you're interested.
This is the kind of thing I love seeing on this subreddit. Incredible work! :)
That will be something to cherish for a lifetime.
Really phenomenal work!  That's something to be proud of.  I love the color in the mountains and fields. If you're looking for another project I believe Beleriand and the lands to the north need drawing 
Really amazing. Nice work!
That looks amazing!
absolutely fantastic, Tolkien would be pleased :D
Gorgeous!
Incredible
An idea for your amazing map. You could try to cut out the "land" and  put those small 1 cm raised cushion squares with glue on both sides and paste it on top of white background where you have the "middle earth" and the compass rose 
  
That way i reckon you can get a cool 3D effect :)
I think this is the most beautiful thing I've seen. Fantastic work!
You forgot New Zealand 
This is wonderful work! I absolutely love the use of colour! 
If anyone's curious, the official prop guys for the movies made one too.

https://www.wetanz.com/shop/printed-art/parchment-map-of-middle-earth?ref=category
If you get one let me know, I too would like this
I wish it said the adventure ends over the adventure continues
I don't get it?? It already was a poster.
Any ideas how i can work out what its worth i want to sell it. i have had it since it came out in 1999.

I have tried searching via ISBN but no luck, i have also dug through ebay, and gumtree(Australian ebay thing). 

Please Help!
>I've read that Gandalf cannot directly interfere with the quest to destroy the ring and can't use his full power.

Close, but not quite.  Gandalf *does* directly interfere with the quest to destroy the Ring.  Remember how he was literally the leader of the Fellowship, guiding them on their path to destroy the Ring?

Rule #1: Gandalf is *forbidden* "to match Sauron's power with power."  This seems to mean that Gandalf is not allowed (by those who sent him) to make himself the sorcerous overlord of Gondor and raise armies to do his bidding and destroy the realm of Mordor.  The passage could also be interpreted that Gandalf was not allowed to develop his magical abilities until they rivaled those of Sauron...but that was never really an option to begin with.  Gandalf simply didn't have the raw firepower necessary to play Dumbledore vs Voldemort against the Lord of the Ring.

But on top of that, Gandalf (and the other wizards) *are not faking their bodies.*  They are *really* flesh and blood, walking around with skinned knees and arthritis and even dysentery, should they choose to travel the Oregon Trail.  A mortal, corporeal, flesh-and-blood-and-last-night's-chili form simply cannot harness or wield the full power that Gandalf was capable of as Olorin in the West.  

Saruman broke Rule #1.  He decided "screw it, I'm stealing the Ring for myself and taking over the world!"  He was the second most badass mage (Sauron takes the gold medal in that category...but they both flunked out of the running for Miss Congeniality.) Middle Earth had seen since the end of the First Age when the Valar themselves went to war against Morgoth.  But he was still mortal.  Wormtongue cut his throat, and Saruman the Wise, Saruman of Many Colours, Master of Orthanc and self-proclaimed Ringmaker, just died on Frodo's doorstep like a whiny little bastard.
Yes Gandalf can and did use his full powers, see the fight with **Durin's Bane** recounted in **The White Rider**. He and his peers were to act as guides to bring the people of Middle-earth together to deal with Sauron. They were not to lord over, or cow them with their powers. As to the Quest, he led it until they reached the eastern gate of Moria. Sure he can decide when and where to use his full powers, or to what degree. Like when an adult plays with a child compared to an adult; i.e. Gandalf the White with the three companions:

> He lifted up his staff, and Gimli's axe leaped from his grasp and fell ringing on the ground. The sword of Aragorn, stiff in his motionless hand, blazed with a sudden fire. Legolas gave a great shout and shot an arrow high into the air: it vanished in a flash of flame. (The White Rider)

Or Gandalf the Grey with **Durin's Bane**:

> "There was none to see, or perhaps in after ages songs would still be sung of the Battle of the Peak." Suddenly Gandalf laughed. "But what would they say in song? Those that looked up from afar thought that the mountain was crowned with storm. Thunder they heard, and lightning, they said, smote upon Celebdil, and leapt back broken into tongues of fire. Is that not enough? A great smoke rose about us, vapour and steam. Ice fell like rain." (The White Rider)
All the wizards are somewhat restricted on their mortal forms, as opposed to Sauron, who is not. That being said, they still (initially) held back a lot of what power they did have because of the rules the Valar set for them. Saruman broke this, Gandalf did not. Gandalf was allowed to use all his power against the Balrog because the Balrog was a demon of times before LOTR, and not related to the events at hand. The description we have of that battle is one of fire and lightning in a storm type god battle of epic proportion, and I think that hints at how powerful Gandalf actually could be had he broken the rules, potentially rivaling Sauron in a similar way that Saruman did. 
Keep in mind the times we actually *do* see Gandalf unleash his power, or at least part of it. The encounter with the spirit-wolves near Moria was entirely one-sided towards Gandalf. No doubt the rest of the Fellowship's warriors could have held their own but Gandalf literally just fire nova-ed the enemy and they turned tail. 

Note how first he stated something along the lines of "Gandalf is here. Turn back before you get hurt." Every time we see Gandalf pre-engagement he makes the same proclamation. His words to the Balrog at the bridge were such a message, worded in more ancient, mythological vocabulary. 

It seems that Gandalf was allowed to unleash at least part of his power when confronted directly and with no reasonable means to flee. We see that Ol' G is fully capable of holding all *nine* Nazgul by himself as he did at Weathertop, as well as fighting an ancient demon to a draw after his fall in Moria. So, when necessary, Gandalf is fully capable of kicking major ass, he just usually acts as counselor & advisor or as a kind of rallying beacon for the Free Peoples.
please.specify when.

The original settlement?

balin's attempt at a colony?

Durinf the quest?

After the quest?
Finrod because he was the coolest Elf on the block. Men loved him.
Beleg always stands out to me. Dude was a beast. His death still angrers me
Esteemed harp soloist, rapper, and werewolf-wrestler Finrod Felagund.


> Now news came to Hithlum that Dorthonion was lost and the sons of Finarfin overthrown, and that the sons of Fëanor were driven from their lands. Then Fingolfin beheld (as it seemed to him) the utter ruin of the Noldor, and the defeat beyond redress of all their houses; and filled with wrath and despair he mounted upon Rochallor his great horse and rode forth alone, and none might restrain him. He passed over Dor-nu-Fauglith like a wind amid the dust, and all that beheld his onset fled in amaze, thinking that Oromë himself was come: for a great madness of rage was upon him, so that his eyes shone like the eyes of the Valar. Thus he came alone to Angband's gates, and he sounded his horn, and smote once more upon the brazen doors, and challenged Morgoth to come forth to single combat. And Morgoth came.
Turgon

He Could Have sat with his people at Gondolin but he led them out and took part at the Ninreath.
Having not read the Sil, I'm going with Elrond, the dude sacrificed a lot for the better of Middle Earth, and for his daughter. Elrond was as noble as they come 
Defiantly not easy to answer...
It could either be Glorfindel, the shiny unsullied hero who's incredibly mighty and only does good (actually quite boring and flat I know... I just like that he keeps reappearing. Every time I'm like 'yay that guy again'). Also one of the few that actually killed a Balrog.

Or maybe Círdan for also constantly reappearing and giving refugee to every one. Unfortunately we don't know too much about him...

I also liked Finwë when I first read about him in The Silmarillion but then he went all crazy.l :D and I kind of blame all trouble on him xD

Another worthy candidate is Finrod Felagund. A bit more tragic and entangled in all this Silmaril-Doom-Thingy

Edit: And we all like Legolas, don't we?
easy, Cirdan 
Either Cirdan The Shipwright (because I find his history and story fascinating) or Beleg (because of how loyal and badass he is).

Feanor is a really interesting, forceful character but I'm not sure I could say I like him very much...
Finrod. Close tie for Fingolfin though.


Honestly it's hard to pick between the three, but probably Snap. Crackle and Pop are cool but snap just snaps, you feel me?
I think I'm going to go with Ecthelion, dude managed to kill Gothmog, leader of the balrogs, equal only to Sauron. He does this and still doesn't get the same recognition as Glorfindel
Yeah. Maple Edit FTW. They also edited the "Fat" into an interesting featurette following Gandalf's mini adventure.
There are a few scenes from the extended editions that are in the book that I wouldn't mind seeing in an edit, and as far as I know the Tolkien Edit doesn't include any extended edition scenes. Anyone know if there is a version that does? 
Does Maple mostly cut out Alfred, that guy who works for the Master of Lake Town? I liked the Tolkien edit but they kept basically every scene with him which makes no sense to me. He was the Jar Jar of the Hobbit
I would love the Maple Edit if it kept the side ventures of Gandalf intact in the edited movie.

Say what you will about the necessity to tell that story, but I thought it was done wonderfully and helped with the pacing of the movies. 
The first American hardcover edition has it. Very cool edition as well
My hardcover edition has it. ISBN 0 04 823139 8

I tried to submit a picture for you but it was removed for using reddit's image hosting service as far as I can tell.

Find it [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/test/comments/5ew2he/test_image/?st=ivycc14i&sh=7e5575af)
Ugh, I dislike fold-out maps. They're neat in theory, but they're so hard to use. You can't just flip to it while reading, and they tear so very easily. The only way I can reference a fold-out map while reading is with a book placed flat on a table, and I prefer to do my reading sprawled on a couch.
The Ted Nasmith illustrated edition has it- and it's in color!
http://www.tolkienshop.com/contents/media/l_0618391118.jpg
Orc: "Oh shit was that Aragorn?"
I noticed this as well. I always just said that Uruk wasn't quite dead...
That's what you get when you use actors instead of CGI :P

BTW, the guy right to the left of the circle also moves right before Aragorn runs past him.
Here's another: When Saruman is on top of Orthanc and chanting towards the mountain, look at his left hand. One of the fingers is bandaged and in a cast.

And another one: in TTT, when Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli hand over their weapons, Legolas does it twice. He hands over his bow, but he does it again in the background when Aragorn is handing over his knife. I guess the cameras overlapped and nobody realized.
"Oh shit, play dead, play dead!"
Is it unreasonable that maybe every orc isn't quite dead yet?
It was frank eating sausages 
They just fought 100 Uruks, did you guys assume every one of them died instantly to the rocks and swords?
Literally unwatchable!
He probably was hungry for a snack 

https://i.imgur.com/qr6ZXwp.jpg
What's the problem? Not everyone laying down is dead. Sometimes they're badly injured and almost dead. Reacted because someone jumped over them.
Good catch,  but I still like the movie. :) 
He was trying to get a sausage out of his shirt pocket
"Jesus Christ, Strider. Wash your balls once in a while."
Anyone else ever notice Gimli's boot fall off, I think in TTT?  It was mentioned in the extra material DVDs, but I can never unsee it now.
It's as they're running along the hills in.. Rohan maybe? Man I need to re-read the books.  I just bought one of the all-6-books-in-one-tome versions of the book, a lifelong dream, and I will begin reading it today on this lovely rainy Thanksgiving.  =D
He must've had Gimli's axe imbedded in his nervous system.
Aragorn is so light on his feet this Orc thought he was off the hook for a second
Aragon probably stomped his finger
Noticed that the first time I saw the film. And once seen it can never be unseen.
Lol the actor probably fell asleep and woke up when he felt Aragorn pass by like "oh shit what was that?"
"It's just a flesh wound!"
Rigor mortis setting in.
Lol ive seen that. Was so epic.

When youre watching RotK.  When Aragorn is fighting the battle troll look at the guy behind him.  Hes just shuffling left and right. 
Like okay i got you just gonna be behind you thouh aha
I got one *none* of you mentioned. When Aragorn is leading the hobbits out of Bree and Frodo asks "Where are you taking us?"

[As Aragorn says "Into the Wild", his bow hits the camera and moves it a fraction.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qofMAoY0Ts4)
"This scene over yet?"
This is creepy.  I literally watched this and notice this scene on Tuesday night. 
This isn't a mistake. In fact it would be more implausible if it was a battlefield littered with only corpses instead of dead and wounded both.
No, I refuse to believe it, the movies are perfect! :_(
Grima was indeed influenced by Saruman and functioned as Saruman's tool, influencing Theoden.
Saruman's greatest power was in his words, and though I'm not sure it's said anywhere, I believe he manipulated a weak minded and conflicted Grima, as well as using him to manipulate Theoden 
The game is awesome and super fun to play. Quality gameplay, quality graphics, and is still a blast to play even after all this time that it had been out.

But, to be quite frank, it absolutely butchers the lore.
If you want a more Lore compliant actiom rpg try War in the north for 360 or ps3.

Set during the quest, three playable characters: dunedain male ranger(hybrid tank/ranged) elven (loremaster/healer), dwarf (tank/ crossbow for range attack) ,co-op campaign, cameos by Elrond, Gandalf, Arwen, Halbarad, Aragorn, Gimli, Legolas,frodo, gloin, radagast, and there is a Area where you get to fight alongside the sons of Elrond. Also the a great eagle or three are available to aid as basically a summoning attack in several outdoor levels and they talk and you meet Gwahir the lord of the eagles.

You get to fight at some cool canon places Fornost, the barrow downs, mirkwood, and the trollfells amongst other place

Graphically its last gen but its also the first M(or 18+ game) with a LOTR setting, as you get ridiulously covered in orc And troll blood at times
Sorry dude.  SoM sucks from a lore point of view.

Awesome game though! 
Solid gameplay with really nice graphics but lore wise.. it's basically fan fiction.
The lore is fan-fiction basically. They blew a unique chance to bring some silmarillion content to the bigger crowds by instead creating their own story content, being the first game which was allowed to explore the world around LOTR (previously, either the Tolkien Society or movie license holders would largely prevent this). For a while you get a bit giddy at the new bits you read about the blue wizards and what not hoping that perhaps some would be unpublished information, until you realize that they made it all up themselves. And if it isn't by Tolkien's hand, it isn't really part of LOTR.

The gameplay is either your thing, or isn't. As opposed to some adventure games where your movement and attacks are fully free, you kind of 'stick' onto your enemies here, automatically approaching when closeby which to me made it feel a bit more arcade-like. It's either your thing or it isn't. The *intelligent monsters* system is overexadurated and is not the AI they made it sound to be, but rather is a lot of scripts for random events which can happen. It is however still fun.

Buy it when it's in discount, that's my advice. Keep an eye on it around christmas, they often discount many games then.
Fun game, but the lore is absolute tripe. It's basically just shitty fan-fiction.
As a basic lotr fan. I loved this game. It adds more lore to the game whether if it's entirely correct or not. In general it is. It's so epic in general. The gameplay is a bonus
https://heirsofdurin.files.wordpress.com/2013/09/bilbowithsmaug.jpg

Or even: https://heirsofdurin.files.wordpress.com/2013/09/dragonsketch.jpg
http://s4.photobucket.com/user/BB_Shockwave/media/Hobbit-Slag-The-terrible.jpg.html
Ungoliant looks terrifying! Love this work 
*air guitar*
~~No love for Grond?~~

Whoops I'm wrong. 
I love that design for Ungoliant; the arms are so off-putting and add a disturbing level to her that fits so perfectly with the necessary tone. 

Truly great work. I'd love to have a copy displayed. 
Drawing Balrogs with wings? I too like to live dangerously.
I said, out loud "Oh shit that's badass" to myself

Are there specific books on the rise of Morgoth or the lore of the dark parts of middle earth? I've only read the Hobbit and lotr, not read the Silmarillion yet.
Artist: [TSRodriguez](http://tsrodriguez.deviantart.com/) on DeviantArt.
I don't know why, but I love Morgoth's pose more than anything. Something about a very small man confidently standing up against a massive monster and saying "COME GET SOME"
I've never seen Ungoliant depicted with human arms before, is there a source for this or is it just something the artist thought up? Otherwise, this is the most amazing piece of Middle Earth artwork I've ever seen, I love it so much!
Woah, it looks awesome, i like it how it shows Ungoliant even bigger than Morgoth showing how powerful she was
What the shit is that supposed to be?
[deleted]
I know they still have the Hobbit ones up at Auckland International.  Not sure about  Wellington. I think they swapped it for a Smaug display? 
Was in Wellington last month and Gollum isn't there, sadly, but there are some cool eagles instead. Also be sure to check out Smaug at the Air NZ check in area. Smaug is easy to miss if you're only flying in to Wellington and not out
At Auckland Airport there is a gaint dwarven statue from the hobbit.
I'm fairly sure it still is.
Have a nice trip dude!
Hard to choose between the opening 10 minutes of the Fellowship, or the Ride of the Rohirrim in Return. 

Sorry to be the stereotype but just watching Theoden leading his people, into what he probably thought, was certain death and giving that fantastic speech... it's glorious to watch.

But the opening of Fellowship is the best summary you could've hoped for, so much information poured into 10 minutes which helped you dive into Middle-Earth and get a good feel for how the films would be. Difficult for me to choose between either one!
Boromir's death scene. 
Gandalf confronting Durins Bane, because he's not limited to his normal rules, and gets to unleash his full powers. Plus " You shall not pass" is one of the most epic lines ever.

I also love when Aragorn confronts the King of the oathbreakers and uses Anduril. The way he's laughing thinking he'll easily take out Aragon,  and the shock when he realizes who he is. Also just the badassness of Aragorn in that scene, he's finally stepping into his birthright and is not taking anyones BS "You will suffer me!"


Sams speech from the two towers. Chills even thinking about it.
 At the end of the followship when Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimil decide to go after Merry and Pippin. Also the iconic line of "lets hunt some orc" with the heroic theme in the background. Perfect ending. 
When both sam and frodo are exhausted climbing mount doom, and sam tells frodo, "I can't carry it for you but i can carry you" so awesome it always gives me chills
The scene right after the ring is destroyed. Sam and Frodo laying on the rocks in the middle of the chaos, talking. It's so sad and happy at the same time. I love when Sam talks about Rosie crying. And then the music, and the eagles. I'm not a movie crier at all, but this scene always makes me tear up a bit.
Faramir's charge of the light brigade with the intercut of Pippin singing mist and shadow to Denethor.

Aragorn at the black gate(minus the killing of the mouth of Sauron which is out of character for him and could be considered a war crime, as you do not kill heralds during a parley) especially "For Frodo" and the fact that the first to to charge with him are Merry and Pippin(who quickly get overtaken by everyone else).


"My friends, you bow to no one."  I know that literally isn't in the books but it tears me up every time because I know it captures the essence of Tolkien's message that the Hobbits are the true heroes of the story.  
Either Legolas and Gimli competing for the most kills or when the Nazgûl enter Bree and raid the wrong sleeping room. The first is a nice comic relief and the second draws a nice picture of the Nazgûl. And I liked that they tried to make you think that the hobbits are all still in there beds. 
What's yours?
The lighting of the beacons such a cool scene the mountains and theoden answering the call
Osgiliath is lost and cirith ungol massacre
"I return to you, at the turn of the tide."
The ride of the Rohirrim.  It gives me chills every time 


The deleted scene where Frodo lights Bag End on fire for insurance money.
The Council of Elrond. Delegates from every corner of Middle Earth coming together to discuss how they will deal with the greatest crisis ever faced, in the 3rd age at least. 


You have my sword, and you have my bow, and my axe. 


And when Pippin says at the end "Right...where are we going?"
This.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URmQXIeVpN8
Easy. Boromir's death. It is amazing acting and is one place where the movie is better than what is in the book.
Concerning Hobbits. The Shire is so pretty, and I liked the music in that scene.
Deleted scene where Aragon and Arwen pork.
I loved the scene with Sam's speech at the end of *Two Towers* as well as the entire Battle at Helms deep and Pelennor Fields (that's cheating I know). 

I also really loved Riddles in the Dark scene in *An Unexpected Journey* as well as that one scene in the movie where Lady Galadriel asks Gandalf "why the halfling?"
Someone mentioned this to you in the other thread, but your assertion that the way Shadow of Mordor treated Celebrimbor was correct 'in general' is, honestly, really, really, wrong.

Jackson's movies, in effectively erasing Celebrimbor from existence, were several orders of magnitude more correct about Celebrimbor's story than Shadow of Mordor.

You probably don't actually know anything about Celebrimbor besides that he was an Elf and he made the Three Rings, not if you're basing your information off Shadow of Mordor. You may think you know more, but that's precisely the problem. It's rubbish information.
No thanks.
I honestly think SoM is meant as fan fiction. It's an additional story set in the world of middle earth, it's not meant to be a fixed part of Tolkien's work. Sometimes Lotr fans are too hard on this game
Was it 2d and you looked at the characters from the side?
I believe it may have been a demo of the Return of the King game. I remember getting a demo of the game in a box of pop tarts around that time, and it sounds pretty similar to what you described.
Where did Sauron get that physical body?
That is AWESOME. Well done
The stylized flames are amazing, and I love how his "shadow" seems to flow out like smoke or flame itself. I love your interpretation! This is great work. Love all the small details you've included.
Something. Something. Wings. Something.../s

Seriously, though. Great work. I think you nailed it.
god damn thats so fucking metal
Now *that's* fantasy artwork. Non-derivative, well executed. Great work!
Amazing work dude!  I love the style and detail.   Thanks for sharing.
You also should post it on r/imaginarymiddleearth
This is beyond epic. Selling prints?
Wow this is crazy good. Do you have any other illustrations? Love the colour
This is a pretty good painting, but I wish people would try something other than what the movies did.
Awesome!
Incredible and unique. What software/methods did you use to create this?
Haunting in such a good way. Excellent work!
Very well done
Very nice! Did you happen to incorporate any inspiration from [Diablo 3 video game](http://blogs-images.forbes.com/insertcoin/files/2015/04/diablo-3.jpg)
This is great man. For your own reference in the future, the balrog in Moria is known as "Durin's Bane."
The only Dwarven book I think we see is the [Book of Mazarbul](http://tolkiengateway.net/wiki/Book_of_Mazarbul) and it doesn't have cripped corners. 
Red Book of Westmarch... It's the only other book that comes to my mind. It's not dwarven though. 
Give it a look anyways, end of last movie. Maybe it inspires you. 
Shot of the Book of Mazarbul and the Red Book, crap quality but oh well. http://imgur.com/a/0GZQY  Can't think of any other books from lotr, if i was more familiar with the Hobbit films I'd grab any from those for ya
We grind wicked asphalt for Gondor, and war!
Should x-post this to r/skateboarding 
Thus reminds me I need to watch it again
I've been wanting to do a re-watch before the year is out!

Pippin singing The Edge of Night always gives me chills -- I have very few complaints about the movie (even after re-reading the books twice this year). But the Hobbit movies...well...perhaps my criticisms are best left unsaid. Though they were pretty fun. My boyfriend has never read them, and is currently audio-booking them. I'm vicariously living through his experience. 

My tradition is to marathon them the day after Thanksgiving (US), sustained by leftovers. 
I would have made them longer xD
Nah, seriously they are really good, but imagine them with all the scenes that had to changed/cut short/left out. 
Anyways with them it would most likely be a 14h marathon and a pain to watch for first timers. Guess they would not have become so popular if they were an exact copy of the books. 
Nice! My 2 buddies and me turned on the extended ROTK this weekend and hunkered down with some beers and food. Turns out, I lost disc 2 so when it got to the part where the orcs start to bring up Grond, the screen went black and panic mode set in. 

Still haven't found disc 2, and it was the largest case of blue-balls I've had since my Jr Prom in high school. Black Friday can't come quick enough, 100% buying the trilogy again.
least: removal of tom bombadil(who is like bear guy in the hobbit...in a way) and lack of creepy forest (similar to forbidden forest in hp) with old man willow. come to think of it, hagrid is like a giant dimwitted tom bombadil. the entire arc between shire and bree was awesome.

best: creepy ghost cave but its unsettling how movie version tried to kill the guy they had been waiting for so that would make best their fight, so op

>I wanna get a one up on my friends that think Game of Thrones is bigger than middle earth 

You can tell them there is no comparison. George Martin isn't interested in worldbuilding for the sake of it. He's decent at the "iceberg effect" - making his world seem vast under the surface when there is in fact very little that isn't shown. He has admitted to inventing new vocabulary in the various languages as he goes along and needs them. "There are about ten words in Old High Valyrian, and when I need more I'll create them." Martin created the world for the story, Tolkien wrote the story to showcase the world. There is a lot more material about ME. 
Not a tremendous amount has been *written* about the time period following The War of the Ring. Almost all of the limited material that was written can be found in the appendices. One notable exception, Tolkien did begin work on a novel set in the Fourth Age called *The New Shadow*, however he abandoned the work early on, believing it to be too dark, and a tale not worth telling.

Although not much was written about the world during and after the Fourth Age, we actually know quite a lot about it.The Legendarium is intended to be a mythic prehistory of our world, and as such, all of our known history up to this very day is a continuation of the Story.

Final note, The Legendarium *is* larger and deeper than *A Song of Ice and Fire*, but the way to prove that is not by looking into the period after *The Lord of the Rings*. The **vast** majority of Tolkiens writing takes place before that.
There is a good deal more rings then the 19 mentioned in the poem. Before these were crafted the elven smiths were making many lesser rings. So it could have also been one of these. Also, Gandalf does not like to rely on things not 100% sure. So he goes and checks in Minas Tirth and afterwards does the final test by throwing it in the fire. 
I guess for the first while he must have assumed that Bilbo's ring is one of the lesser once. 
I think he had a suspision but wasn't sure. And he knew the ring would be safe in the hands of Bilbo wether it was the one ring or not.
IIRC, the major rings (the ones in the poem) all had gems. Minor rings, as well as the one ring, were unadorned. Gandalf assumes Bilbo's ring is a minor ring.
Just a little comment on the 9 rings for Men. They are with Sauron, he uses the rings to control the nazgul.
Just read through a lot of the comments, and I'm agreeing with a lot of it. One thing I wanted to add too, is that Saruman had also worked very hard to convince the White Council that the One had fallen into the Anduin and washed out to sea. Gandalf was suspicious of Bilbo's ring, but a man he trusted that he viewed as greater and wiser than himself told him the One was lost long ago, never to be found again. So Gandalf was worried about Bilbo's ring, but I don't think it was until around Bilbo's 111th birthday or a little before that he began to get really worried.
There are other rings besides the ones Sauron corrupted.  They just aren't nearly as powerful as those rings
*"The Nine, the Seven, and the Three"*, he said, *"had each their proper gem. Not so the One. It was round and unadorned, as it were one of the lesser rings; but its maker set marks upon it that the skilled, maybe, could still see and read."*

___________
I've always read this as meaning the following:

* There's the one ring, to rule them all.
* There's the three elven rings *Narya, Nenya* and *Vilya*.
* There's the seven dwarven rings.
* There's the nine rings of men.
* There's several lesser magical rings;

 Their power probably more nuanced when compared to the others, but no less dangerous if handled carelessly.
Mayhaps gifted to champions and individuals of unique character, perhaps simply gathering dust in places untouched and long forgotten. 

. 

Gandalf probably assumed Bilbo to own one such lesser ring. Dangerous in the hands of a powermonger, yet only a trinket in the hands of a happy-go-lucky hobbit, warranting suspicion but certainly no precaution. The one ring was thought lost, a magical ring could have made its way into Bilbo's hands.
This is explained by Gandalf in *The Shadow of the Past*.
Gandalf always suspected Bilbo had a ring, it was only when Bilbo used it to disappear that he suspected it was the "one" ring. After research he discovered a way to prove it and that was to throw it into the fire to see if the poem appeared engraved in the ring.
Also, the hobbit came out long before the trilogy did, and initially te ring was just a magic ring, that's all. So when Tolkien rewrote it a bit to expand on it being "the one ring" instead of simply a magic ring, he kind of left some f the older plot and stuff in. Kind of a small oversight, and Tolkien himself answers te question in fellowship, when it's explained that Bilbo had lied about he he got the ring, and it in general
I haven't read the books for awhile so I don't remember the details from that well, but in the Hobbit movies Gandalf suspected it was the ring Thorin's father had since it was the only one other than The One Ring that wasn't accounted for. 

But in a deleted scene Gandalf met Thorin's father and learns that he had lost his ring to Sauron. So Gandalf knew that The One Ring was the only one left so there was no reason he shouldn't have known. Peter Jackson making continuity errors in the Hobbit films? What a surprise. 
There are more than just the rings Celebrimbor and Sauron made, and Celebrimbor even made rings he didn't tell sauron about one of which Gandalf has
The one ring? Ice cream? It kinda rhymes, but I don't get it. 
First, Sauron didn't die when the ring was cut from his finger, he was actually nearly killed in the battle by Elendil and Gilgalad, and Isildur then cut the ring from Sauron's nearly lifeless body. 
 
Now, when Sauron made the ring, he poured his life force into it, so when it was destroyed, he was virtually destroyed as well. I say virtually because Sauron is a Maiar (like an angel), and cannot actually die. 
 

- **First Question**:

> So he died because the ring was cut off of him right?

He died by the hands of his two opponents Elendil and Gil-galad.

> Gil-galad and Elendil are slain in the act of slaying Sauron. (The Letters of J.R.R. Tolkien, letter 131)

In **The Council of Elrond**, Elrond says:

> I beheld the last combat on the slopes of Orodruin, where Gil-galad died, and Elendil fell, and Narsil broke beneath him; but Sauron himself was overthrown, and Isildur cut the Ring from his hand with the hilt-shard of his father's sword, and took it for his own.

The same is expressed in the following piece of text:

> at the last the siege was so strait that Sauron himself came forth; and he wrestled with Gil-galad and Elendil, and they both were slain, and the sword of Elendil broke under him as he fell. But Sauron also was thrown down, and with the hilt-shard of Narsil Isildur cut the Ruling Ring from the hand of Sauron and took it for his own. (Of the Rings of Power and the Third Age)

I would say Sauron died from his injuries. Isildur had cut the ring from Sauron's corpse.

- **Second Question**:

> Does that mean the ring was keeping him alive?

The Ring allowed him to rebuild himself. It held a great part of his power. As long as it was intact he was good. Even when the Ring was destroyed he was not completly annihilated.

> "he let a great part of his own former power pass into it, so that he could rule all the others." (The Shadow of the Past)

His body was actually destroyed by Elendil. He was able to rebuild himself because his power was still active in the Ring. After the Ring was destroyed and his new physical body destroyed in the destruction of Barad-dûr, he could not rebuild himself again being so diminished.

- **Third Question**:

> So if he took it off would he die?

No he would still be alive. In **Letter 131** Tolkien said, "*even if he did not wear it, that power existed in was in 'rapport' with himself: he was not 'diminished'*." (The Letters of J.R.R. Tolkien) He has a physical body throughout LotR and long before the events we partake of in the books. So he is clearly walking around without the One. Although he had gathered many of the other Rings of Power save the Three (held by the Elves and Gandalf) and four of the Seven (three of the Seven survived, the other four were consumed by dragon fires).

- **Fourth Question**:

> He didn't always have the ring how did he live then?

The Ring was a tool used by Sauron to dominate the wills of the Elves. Sauron is a maia, who're the servants of the Valar. He was a maia of the Vala Aulë before he turned to Melkor. The Valar and Maiar are Ainur who were around before the creation of the world, Arda. 
Well, I don't know about actual elf ears. You could try amazon, just make sure to look at the reviews. If you want a cheap way, just tape the edges of your ears together so it's pointed. I used scotch tape, and it worked surprisingly well. You can't see it, and after a few minutes, you don't really notice it.
His devotion to his fathers work is outstanding.   The Tolkien fans of the world really owe him a debt of gratitude for all the work he has done, and continues to do for the legacy of middle earth.   Can't wait for Beren and Luthien next year.
Only 19 years till his onehundredandeleventh birthday!
His work preserving, organizing, contextualizing, and interpreting his father's work is frankly one of the greatest works of literary scholarship ever attempted.
Without him, Middle-earth wouldn't be nearly the same. Happy birthday Christopher!
TIL I share a birthday with a Tolkien. Sweet. 
Thank you, Christopher, and happy birthday! 

Not that he'll ever read this, but still. He changed a lot of people's lives for the better.
I remember a number of years ago debating with myself whether I should read *The Silmarillion* as it was was edited by Christopher Tolkien and therefore not "truly cannon" in my eyes. What a foolish thought that was. *The Silmarillion* was itself one of the books I have most enjoyed, and I thank Christopher and J.R.R. Tolkien both for letting everyone see the depth of middle-earth.
There's only one way a 92 year old can look that young. Check his front pocket...
(づ｡◕‿‿◕｡)づ The Godfather of Middle-earth 
As someone from /r/all, I had no idea he was still alive. That's pretty cool. 
So I born on the same day with Mr. Christopher! He is just pretty much older than me:/
I have enormous respect for Christopher Tolkien. He has dedicated the last *40 years* to arranging, publishing, and explaining his father's vast collection of unpublished works.

It seems to me a thankless task in many ways. I often come across reddit and forum posts criticizing him, misunderstanding many of the recent publications as "money grabbing." They couldn't be more wrong.

If he wanted, he could have licensed the legendarium. Invited authors to write "new" Middle Earth adventures. Given his blessing to new movies about Morgoth, Feanor, Turin, etc.

That would have been a travesty. Instead, he has only ever tried to protect and enhance his father's literary legacy. 

Despite the fact that so much was left unfinished, or in disharmony, he has found ways to publish his father's writing without adding to it. The History of Middle Earth alone (a 12-volume set) is mind boggling. Staggering work of scholarship.

Happy birthday, Christopher.
Just for clarification 

J.R.R.Tolkien Released LOTR and other works and Anything Christopher releases is canon ?

What happens after Christopher dies ? can his son release Canon work ?
TIL I share a birthday with Christopher Tolkien. 
Why did I think he was dead? 

Will be forever grateful to him for editing and releasing the Silmarillion as we know it.
Someone ask him where he bought that tie. 
Bilbo Baggins Lives! 
Still says he's 91 on Wikipedia :/
Anyone want to fix?
Thank you for your devotion to the preservation of so much great writing, Mr Tolkien. I am indebted to to yourself & your father for creating one of the greatest worlds I have ever known. Your metaphors, your history, your people have shown me other sides of life in our own world & captivated me time & time again. Thank you, sir. 

So Long & Thanks For All the Fish, 
Lawrence Calablaster
Wow, I didn't know he was already so old, wow! Happy Birthday! : )
Wow, he looks so much like his father.
Happy birthday but ffs release the similarion (butchered the spelling) rights. So we see another film
Glad he loves his father's work. Just wish he wasn't such a cunt about "copyright infringement". Might not be him completely, but it is his estate's doing.
And I just started playing Shadow of Mordor.  
Happy Birthday Sir
Disowning his son was a real douchey move though.
Except it DOES show signs of wear.
Was the text originally visible? 
What? 
Rofl... what are you talking about?
I picked them up years ago, sadly without a CA... Happy to provide any info or photos and sorry if this is the wrong place... I don't have much information about these figures and how/if they were signed... It was an impulse ebay buy about 8 years ago I think... Any way to confirm these are real signatures? 
$0, you should give it to me.
I have these too so it can't be worth much 

Go buy medieval 2 total war on amazon and get the third age total war mod complete with MOS or divide and conquer (I prefer MOS). You will never need another Lotr game again (or probably any game ever for that matter).
Try [Sil](http://www.amirrorclear.net/flowers/game/sil/) if you like RPGs/roguelikes
I've been playing Lord Of The Rings Online off and on since it came out. Easily one of my favorite games. Tons of fun. So I say give that a try and see if ya like it :) 
Yes
It's not all that weird, a fair maiden being wooed by a heroic, mysterious (to her) figure that has saved both her sick uncle, and the entire kingdom in time of most dire need. Pretty much straight out of the fantasy rule book in terms of romance. 

Realistically, the Arwen/Aragorn relationship is the weirder of the two, but to me at least, it is also the more touching one. 
She liked him but I'm not sure that it was weird. Tolkien wrote about her love for Aragorn elsewhere.

> It is possible to love more than one person (of the other sex) at the same time, but in a different mode and intensity. I do not think that Eowyn's feelings for Aragorn really changed much; and when he was revealed as so lofty a figure, in descent and office, she was able to go on *loving* and admiring him. He was *old*, and that is not only a physical quality: when not accompanied by any physical decay age can be alarming or awe-inspiring. (The Letters of J.R.R. Tolkien, letter 234)

When she first encountered Aragorn "*she now was suddenly aware of him: tall heir of kings, wise with many winters, greycloaked, hiding a power that yet she felt. For a moment still as stone she stood, then turning swiftly she was gone*." (The King of the Golden Hall). The feelings she felt' "*her winter*" were on display in **The Passing of the Grey Company** and in **The Muster of Rohan**. She had desired to be a queen. 

When she did not answer her brother's call to go to Cormallen Faramir spoke to her;

> "you do not go because only your brother called for you, and to look on the Lord Aragorn, Elendil's heir, in his triumph would now bring you no joy. Or because I do not go, and you desire still to be near me. And maybe for both these reasons, and you yourself cannot choose between them. Éowyn, do you not love me, or will you not?"

> "I wished to be loved by another," she answered. "But I desire no man's pity."

> "That I know," he said. "You desired to have the love of the Lord Aragorn. Because he was high and puissant, and you wished to have renown and glory and to be lifted far above the mean things that crawl on the earth. And as a great captain may to a young soldier he seemed to you admirable. For so he is, a lord among men, the greatest that now is. But when he gave you only understanding and pity, then you desired to have nothing, unless a brave death in battle. Look at me, Éowyn!" (The Steward and the King)

This had been confirmed previously in Aragorn's remarks to Éowyn's brother Éomer in the Houses of Healing.

> I saw also what you saw, Éomer. Few other griefs amid the ill chances of this world have more bitterness and shame for a man's heart than to behold the love of a lady so fair and brave that cannot be returned. Sorrow and pity have followed me ever since I left her desperate in Dunharrow and rode to the Paths of the Dead; and no fear upon that way was so present as the fear for what might befall her. And yet, Éomer, I say to you that she loves you more truly than me; for you *she loves and knows*; but in me *she loves only a shadow and a thought*: a hope of glory and great deeds, and lands far from the fields of Rohan. (The Houses of Healing)

When Éowyn initially encounterd Faramir in the Houses of Healing she saw that "*here was one whom no Rider of the Mark could outmatch in battle*." (The Steward and the King) sort of like Aragorn. Faramir is the one who Pippin thought was a slightly lesser version of Aragorn.

> Here was one with an air of high nobility such as Aragorn at times revealed, less high perhaps, yet also less incalculable and remote: one of the Kings of Men born into a later time, but touched with the wisdom and sadness of the Elder Race. (The Siege of Gondor)

She was into both the King and his Steward.
crazy obsessed until she fell for faramir while in hospital.
In fact per the history of middle earth series she and Aragorn were going to end up together till rather late in the writing process.
The original artist is Nikol King.

Here's her blog:
http://nikolking.tumblr.com/


I just took creative license and modded it a li'l bit😅
Says the Iron Maiden?  
It's not clear that he ever was magically influenced. Wormtongue talked him into thinking he was weak and old (and he is pretty old) and that everything is hopeless (and it almost is).

Gandalf just shows him (maybe with a little nudge from Nenya?) that things aren't completely screwed yet and he isn't completely infirm
That never happens in the books, it's just PJ movie nonsense. I doubt there is any sort of real explanation for "how" it was done since it's only a movie thing.
If you're gonna read the books you should do the normal order of Hobbit -> lotr (including appendices) -> (if you still want more) silmarillion.

The silmarillion is not a novel, but it contains a creation story + history of the world that fleshes out the other books a lot. Also, you get to see Sauron rap battle with an elf lord.

Keep in mind tolkien's writing isn't for everyone. The beginning of lotr can be kinda dull on first reading, and the sil is a very dry, archaic style.

 Watch the lotr movies whenever you want. id recommend after the books, but I wouldn't blame you for going the other way round.
Read the Hobbit first. Then LotR. 
Honestly, read it all. Imo, read it before you watch the LOTR movies.Start with the Hobbit books, then LoTR and then the Silmarillion. Sil is a more in depth read, kinda like a history or religious text; and is more difficult. It is suggested to read through it last, because it is considered a more difficult read and may turn you away.

Alsi, welcome to the world Tolkien built, I hope you love it as much as I do.
Be prepared for some massive changes between the Hobbit and the movies.  Many of us really dislike the Hobbit movies.  

The Hobbit is by far the easiest of the book to get through.   The Lord of the Rings Trilogy has some long,  drawn out sections that quite honestly can get a bit boring,  but the story is amazing.   The books take some departures from the movies as well,  but I find them very enjoyable. 

The other material is great to read,  but reads like a text book.   Purely optional to the regular books,  but fell in a lot of questions 
I wouldn't recommend reading Silmarillion first. It will turn you off to the books (which would be a shame), because it is a tough read, with lot's of names, and a long history that is hard to understand at first read (or even second or third). I had it for years before I finally appreciated how great it is. Read in this order: The Hobbit (remember it is sort of a children's book, but an essential prologue to LOTR). Then read the LOTR trilogy, including the prologue, and "concerning Hobbits". Take your time and enjoy them. No rush. Then read the appendices in The Return of the King to fully realize the richness and depth of this incredible work of fiction. Languages, alphabets, lineages, pre-history, pronunciations--it's all there. If you are then (hopefully) totally hooked, read the Silmarillion to fill in the incredibly rich history of Middle Earth--from the Creation, to the time when Elves leave Middle Earth for ever--that LOTR tells only a part of. Trust me that you may need to re-read the Silmarillion to fully understand it, but it is so worth it, as it will enhance the richness of the LOTR. There is no other work of fiction that creates so complete a history and world.

Try to forget the movies. Sort of "The Hobbit meets Pirates of the Carribean". Not made for the true fan, but for the adventure movie masses. A disappointment, at least to me. Harry Potter movies did a much much better job at keeping true to the feeling and story lines of the books.
For reading, I recommend reading the Hobbit first, then the LOTR. After that, you have a few options with the Silmarillion, Children of Hurin, Unfinished Tales, etc. The Silmarillion I hear is much harder than the Hobbit and LOTR. I am about to start reading it now so I can't fully tell you how it is, but definitely start off with the Hobbit + LOTR first, then if you really love it, go to the Silmarillion
Read all of it.

The Silmarillion, The Hobbit, all 3 LOTR books. All of it. 

If you're up for the challenge read The Silmarillion first. It will set up the entire universe for you and I think you'll have a much better understanding of the timelines and what the fuck is going on in general once you get to The Hobbit and LOTR. 

I will warn you though that it is not an easy read at all. 
if you read the hobbit you will hate the trilogy.
Letters:

>'Sauron should be thought of as very terrible. The form that he took was that of a man of more than human stature, but not gigantic.' (10)


And he only has four fingers on one hand, where Isildur chopped it.

>'He has only four on the Black Hand, but they are enough.' 

---

>"In his actual presence none but very few of equal stature could have hoped to withhold it from him. Of ’mortals’ no one, not even Aragorn. In the contest with the Palantír Aragorn was the rightful owner. Also the contest took place at a distance, and in a tale which allows the incarnation of great spirits in a physical and destructible form their power must be far greater when actually physically present. Sauron should be thought of as very terrible. The form that he took was that of a man of more than human stature, but not gigantic. In his earlier incarnation he was able to veil his power (as Gandalf did) and could appear as a commanding figure of great strength of body and supremely royal demeanour and countenance. 



>was sauron in his physical form, as in a humanoid, within barad dur just planning the war and ruling mordor?  


Yes but he no longer had a "fair"/attractive form. interpret that as you will.  
>was the eye on top of barad dur literally his physical form until he retook the ring?  


That's just how it was portrayed in the movies. The eye was some sort of device or window in his tower as portrayed by pre-movie artists like in [Ted Nasmith's Nazgul](https://66.media.tumblr.com/f6b8b352e8fda3a8125d69afffc46c1d/tumblr_ns4b18o62C1qmmrpjo1_500.jpg)
The fiery eye is his corrupted use of a Palantír (and then its only occasionally mentioned). He has a physical humanoid form with a missing finger. Gollum tells frodo that when he was tortured the black hand has only four fingers. 
I too like Helm's Deep better 
Helms Deep just was something special in my opinion, the Gondor battles were great but I still can't remember the numbers but like 800 men vs 10,000 Uruk Hai was crazy. I also just liked the stronghold of Helms Deep a bit better. Two Towers was actually the first LOTR movie I saw so I think it will always hold a special place in my heart. I'm dreading/kind of excited for when the remakes happen.
In the movie definitely Helms Deep but in the book i gotta go with Pelennor Fields. 
I like the Rohan charge, but everything else is better in Helm's Deep
Helms Deep was amazing. The battle at Gondor was amazing, but something about that battle in Two Towers blew me away.
I too like Helm's Deep better 
marry her and never let go
Wow those are cool!

Can we get some pics of the inside?  Any illustrations? 
That's beautiful. Do you know where she got it?
I gotta get a boyfriend/ significant other like this.  I am more jealous than I have ever been in my life. 
Did she buy them with leather bound pounds?
I was not aware Veteran's Day gifts were a thing.
Google the ISBN number and see what comes up.  At the very least you should be able find it by searching by publisher.
https://www.amazon.com/Lord-Rings-volumes-set/dp/0618574999/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1479664599&sr=8-1&keywords=0618574999 Here is the amazon link
Nice Iron Rangers 
I bought the three books separately at Barnes and Noble.
Off topic - are those red wing IRs?
I bought this edition of Fellowship too because I liked the cover art.  I haven't been able to find them either, but the illustrator is John Jude Palencar.  (just found out he did the Eragon covers too). On his website I found the covers for Two Towers and Return of the King:  

http://imgur.com/H1cEDzy
http://imgur.com/9n0rcoe

Sorry for formatting I'm on my phone 
I have these, really good editions. 
Have you tried trolling PBS?
http://www.paperbackswap.com/Fellowship-Ring-Being-J-R-R-Tolkien/book/0618574948/
http://www.alibris.com/search/books/isbn/9780618574971?qwork=5725916


Isn't the Ringwraith meant to be riding a horsie?
Cuffing jeans :'(
I spotted this while on a road trip over the past weekend. The bottom of the door on the back says "not all who wander are lost". I believe the writing at the top of the door is elvish but I'm not sure. Can anyone translate it?
He inherited the Ring at 33, which is the age of adulthood for Hobbits. So because of not aging, he probably looks like someone on the edge of being an adult.
 isn't mid 40's young for hobbits? 
>"always portrayed"

As far as I can tell it's only Peter Jackson that portrays Frodo this way. 
I guess it gives a more dramatic effect towards their across the world adventure. 
Spend £50 get £10 off. LOTR collectors Christmas present sorted
Considering you can get just the extended LOTR blu-rays for £37, this is just a question of whether the Hobbit trilogy is worth £18.

I wish it was, but I think I'd be buying this boxset just for the sake of completion more than anything. Unless the Hobbit special features are particularly worthwhile?
Aww, that's kind of cute. Did you just not think about it or did you think it referred to another character?


>'But in any case,' said Glorfindel, 'to send the Ring to him would only postpone the day of evil. He is far away. We could not now take it back to him, unguessed, unmarked by any spy. And even if we could, soon or late the **Lord of the Rings** would learn of its hiding place and would bend all his power towards it. Could that power be defied by Bombadil alone? I think not. I think that in the end, if all else is conquered, Bombadil will fall, Last as he was First; and then Night will come.'

>'I know little of Iarwain save the name,' said Galdor; `but Glorfindel, I think, is right. Power to defy our Enemy is not in him, unless such power is in the earth itself. And yet we see that Sauron can torture and destroy the very hills. What power still remains lies with us, here in Imladris, or with Cirdan at the Havens, or in Lórien. But have they the strength, have we here the strength to withstand the Enemy, the coming of Sauron at the last, when all else is overthrown?'

With all this talk of The Lord of the Rings, The Enemy, our Enemy etc who did you think they were talking about? They mention Lord of the Rings and Sauron on the same page :)

>'Yes, I knew of them. Indeed I spoke of them once to you; for the Black Riders are the Ringwraiths, the Nine Servants of **the Lord of the Rings.** But I did not know that they had arisen again or I should have fled with you at once. I heard news of them only after I left you in June; but that story must wait. For the moment we have been saved from disaster, by Aragorn.'

Or even the title of Bilbo/Frodo's book

>Here Bilbo’s hand ended and Frodo had written:

>The Downfall

>of the

>Lord of the Rings

>and the

>Return of the King
You are not the only One 😀
I think I know what you mean. The Lord of the Rings is one of those phrases that, being so culturally ubiquitous, now refers only to itself. The Lord of Rings is the fantasy series by JRR Tolkien. If you've never seen the films or read the books you won't realise that Sauron is the eponymous lord, and even after experiencing the story the title still has this weird self-referential quality to it. I'm not entirely sure that what I'm saying makes sense, but that's how it seems to me.
Who'd you think it referred to? The bearers of the One other than Sauron (Isildur, Gollum, Bilbo, Frodo)? Those who did could not lord over the other Rings even with the One in their possession.
The books could alternatively be titled *Sauron:  That Time When the Whole World Bullied Up on Him to Destroy His Ring*
You seem like a very bright person.


>I am the only one who think that the Cinima Edition (172 min) have the perfect running time?.

Peter Jackson agrees with you.  That's why they are *Extended* cuts, not *director's cuts*. In the intro to the ext. cut he says the theatrical version is his preferred cut of the film. The Ext versions are purely for people who want more. 

What's the difference between the Blu-ray extended editions and the DVD extended editions? Anyone know?
Boil em
What's tater's precious! ; )
Po-Ta-Toes!
That's totally Awesome!!!!
My grandpa used to have that exact same thing. 
The double capital T bothers me more than it should. 
Boil em mash em stick em in a stew
Sauron: I see you. Aragon. Elessar. She will die. The light of the Even Star fades or something to that effect.
Linguist here: It's actually a couple of clips in different languages. The first clip is two lines from a Sindarin poem that appears fully in *Fellowship* :

0:31-0:35
"...Silivren penna miriel, /
O menel aglar enelath!"

--This is a weird choice, because it's from a hymn honoring one of the Valar. The **same** hymn that Sam partially quotes when using the Phial of Galadriel to fend off Shelob. I chalk it up to the moviemakers just needing audio besides the Ring's text, but if we take it at face value, it could potentially be Sauron mocking Aragorn with an Elvish hymn he surely knows.

0:51-0:55

--This is a clearer clip of the same line: "Silivren penna miriel," accompanying a view of fading Arwen, which might support the idea that Sauron is using this to mock Aragorn. After all, in *Fellowship,* the hymn is heard in Rivendell.

0:56-1:01

--This is a mishmash of words from the Black Speech text on the Ring, more recognizably in Sauron's voice. The only clearly audible phrase is "burzum-ishi," which is from the final line of the inscription, and means "in the darkness." This also falls, appropriately, over Arwen.

Hope this helps!
doesnt the dvd have subtitles? 
They are Tolkien's drafts and notes and some new essays, annotated by Christopher Tolkien. Very interesting if your interested in the writing process.

Did you know before Aragorn was written into the story the hobbits met an old Hobbit nicknamed Trotter in Bree? Named so  because he lost his feet being tortured in Mordor and wore prosthetic wooden feet?

That's the kind of stuff you find out.

Here,  have an excerpt - [the unpublished epilogue for Lord of the Rings where Sam discusses the story with his daughter Elanor.]( http://faculty.smu.edu/bwheeler/tolkien/online_reader/TolkienEpilogue.pdf)

If you've read The Hobbit and LotR and are looking for the next step read **The Silmarillion**.
http://tolkiengateway.net/wiki/The_History_of_Middle-earth

There's also:

http://tolkiengateway.net/wiki/The_History_of_The_Hobbit
ohhh...   rocket league.  nice!
Link?
New PC make sure to remove Cortana
I seriously hate lord of the rings, movies are damn good that I can't enjoy any other fantasy movie. God bless tolkien and peter jackson.
CSGO and rocket league? let's be friends
I've been using this for a while, it looks really nice with the icons hidden.
Nice! I have 5 images or so that mine cycles between. This is one of them. Also have some nice pictures of rivendell, the doors of durin, and the shire
Films To Watch: 

* Lord of the Rings

* Lord of the Rings

* Lord of the Rings

* Lord of the Rings

* Lord of the Rings

* Lord of the Rings

* Lord of the Rings

* Lord of the Rings

* Lord of the Rings

* Lord of the Rings

* Lord of the Rings

* Lord of the Rings

* Lord of the Rings

* Lord of the Rings

* Lord of the Rings

* Lord of the Rings

* Lord of the Rings

* Lord of the Rings

* Lord of the Rings

* Lord of the Rings

* Lord of the Rings

* Lord of the Rings


TY!
Awesome! :D
Lol this is mine too
Has been my phone background for almost 2 years now!
I have had that wallpaper before!
I'm VERY picky when it comes to my desktop wallpapers.  I just added half of these to my collection.  Good lord Denethor, what a great set of pics.
The recycle bin HAS to go in the bottom right corner. 
Watch out if you have an SSD. Spotify has an error where it does a ton of extra read / writes. This will prematurely shrink then kill your drive. 

Source: https://www.google.com/amp/www.digitaltrends.com/computing/spotify-app-writing-junk-data-killing-storage-devices/amp/ 

Edit: great picture :-) also Shadow of Mordor is great of you haven't played it yet
Previous sketches:
[Gandalf and the Balrog](http://manofaction42.deviantart.com/art/Gandalf-and-the-Balrog-570658829) 
[The Watcher in the Water](http://manofaction42.deviantart.com/art/The-West-Gate-of-Moria-570659794) 
Interesting take! Most people draw them as some kind of fruit tree (peaches or apricots, imo) because they were fruit bearing. I like this though.
I really fucking like your artwork. This style is so dope. Do you ever do contract work?
Very lovely!
Yeah originally she laughed him off.  He had to go run the Rangers before she would stop calling him a kid.
I don't find it weird. The assumptions we make about age and maturity in humans probably don't apply to elves. Amongst her people, Arwen is comparatively young. Amongst his people, Aragorn is considered old. They are both youthful in appearance despite their age, and they are both adults. It's okay.
Yeah, actually. In fact, I find it weirder that he was raised by Elrond and then ended up falling in love with a distant relative who was also Elrond's daughter. But I think that after a point it didn't really matter because they'd both found someone they could spend the rest of their lives with, and because elves look eternally young (Círdan being the possible exception). So even if Arwen was 1800, I assume her maturity was the same as Aragorn's after he'd come back from his quest. Perhaps elves just stop maturing after a certain period, rather than progressing past that to old age/senility. Haven't read HoME in years, so most of this is conjecture.

Plus, it's Tolkien. This is the man who brought us Beren and Luthien's Insta-Love.

That is the beauty of the series. It is weird, yes, but Aragorn was one of the greatest Men alive, and he was charming.

I don't see why Arwen wouldn't fall in love with him.
Elrond always told her "You can't start dating til you're at least 18 hundred."
The hobbits art the race that saved middle earth. Weirder things have happened.
Mature is relative. Cats can get pregnant at six months. Humans (20-25) mature faster than Elves (50-100). Melian was tens of thousands of years older (at least) than Thingol. Elrond was several hundred to a thousand or more years older than Celebrain. Lúthien was thousands of years older than Beren. Aragorn is a mature man. Arwen is a mature half-Elf. Regarding finding someone in all of that time, Elrond did not marry Celebrain until he was over 3600 years old. This tended to happen among the Dúnedain as well, who married late in life. Aragorn was near 90 when he got married. Boromir was over 40 and not yet married. His father got married when he was 46. The last king of Gondor got killed when he was 120 (or at least captured and killed later) and he was not married yet. The last king of Arnor did not get married until he was nearly 80.
Love is powerful, and strange. 
I for one will never listen to that music the same way. Thank you for sharing that! Also I totally agree about Howard Shore's musical genius. The film wouldn't be half the film it actually is without him.
There's actually a massive book out there about the Music of the Lord of the Rings by a guy named Doug Adams.  It explores lots of stuff like this, the different changes to themes, instrumentation choices, and things like that showing just how much thought Shore put into every part of the music.  Definitely worth a read.
The theme of the fellowship of the ring, is only heard once fully in all three movies, at the council of elrond. Every piece and instrument is present. 

After that, you never ever again hear the whole thing. It comes close a few times, but after the death of boromir, and further group splinters... You get the idea. 

The movies are full of little things like this, especially in the music realm. 
Howard Shore's work on LOTR alone convinces me that he's the greatest composer of our time, it's amazing what he managed to do with this score, and yet after LOTR he never produced anything even close to this level again, it's so weird
As a major fan of today's big score composers, this was a great thing to read and discover. 
This is the best thing I've read in ages thank you.
Pretty sure the theme that plays when Barad-Dûr collapses is in fact Sauron's theme in a major key, which makes it sound glorious instead of doom-y.
Thanks for posting this. 
I've always loved that moment.  Now I love it even more.  Thanks!
This is great, I really feel some kind of deep personal connection to this... Can't explain it. I'll just chalk it up to the beauty of music and especially that of Howard Shore's.
That is so awesome. I have pretty much zero music knowledge so I can't analyze things very well, so it's great to finally understand how (musically) that piece communicates that message. I think they kind of communicate the same thing with the visuals too-- Mordor loses that orangey harsh lighting, and I think it's the first time we see actual sunlight there. That moment where evil goes away and even Mordor becomes beautiful is just... wow. 
Y'all are being straight up dicks downvoting Murray who has different taste in music. I'd expect better from Tolkien fans. 
I noticed that part last time I did a marathon. Very emotional. 
The FFFF bass clef horn lines are so badass!
This is awesome, just like the rest of the music for Lotr - but I hope people do realize that the music for the Hobbit films is also awesome! 
*throws up the horns*  
  
Metal.
Could you post a section where we can hear that earlier variation, where the brass *is* discordant? I'd love to hear and compare them :-)
The ring isn't sending out homing signals. Later on Frodo is being hunted because there is evidence pointing Sauron's servants to him.

- Gollum sneaks into Mordor and is tortured, revealing ~~Frodo's~~ Bilbo's location in the Shire

- Hobbits in the Shire then give the Nazgul directions to Frodo's house! 

- After that they are tracked until Rivendell through mundane means. There's a lot of evidence that the Nazgul are just riding up and down the roads looking for signs of the party.
The movies cast a light of misunderstanding on how the One Ring works. 

The films would have you believe that each time the ring is worn, Sauron's attention is drawn in that direction; however, we learn in the novels that Sam puts on the ring after the fight with Shilob, and he is able to enter into the Tower of Cirith Ungol because of the invisibility the ring provides -- Sauron's attention is not drawn even though he is that close to Mordor. 
Gollum's uniquely long possession of the ring stems from two primary factors, but saying that the other possessors were hunted immediately is inaccurate.

The first is that no one knew that the ring had been found. Most of the leaders of Men and Elves figured that the ring had washed down the Anduin into the sea, lost forever. Saruman and Sauron knew that Isildur had been killed at Gladden Fields, so they painstakingly searched up and down the Anduin near there trying to find the ring. It wasn't until Gollum was caught near Mordor by servants of the Enemy that Sauron found out that the ring had been not only found, but was in the possession of Bilbo Baggins of the Shire. That's when the Nine left Minas Morgul in search of the ring.

The other factor was the almost absolute isolation that Gollum subjected himself to. After he came to be in possession of the ring, he went to the Misty Mountains and remained there until he lost the ring. There was quite simply almost no chance of Gollum being discovered or the ring found so long as he had it in the Mountains. That he dropped the Ring and Bilbo found it, is the only reason the Ring managed to leave the Mountains.

And, as I said, saying that Gollum was unique to holding the ring for a long period of time is inaccurate as well. There were only 7 people who had the ring since its creation: Sauron, Isildur, Deagol, Smeagol, Bilbo, Frodo, and Sam. Isildur might have lived a very long life and been corrupted by the ring, but walked face first into an orc ambush. Deagol was killed by his cousin almost immediately after finding it. Bilbo was in possession of the ring for over sixty years and never encountered any trouble because of it. Frodo and Sam were the only ones "hunted" for it and only because Gollum was caught skulking near Mordor and the Enemy had learned of the ring's recovery.
Bilbo finding the Ring more or less coincides with the White Council attacking Dol Goldur, which Sauron expected, and Sauron moved to Mordor and proclaimed himself openly. A long time after that he managed to torture Gollum to get the name and location of Bilbo. That is when the Ringwraiths started to search for the Shire.
I believe it is mentioned that sauron had been spending that time gathering his strength. Always looking for the ring but never being so bold as to send riders into civilization. As his strength developed, his confidence grew. IMO.
Do you want English in elvish text (Tengwar) or Elvish in roman letters or Elvish in Tengwar letters?

Also do you want Quenya elvish or Sindarin elvish?

The folks at /r/quenya and /r/tengwar can probably help,  anyway. 

Congratulations and good luck :)
Now might be a good time to read the Silmarillion. Then come back to LotR and you'll see all the references to the Sil.
This pretty much happened to me. I read the books for the first time earlier this summer (July), and last month I had this random itch to re-read The Fellowship even though I have like 15 books on my TBR list. Now I'm reading The Silmarillion. Oh well I don't regret anything haha.
Bloody hell, I'm jealous. I say go on to the Sil.
There is quite a lot of foreshadowing that you won't get on a first read, so it's definitely a good idea to re-read. Also read the Appendices, and perhaps check out the Silmarillion, because both those things provide a lot of background to reading LotR again.
i read the hobbit, then silmarilion, then i reread both.
Could you buy it off someone who has the boxset?
I own the set pictured above and there is no separate map. The map seen is the on inside of the front of the box that folds open. The map on the box however, is very nice, but not something you would want to frame. 
https://www.amazon.co.uk/Lord-Rings-Parchment-Map/dp/B009RT4VSW/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1479687791&sr=8-1&keywords=map+of+middle+earth Im not sure if this is what you're looking for but this is what i used to have, looked good i think.
looks good
While i find both storylines great,  i do agree that the parts with Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli are much more interesting(in the books and the movies).
The Tower of Cirith Ungol and The Decisions of Master Samwise are really the only chapters that I enjoy when it comes to their journey alone. 
 I think the first few bits after the perspective shift in TT are a bit dull, but once they meet faramir it picks up dramatically. the whole shelob/cirith ungol sequence is one of the most thrilling parts of the story to me.

I get where you're coming from though. I always rush merry and pippin's big dumb forest adventure. I like those parts fine, but dammit I wanna know what my boys are doing in rohan!
Best part of trilogy in my opinion. The other members of the Fellowship have strength, but that is not enough to withstand the One Ring. The real battle is Frodo's struggle with the corrupting influence of the ring and his journey into the heart of evil, the Land of Mordor. This would all ring hollow if Frodo's experience was anything less than what Tolkien put down. What I miss from the books that the films couldn't capture was the sense of time and distance. The journey of Frodo and Sam is long, and grueling, and you become numb to the anguish long before it's over. It is Tolkien's story of the Great War. 
They are the scariest, and saddest, most emotional parts. How anyone can't see these things in it is beyond me. They journey is hard for all, the journey breaks Frodo.
Yeah, I try to fly through the Sam/Frodo chapters as fast as I can so I can get back to Gandalf and Aragorn
I think those bits about Sam and Frodo have interesting bits, but I find myself re-reading the parts about the rest of the Fellowship in Rohan and Gondor much more often.
I used to feel this way (on my first read many years ago), but I appreciate Frodo and Sam parts more with each re-read.
What about the internal battle of Gollum vs smeagol, and different ways that Frodo and Sam react. It's critical to the whole story. Not as action-packed though admittedly.
Well, yes, now that I think of it. But it's not because they aren't interesting, it is because the other stuff is so good that it overshadows even the greatness of Frodo and Sam. 

Books 3 and 5 also break up a bit more, alternately focusing on Merry, Pippin or Aragorn. 
I enjoy both of them about equally. I get absorbed into both of the plots and at the end of each switch find myself wanting to continue with the current story, until the next one gets me hooked again.
I'm with you.  Those chapters are a slog.  Tolkien is perhaps too good at making the reader miserable (which was clearly the intent.)  

I have a 12 cassette Mind's Eye radio play of the LoTR in my car that I've been listening to on repeat for about 5 years (I'm on my 63rd trip through the thing... my car has no antenna, so no radio) and I pretty much skip the sides with Sam, Frodo and Sméagol because they're depressing and whiny.  Gollum in particular is a problem.  He's one of those characters like Hamlet or  King Richard III that just makes actors lose their shit and go full ham.

Also, I know the Mind's Eye radio play is deprecated by most fans in favor of the BBC radio play... but fuck that.  Though some of the pronunciations of the names are cringey... (*sah ROO Mon*), Bernard Mays did a fantastic job of adapting the LoTR for radio.  It hews much closer to the books than the BBC version and is one of my favorite things ever.
I'm actually the complete opposite. I found Sam and Frodo's parts in both The Two Towers and The Return of the King to be more interesting to read. Maybe it's Sam's comedic yet impactful dialogue or reading Gollum's lines with Andy Serkis' voice in my head, but I've gone back and read the second part of The Two Towers just because I loved their journey so much.
I have to admit, when I tried reading the series years ago, I only made it until halfway through The Two Towers before giving up. I'm giving it another shot now, so hopefully I'll be able to appreciate it more.
Yesssssssssss. Although I get the impression it's like this for a lot of people from what I've seen. I wonder if the change in pace (for lack of a better way of explaining) makes it harder to read? I know it does for me...
I like the quick pace of the fellowships journey and battles and info dumping regarding Gandalf, but I also appreciate the details and history that is present with Sam and Frodo. It is a lot slower pace so I can understand that it can feel drawn out and boring, but I like both equally for different reasons.
try reading the chapter 'Minas Tirith' in Return of the King. When it describes the city and the wall surrounding it and stuff, it's impossible to comprehend.
yep. kinda boring must do to finish. frodo was annoying to me and sam had a crush on him
To this day, despite my deep love for the books and the franchise as a whole, I cannot get through the spilt up format of TTT. The Sam and frodo segment is downright droll. 
Eagles are the messengers of Manwe.  Since Gandalf is really the only one that stayed true to his purpose on Middle Earth, I think it made sense for him to rely on their help.  Plus he saved Gwahir after he was shot with an arrow so that certainly helped.

Something on Gandalf's background: the Creator (Eru Ilúvatar) created the Ainur (more or less angels), and together they created the world. The most powerful of the Ainur were called the Valar, and they were the guardians of the earth. Then Eru created Elves and later Men. Those have mostly free will, but by the Third Age (the time of the events of LotR) their aid to Elves and Men is mostly just guidance. The Valar sent the Wizards to Middle-earth, who were not allowed to force people to fight against Sauron, but just to guide them.  Now Manwë is the most important of the Valar, and he is also the one who is associated with the Eagles (the Eagles of Manwë). The Valar debate how to protect the animals and the trees from people. (Yavanna and Kementári are names for the same person. Aulë is the one who created the mountains and the Dwarves):

>  That also shall come to be by the heed of Ilúvatar, and before the Children awake there shall go forth with
wings like the wind the Eagles of the Lords of the West.'

> Then Yavanna was glad, and she stood up, reaching her arms towards the heavens, and she said: 'High shall
climb the trees of Kementári, that the Eagles of the King may house therein!'

> But Manwë rose also, and it seemed that he stood to such a height that his voice came down to Yavanna as from
the paths of the winds.

> 'Nay,' he said, 'only the trees of Aulë will be tall enough. In the mountains the Eagles shall house, and hear the
voices of those who call upon us. But in the forests shall walk the Shepherds of the Trees.'

This is the story of the creation of both the Eagles and the Ents (Shephers of the Trees). 

Now the Valar don't interfere that much, but they still support the good guys. A couple of times when someone does something really heroic, the Eagles of Manwë come to aid them. You'll notice that in both The Hobbit and LotR, the Eagles only arrive after the good guys have decided to do the right thing. And Gandalf was also sent by Manwë, so they have that in common. The Valar will not fight the good fight *for* the good guys, but they aid the Free Peoples in more subtle ways, such as by sending Eagles and Wizards and the Sun and Moon. The winds also seem to change to suit the good guys, Aragorn is sped to Minas Tirith by a changing wind.
Gandalf had once saved the Lord of the Eagles from a poisoned arrow, and so they felt they owed him a few favors. He could not call on them at any time, and he had no power to command them.
Amazon.  Ebay.  Etsy.
In the Black Speech, no less.

Богатство :)
"Replica ring", yeah, nice try, Sauron. 
For a second, I thought you were such a superfan you had all the books in Elvish. I now realize that is Cyrillic. I am not a smart man.
Круто!
I think I know...but I'm not 100% sure. What language is that? 
I for sure thought this was Russian until I tried to read it and saw that what is called a hard sign (твeрдый знак) Is not used like a hard sign. I'm really not sure how you're supposed to read it in ..what is this, Bulgarian? 
Since my Bulgarian game is weak, are any of these "The Last Ringbearer"?
Birthday gift? Yeah right where's the body?
I have the Ring too
This is 100% movie stuff. Also, it doesn't make much sense.

In the RotK:

>‘A struggle somewhat grimmer for my part than the battle of the Hornburg,’ answered Aragorn. ‘I have looked in the Stone of Orthanc, my friends.’

>‘You have looked in that accursed stone of wizardry!’ exclaimed Gimli with fear and astonishment in his face. ‘Did you say aught to - him? Even Gandalf feared that encounter.’

>‘You forget to whom you speak,’ said Aragorn sternly, and his eyes glinted. ‘Did I not openly proclaim my title before the doors of Edoras? What do you fear that I should say to him? Nay, Gimli,’ he said in a softer voice, and the grimness left his face, and he looked like one who has laboured in sleepless pain for many nights. ‘Nay, my friends, I am the lawful master of the Stone, and I had both the right and the strength to use it, or so I judged. The right cannot be doubted. The strength was enough - barely.’

>He drew a deep breath. ‘It was a bitter struggle, and the weariness is slow to pass. I spoke no word to him, and in the end I wrenched the Stone to my own will. That alone he will find hard to endure. And he beheld me. Yes, Master Gimli, he saw me, but in other guise than you see me here. If that will aid him, then I have done ill. But I do not think so. To know that I lived and walked the earth was a blow to his heart, I deem; for he knew it not till now. The eyes in Orthanc did not see through the armour of Théoden; but Sauron has not forgotten Isildur and the sword of Elendil. Now in the very hour of his great designs the heir of Isildur and the Sword are revealed; for l showed the blade re-forged to him. He is not so mighty yet that he is above fear; nay, doubt ever gnaws him.’

>‘But he wields great dominion, nonetheless,’ said Gimli; ‘and now he will strike more swiftly.’

>‘The hasty stroke goes oft astray,’ said Aragorn. ‘We must press our Enemy, and no longer wait upon him for the move. See my friends, when I had mastered the Stone, I learned many things. A grave peril I saw coming unlooked-for upon Gondor from the South that will draw off great strength from the defence of Minas Tirith. If it is not countered swiftly, I deem that the City will be lost ere ten days be gone.’

Aragorn already knew of the decision Arwen would have to make. About sixty eight years before when he first met her this conversation happened between him and his uncle.

> "She is too far above you. And so, I think, it may well seem to her. But even if it were not so, and her heart turned towards you, I should still be grieved because of the doom that is laid on us."

> "What is that doom?" said Aragorn.

> "That so long as I abide here, she shall live with the youth of the Eldar," answered Elrond, "and when I depart, she shall go with me, if she so chooses."

> "I see," said Aragorn, "that I have turned my eyes to a treasure no less dear than than the treasure of Thingol that Beren once desired. Such is my fate." Then suddenly the foresight of his kindred came to him, and he said: "But lo! Master Elrond, the years of your abiding run short at last, and the choice must soon be laid on your children, to part either with you or with Middle-earth."

> "Truly," said Elrond. "Soon, as we account it, though many years of Men must still pass. But there will be no choice before Arwen, my beloved, unless you, Aragorn, Arathorn's son, come between us and bring one of us, you or me, to a bitter parting beyond the end of the world." (The Tale of Aragorn and Arwen)
I've flicked through the *Letters of JRR Tolkien* for you and can say that the answer doesn't seem to be there. If the answer is anywhere,  it will be in the *History of Middle Earth* books, which contain all of Tolkien's drafts and notes. . Unfortunately I only have volume IX, and I think FotR is covered in volume VI.

You might have a little more luck over in /r/tolkienfans, where people are a bit more book focused,  and I know at least a few people have the full HoME set.
Sounds like Kipling 
By the Third Age, Beleriand had been sunk beneath the sea, so the Blue Mountains, which had been far inland, are now close to the coastline.

[This post](https://www.reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/1khgtf/on_the_subject_of_maps_good_and_bad/) sums up the changes in geography nicely.
Its the same mountain range. Beleriand sank during the War of Wrath, so the blue mountains are closer to the sea from the second age onwards.

 I believe Lindon (directly to the west of the mountains) is what used to be Ossiriand.
Great story. What river was this?  IIRC Jackson used several rivers to represent Anduin at different points.
Great read. Thanks
It was meant to be.
He's referring to Eru Iluvatar. Eru interfered slightly in a few key moments; one of those was Bilbo finding the ring. Another is when Gollum fell into the Crack of Doom, for example.
>‘A Ring of Power looks after itself, Frodo. It may slip off treacherously, but its keeper never abandons it. At most he plays with the idea of handing it on to someone else’s care - and that only at an early stage, when it first begins to grip. But as far as I know Bilbo alone in history has ever gone beyond playing, and really done it. He needed all my help, too. And even so he would never have just forsaken it, or cast it aside. It was not Gollum, Frodo, but the Ring itself that decided things. The Ring left him.’
‘What, just in time to meet Bilbo?’ said Frodo. ‘Wouldn’t an Orc 
have suited it better?’

>‘It is no laughing matter,’ said Gandalf. ‘Not for you. It was the strangest event in the whole history of the Ring so far: Bilbo’s arrival just at that time, and putting his hand on it, blindly, in the dark.
‘There was more than one power at work, Frodo. The Ring was trying to get back to its master. It had slipped from Isildur’s hand and betrayed him; then when a chance came it caught poor Déagol, and he was murdered; and after that Gollum, and it had devoured him. It could make no further use of him: he was too small and mean; and as long as it stayed with him he would never leave his deep pool again. So now, when its master was awake once more and sending out his dark thought from Mirkwood, it abandoned Gollum. Only to be picked up by the most unlikely person imaginable: Bilbo from the Shire!

>**‘Behind that there was something else at work, beyond any design of the Ring-maker. I can put it no plainer than by saying that Bilbo was meant to find the Ring, and not by its maker. In which case you also were meant to have it. And that maybe an encouraging thought.’**

As /u/willie9 says, this is referring to Eru Illuvatar, who is also known as God. As in, the Christian God. Note, in the book this takes place in the Shire when Frodo and Gandalf have a long conversation and Sam is eavesdropping outside the window, not in Moria.


What is "Reader's companion"?
it looks like a chapter by chapter explanation of what's happening in the book. this is from the inlay:

> In The Lord of the Rings: A Reader's
Companion internationally acclaimed
scholars Wayne G. Hammond and
Christina Scull examine Tolkien's
epic work chapter by chapter, offering
expert insights into its evolution,
structure, and meaning. They discuss
important influences on its development,
connections between that work and
other writings by Tolkien, errors and
inconsistencies, significant changes to the
text, and archaic and unusual words used
by Tolkien. Thousands of notes, keyed
to standard editions of The Lord of the
Rings but universally accessible, reveal
the richness and complexity of one of the
most popular works of fiction in our time.
Extensive reference is made to writings
by Tolkien not previously or widely
published, including elaborate time-
schemes, an unfinished manuscript index
to The Lord of the Rings, and most
notably, the important Nomenclature or
guide to names in The Lord of the Rings
prepared for the use of translators, long
out of print and now newly transcribed
and printed in its entirety.
With these resources at hand, even the
most seasoned reader of The Lord of the
Rings will come to a greater enjoyment
and appreciation of Tolkien's magnificent
achievement.
Put a ring on it. Not *that* ring. But a ring.
Do you have the ISBN# for this set.  I've been wanting a copy for a while but it seems tough to find here in the US.  It would make a good Chistmas gift for some friends of mine. 


^(and maybe I'll pick up a set for myself ;p)
Whoah...did not know this beauty existed!  Thanks for the tip, and congratulations.  One girlfriend to rule them all.
The thumbnail makes the Reader Companion look like an Xbox 360 with a red ring of death.
Is this on amazon.ca? I found the [trilogy](https://www.amazon.ca/Lord-Rings-J-R-Tolkien/dp/0261102389/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1479398197&sr=1-1&keywords=lord+of+the+rings) and the [Reader's Companion](https://www.amazon.ca/Lord-Rings-Readers-Companion-Anniversary/dp/000755690X/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1479398305&sr=8-1&keywords=lord+of+the+rings+a+reader) but not both together. Haven't read the books yet so, this will be a nice addition.
you have the best Girlfriend in the World :P
Awesome gf indeed. Must marry.
Goodness! I've been looking for one of those everywhere without any luck! 

Where do you find a girlfriend like that? 
May I ask where she got it? I'd love to buy the same one. All I can find are the normal paper-backs. They look nice and all, but this is just really elegant :D
Marry her Dude !
"A Box with Books"
I've been looking for a specific  boxed set with linen covers. These http://rebloggy.com/post/mine-the-hobbit-lotr-book-books-the-fellowship-of-the-ring-gandalf-the-return-of/72966068463

But can't find them anywhere.
You're a lucky guy! 
Where can I purchase this?! 
November 17? Me to 
I've been wanting to get that edition for myself and for my boyfriend! You're very lucky! :)
[Here, have this as the perfect commentary on that series.](http://www.revolutionsf.com/article.php?id=953)
Those are nice.  
That's very nice.  I hope they have similar books for the Silmarillion and The Hobbit.  Those are cannon too.
Nice! My sister got these for her birthday as well
It's a fantastic set. I love mine.
she is the one man, don't ever let her go
I just added this to my Christmas wish list. These are gorgeous. Hope you enjoy them, and happy birthday!
It looks absolutely beautiful. Treasure it <3
very lucky guy, I had to buy it myself. a great collection indeed
Marry her.  Immediately.
jelly af
Marry her.
Never come across *The Readers Companion* before. Is it any good?
Very nice edition, what`s in the "reading  companion" volume?
Hey it's me your girlfriend, i'd like my books back
I'm... Kind of jealous...
Awesome to see they have made the movies into books!
Ahhh wow that's so cool I love game of thrones!
Straight up wife material
You mean your mom? You don't have a girlfriend. 
Your gf is fat
Elves are bound to Arda (earth) while Men's souls get to leave it when they die, to an unknown afterlife. Arwen chose to be mortal, so she supposedly shares an afterlife when Aragorn died. Arwen went to Lothlórien after Aragorn was gone and laid down, and there she died.

The pendant is not in the book as such (I think Aragorn even drops it in the movies, and it breaks?), but there is something like it:

> 'Yet maybe this will lighten your heart,' said Galadriel; `for it was
left in my care to be given to you, should you pass through this land.' Then
she lifted from her lap a great stone of a clear green, set in a silver brooch
that was wrought in the likeness of an eagle with outspread wings; and as she
held it up the gem flashed like the sun shining through the leaves of spring.

> 'This stone I gave to Celebrían my daughter, and she to hers; and now it comes
to you as a token of hope. In this hour take the name that was foretold for
you, Elessar, the Elfstone of the house of Elendil!'

So he receives a brooch belonging to Arwen, though it was given by Galadriel. Also, Aragorn gives the Ring of Barahir to Arwen, and that Ring was made by Elves long ago, and became a heirloom of Aragorn's ancestors. 
His name was Haldir. He only shows up at Helm's Deep in the films, in the book he is the border guard that finds them as they enter Lothlórien. He blindfolds them and leads them to Caras Galadhon.

Elven reincarnation doesn't exactly work the way you are imagining it though. When an Elven fëa (spirit) is rehoused, it's done in Valinor (a land very far away from Middle-Earth). It's exceptionally rare for an Elf to die in Middle-Earth and then return from across the sea after being reincarnated. In the film, Aragorn's anguish makes sense as he, being a man, will never be able to see Haldir again.
His name was Haldir.  Elves don't just "come back."  He died. 

Note: Elves at Helm's Deep is a movie only thing.
Barad-dur in Mordor(big Sauron eye), Orthanc(Sarumans tower in Isengard).
* Elrond never led Isildur to the Crack of Doom like in the films.   

* Isildur had a legitimate claim on the Ring as weregild for his fater and brother.  

* Killing the King of Arnor is probably not a good idea. The act of killing Isildur to take the Ring would have likely corrupted Elrond in addition to starting a another war anyway.

* It was not known how the Ring's continued existence would sustain Sauron indefinitely. 


Another thing: Isildur was a descendent through many generations of Elros, Elrond's brother, who chose to be mortal and became the founding king of Númenor.
Tolkien did not write anything about these sorts of details.  He was generally uninterested in the day-to-day life of any race.
I had never seen one like this. It's gorgeous
nice one :)
I have this exact same edition I found at a second hand store! Although I don't have the case I love it!!
$27 for anyone interested:
https://www.amazon.com/dp/0395193958/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_UVIlyb733S7ZZ
The Red Book of Westmarch edition. I got it as well. Never opened it since I want it in pristine condition. I got the paperbacks for my annual re-reads.

EDIT: Actually, I opened it once to see the illustrated map but that's it.
I think your *mum* was my theatre teacher.

That's a nice edition. I myself own the one with the blue spine and the illustrations by Alan Lee: http://www.bookdepository.com/The-Lord-of-the-Rings-J-R-R-Tolkien-Alan-Lee/9780007525546?ref=grid-view
Not wanting Sam and Frodo to use the stairs might be different if the fellowship is intact. If the whole fellowship is around Shelob isn't as big of an obstacle. 

Maybe Tolkien wrote it in a letter, but I really do not think Gandalf thought that far ahead. 

However... if the fellowship never broke. Going through the front gate may have been the plan.

Possibly Rohan would've fallen. Gondor would have felt pressure from Sauron and Saruman. It may have left the front gate open enough for the fellowship to slip through. 
I've always wondered that too. He put a lot of pressure on two hobbits. If they would've gone straight through the gate they would've gotten fucked.
Tolkien never told us. I don't think he had thought it through that far. He was writing a story about small people toppling the designs of the mighty, so by definition Gandalf *couldn't* be there. Since he couldn't, there was no need to come up with a plan for him to work towards.

We can speculate. Gandalf was a Maia, the same order of creation as Sauron and the balrog. He wasn't as powerful as Sauron, but he had a pretty good idea of what Sauron had in his trick bag. Gandalf had resources not available to the others - such as the friendship of the eagles. The obvious move was to get himself and Frodo into northern Ithilien via the River, well north of Minas Morgul and with Orodruin between them and Barad-Dur, then have eagles fly them to the mountain, protecting against the only real risk - Nazgul attack. Sauron would have very little time to bring Nazgul south from the gate, north from Minas Norgul, or to send them from the Tower. Odds are they could be on the mountain before they could be intercepted.

The hardest part would be for Gandalf to ensure that Frodo gave up the Ring, once there. Gandalf would have his experience with Bilbo to guide him in that, but it was the place that the Ring was strongest and that Sauron's will would be strongest, too, once he became aware of the danger.

But that wasn't the story Tolkien was telling.

So really, Gandalf literally had no plan.
Hopefully the Eagles
 I loved the first two games but I don't know how successful they were since their servers were brought offline for both consoles and pc a long time ago. I'm pretty sure EA lost the rights to the games too, which is why if you want to buy bfme2 on pic you could be looking at paying £100
I played the first Battle for Middle Earth so much. I liked the second one but something about the first one was just great. I still play it from time to time 12 years later. I wish the battles could have been a bit bigger but that may be my favorite game of all time, given the amount of time I spent playing it.
In the end *The Lord of the Rings* is essentially a story about death.
There are so many amazing themes in LOTR.  If you want to go deeper into the concept of death in Tolkien's legendarium read about the concept of [the Gift of Men](http://tolkiengateway.net/wiki/Gift_of_Men).  Mortality was given to men which made them greatly distinct from the Eldar.  For the Eldar were bound to Arda as long as it endured and the continual corruption of Arda through the forces of evil and the decaying of all things beautiful was to them a great grief.  So the sorrow of the Eldar grew through all the long years of Middle-earth.  Men, however, are not bound to Arda and were blessed by Eru Illuvatar to depart from the world in spirit.  Like all things in Middle-earth, the powers of darkness twisted the minds of men to view this as a doom rather than a gift and eventually Men began to fear mortality and viewed it as an enemy.

Aragorn was descended from a long line of Numenorean kings through which was preserved the true knowledge of the gift of Eru and so as a result welcomed death at the end of his long life.  This is especially poignant when you consider Tolkien's religious beliefs.  The death of Aragorn can be compared to the death of King David in the Bible.  First Chronicles 29:26 says that *David the son of Jesse reigned over all Israel. The time that he reigned over Israel was forty years. He reigned seven years in Hebron and thirty-three years in Jerusalem. Then he died at a good age, full of days, riches, and honor. And Solomon his son reigned in his place.*  The Bible tells us that because of sin we also fear death just as Men in Middle-earth do.  But for the one who trusts in God and is righteous before God death holds no fear because we leave the world full of sin and evil and go to be with God.  Death for Christians is a doorway to something better.  I think that this is what Tolkien was trying to convey through the theme of death and mortality in Middle-earth.
Unlike the Elves,  all things pass. 😞
http://faculty.smu.edu/bwheeler/tolkien/online_reader/TolkienEpilogue.pdf

Here's something more. A final unpublished chapter/epilogue Tolkien intended to put after "Well, I'm back".
But Aragorn, as the last of the Númenoreans (in his own words), gives up his life willingly. Arwen at last understands why Men don't like their mortality. She goes to Cerin Amroth in Lothlórien to die, the places were they pledged troth long before. Remember when the Fellowship arrives in Lothlórien? Here Frodo comes to Cerin Amroth (the hill of Amroth):

> At the hill's foot Frodo found Aragorn, standing still and silent as a
tree; but in his hand was a small golden bloom of elanor, and a light was in
his eyes. He was wrapped in some fair memory: and as Frodo looked at him he
knew that he beheld things as they once had been in this same place. For the
grim years were removed from the face of Aragorn, and he seemed clothed in
white, a young lord tall and fair; and he spoke words in the Elvish tongue to
one whom Frodo could not see. _Arwen vanimelda, namárië!_ he said, and then he
drew a breath, and returning out of his thought he looked at Frodo and smiled.

> 'Here is the heart of Elvendom on earth,' he said, 'and here my heart
dwells ever, unless there be a light beyond the dark roads that we still must
tread, you and I. Come with me!' And taking Frodo's hand in his, he left the
hill of Cerin Amroth and came there never again as living man.

If you liked the Appendices you might like the Silmarillion as well. It has the history of the ancestors of Aragorn and Arwen, and near the end is the Akallabêth, the story of the Downfall of Númenor and how they struggled with their mortality. And the story of Aragorn and Arwen is vaguely similar to the story of Beren and Lúthien, a mortal and an Elf. Aragorn tells a short version of their story when they are at Weathertop. A longer version is in the Silmarillion.

And if you read the Silmarillion, make sure to read LotR again. It's a different experience.
These are Trees of Valinor inspired pendants I make. Tolkien is my all time favorite author, I cry every time I finish The Children of Hurin :(
I hope you like the pendants :).
I would like to buy all of those. Do you have an etsy store?
Take all my money now.
Link link link pls! TY
Please link me!
If I had a SO...
Link please
That's evil as fuck dude. Also, awesome. That guy did great work.
Holy shit those are really fucking good tattoo's.
Wow the detail on these is amazing! Where did you get them done?
Are...are you the baddie?
daaaaammmnnn id be proud to have those sick tattoos, grats!
What? No love for the Witch King? 
Sauron looks amazing, and The Mouth gives me the creeps as usual.
Sick! Frikkin rad man!
Now go to a church sleeveless.
That's metal as fuck and I love them!
Actually impressed. Those are really cool.
I don't really understand why someone would ever want the embodiment of evil forever colored on their arm. But hey, it looks super badass.
Was there ever a deleted scene from the film with the Mouth of Sauron?
Amazing!
These are fucking nice! How many hours total?
Wow... 

you got a tattoo of the literal Eye of Sauron. 
Holy hell those are some killer tattoos. Seriously amazing work. 
Now Witch king on right calf and Balrog on left
Damn, that's talented work. Really cool
Wow that is so insanely good.
Now you need morgoth on the chest. 
Insane, crazy awesome 
SO COOL. I'm dying to finally get some LotR tattoos
Sick!
Great artwork. I still think tattoos are dumb, however.
I geeked out. This is fucking beautiful. 
The pitting on The Mouth of Sauron's helm and the detail in the Cirth, man that guy did an outstanding job. 
I loooove them! I'm very picky with tattoos (as I imagine most people are) but I'd happily have these on my body. 
Holy shit, that is amazing
Some death grips level tats 
Some death grips level tats 
Awesome.  Now balance the other side with some Elvish goodness.
What is the misprint? 
Galadriel (Cate Blanchett), and yes.
You're referring to Galadriel and she is one of the three mightiest Elves ever in Arda. The other two are her uncle Fëanor and her cousin Lúthien. She was one of the leaders of the Rebellion, and in one version of the events she fought against her uncle's host to defend her kinsmen in Alqualondë from slaughter. This is really the only instance shown of Galadriel in actual combat. Yet it is pointed out that she did not lack for combat skills as she had been compared to the captains of Gondolin, nor did she lack for physical skill/athleticism as she could compete with the athletes of the Eldar. In fact she was known as Nerwen, man-maiden. So much did she stay away from combat in Middle-earth she had been compared to Manwë.

> Galadriel, the greatest of the Eldar surviving in Middle-earth, was potent mainly in wisdom and goodness, as a director or counsellor in the struggle, unconquerable in resistance (especially in mind and spirit) but incapable of punitive action. In her scale she had become like Manwë with regard to the greater total action. [The Istari]

However, she is an Elf. As a rule the Ainur are mightier beings than Elves. You might gauge what she can be capable of from her lesser, or near equal peers.
Galadriel is powerful for many reasons, she is one of the few elves left in Middle Earth who was born in Aman, the continent across the sea where the Valar(who are a cross between archangels and norse gods), and the maiar(lesser angelic beings like Gandalf, Sauron, Radagast, and Saruman) live. She is one of the three oldest elves in still living in middle earth at the time of the films, the others being her husband Celeborn and Cirdan the shipwright.

She is also of some of the highest bloodlines of all the elves she is a grandaughter of Finwe, the High King of the Noldor Elves, as she is the daughter of FinFarin. This makes her the niece of Feanor, the elf who made the silmarils and also the niece of Fingolfin, the second high king of the noldor.

On her mother side she was the grandaughter of Olwe, the king of the teleri elves of Aman, which makes her a great niece of King Thingol of Doriath and cousin to Luthien.

So she is grandaughter to the of the elves who awoke at The lake Cunivein when the stars were kindled and who led their respective clans across middle earth to be taken by the Valar to Valinor.

Galadriel belongs to the third generation of the elves she was raised in a place that was practically a paradise amongst being of abilities equaling or surpassing Gandalf.

She is also the maternal grandmother of arwen as Galadiel and Celeborns daughter Celebrian, was Elronds wife.
If you want to enhance your LotR experience:

- Consider a read of the Silmarillion. It will help explain the roles and origins of the Elves, Wizards, Sauron etc

- Consider listening to [this podcast series](http://tolkienprofessor.com/lectures/courses/the-undergraduate-tolkien-survey/), recorded at a Washington College Tolkien literature course. It is extremely informative and helps tie the Silmarillion material and Tolkien's ideas into the text. Start [here](http://tolkienprofessor.com/audio/class_22.mp3). Ideally you read the page suggestions (e.g. pages 1 - 63 for the first session) then listen to session in question.
Have a Middle Earth map handy. I didn't check the map when I first read them when I was younger and had no clue where anything was.

Read (some of) the appendices. Interesting stuff there.

If you *really* like lore and mythology, you might want to try some of the extended universe, like the Silmarillion. Personally I'm not a huge fan of it, kind of dull and aimless, but to each his own.
I'd say do not skip the appendices, pay attention to the bits of lore you will come across such as with Tom Bambadil about the Kings of Men in the North, or Boromir's various nuggets of Gondorian beliefs. Faramir gives a history lesson on the King's of Men to Frodo. Pay attention to A Shadow of the Past, and the Prologue.
You could try getting hold of a copy of:

http://tolkiengateway.net/wiki/The_Lord_of_the_Rings:_A_Reader's_Companion
I love the beginning of Fellowship. Everything in the Shire and Rivendell.

And i adore the finale of Return of the King. The emotion of the ending of an epic journey is brilliantly displayed and always makes me cry.

However Two Towers is my out and out favourite. Rohan is my favourite place in Middle Earth and i feel PJ got the tone of it absolutely bang on. Meduseld is beautiful. The music Howard Shore created for Rohan is stunning. 

I think Andy Serkis is at his best here. Displaying both sides of Smeagol throughout the film.

The Battle of Helms Deep is incredible, and, in my opinion, way better than any battle in RotK.

The sacking of Isengard is excellent and so therapeutic after the Hell Saruman has spread throughout FotR and TTT. 

This film introduces the Ents, which if you don't love then you don't belong here.

And to top it off this film has the single best use of a helicopter shot outside of The Shining. That sweeping mountain view as Legolas, Aragorn and Gimli chase the orcs is both breathtaking and stunningly immersive.

If i could only ever watch one of the trilogy for the rest of my life it would have to be this one. I just love everything about it. (Also it doesn't have giant spiders, which is a big plus.)


Yep, Fellowship is my favourite too. I adore TTT and RotK but I really like the tone and setting of Fellowship and the introduction to Middle-Earth. 
The second one is definitely my favorite. The build up to the battle at Helms Deep was really hype. Although the scene in Rivendell where they're discussing about who and how to get the ring to Mordor is one of my favourites from the whole trilogy

Seeing Frodo trying to speak up while everyone else is talking over one another..then seeing the change in Gandalf's facial expression afterwards. That scene gives me goosebumps every time!
Fellowship is a 10/10

TTT and RotK are both 8/10s.
FotR, absolutely. It has a lot of the levity and  light humour present in both the book and the Hobbit (book), and it's much quieter overall. The other two films are about equal to me.
In the past I've rankad them FotR > RotK > TtT, but that was before I saw the extended cuts, now Fellowship still comes out as my favorite but Towers was really elevated in my opinion. So now I guess it's FotR > RotK=TtT.
I think Fellowship. I had not read the books back when the films came out. I had a rough idea what it was about having spaced out through half of the Bakshi cartoon. I had, however, read some Dragonlance books as a child and really enjoyed that kind of setting. I had also read The Hobbit, which I think was required reading in like grade five, so I knew about Bilbo and Gandalf - but they were distant memories.

So the movie begins playing and I was enchanted by everything about it. The mood and imagery, the music, the Hobbits, the ancient world that seemed impossibly old. The ending was a real cliff hangar for me.

After that I read the books, read up on the lore, re-read The Hobbit, discussed it at length with anyone who would engage me, etc. So while the following films were still amazing, they weren't as magical for me.
ill take "Impossible Questions for $1000" 

whenever I try to answer this I start out with: obviously RotK, then am like, "wait the Fellowship doesn't get enough credit for being so awesome and setting the whole tone" then I remember the Battle of Helms Deep + Ents and give up in frustration.

it's really a never ending cycle 
It changes every time. It's really remarkable. No scene hits me EVERY time like the Ride of the Rohirrim though. But the atmosphere in the first 50 minutes of the Fellowship is unparalleled. And the general pacing of the Two Towers is the most appealing.

God damn, it happened again!
Fellowship.  Boromir is a badass and the mines of moria journey is perfection. 
The atmosphere and sense of wonder that FOTR creates is magnificent, so it tops the other two for me. 
I feel like Fellowship is the perfect film. I think Jackson was really at his peak as a filmmaker with that one and the limitations put on him being the first of the trilogy forced him to perfect the little things. I also just tend to prefer the first films in trilogies and series over the rest.
Fellowship. After the Council of Elrond is fantasy questing at its best
Return of the King. I love the Minas Tirith and Black Gates battles.  And I think that movie has Gandalf (and Ian McKellen) at his best.
I still like the Fellowship best. I mean I love them all, but the other two take themselves too seriously at times, and some of the characters deviate from the books in ways that make no sense.
Fellowship has to be my favorite. I always love the more prominent story/character arcs that happen in the first films of trilogies. Light heartened fun in the shire in the beginning, and by the end the fellowship is broken and frodo is a changed hobbit. 

I also remember reading somewhere that Viggo Mortensen felt that the fellowship was a master piece but by the end of RoTK he felt Jackson had hurt the story by making it so battle / CG oriented. 
I love the beginning of the Fellowship.
The Voice of Galadriel (Cate Blanchett) is really nice.
I assume there is a (locked) door somewhere at either end of the stairs. Also, Isengard was a guarded fortress. Gandalf also says:  

> But in the circle of
Isengard, trapped and alone, it was not easy to think that the hunters before
whom all have fled or fallen would falter in the Shire far away.

Gandalf also mentions that there were wolves and orcs in Isengard, and that Saruman is building an army. Gandalf is powerful, but probably not powerful enough to fight his way out of a fortress with a great army, and trying to get away on foot.

I don't have my book here, but I think it says in Unfinished Tales that the Wizards came to Middle-earth in the form of old men, and were subject to weariness and hunger and such. I think the topic of being given food or needing the restroom were just omitted from the story. We don't hear about the other characters using the restroom either. And Saruman kept Gandalf alive, possibly because he wanted information about the location of the Ring, which only Gandalf and a select few others knew (such as Aragorn).
I will say that in almost every book I've ever read there is very little mention of characters needing to use the restroom. However, if I were gandalf, I would have much enjoying pissing over the side of orthanc and watching it fall far below. 
A couple small corrections:

-Elves can have beards, it's just very rare. Cirdan has a beard.

>"As they came to the gates Cirdan the Shipwright came forth to meet them. Very tall he was, and his beard was long..."

-The fact that Tom is not an Elf, Man, Hobbit, Dwarf, or Orc does not inherently mean that he *must* be one of the Ainur. There are creatures that are none of those things, such as Ungoliant.


-The whole "Tom is Eru" theory is completely and provably untrue. It barely even qualifies as a theory, since it can be easily refuted by the author's writings. In letter 181 Tolkien states

>"There is no 'embodiment' of the Creator anywhere in this story or mythology."

Since the legendarium was written as a mythic prehistory, it would be in direct contradiction of Tolkien's heavy Catholic beliefs to have any incarnation of a God on Earth prior to the coming of Jesus, which wouldn't happen for many thousands of years after the end of the third age.


People in general seem to have a long-standing fascination with elves and a love for romantic relationships. Arwen is an elf who is in a romantic relationship with Aragorn himself. I, for one, have long borne a bit of resentment for Eowyn for trying to lure Aragorn away from Arwen. Even though Arwen's role in the books is small and she didn't save the day during an epic battle, I would rather see Arwen than Eowyn for all these irrational reasons. Eowyn's a badass, but I still prefer Arwen.

Plus, yeah, Liv Tyler's star status probably informs those decisions as well.
I haven't looked into it at all but isn't that what  tales of middle earth is?
https://www.reddit.com/r/lordoftheringsrp/ here's a link if you want to look at it
After being a fan of Tolkien since age twelve and owning the soundtracks of all the LOTR films and Unexpected Journey I only recently discovered [The Lord of the Rings:  The Complete Recordings](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000BNI90O/ref=pd_sim_15_1?ie=UTF8&psc=1&refRID=9TDHNSSTD2YK7XRS57K7).  The Fellowship album has an entire track of the Elves singing *A Elbereth Gilthoniel*.  What more can I say??
[deleted]
**-Update-**

My favorite Songs are:

**The Hobbit:**

[Ed Sheeran "I See Fire"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mllXxyHTzfg)

[Song of the Lonely Mountain Performed by Neil Finn!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJwyW9ngLNg)


**Lord of The  Rings:**

[Lothlorien](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RCVG9SeMqHA) 

[May It Be - Enya](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NJVxEaGrHS4)

[The Council Of Elrond - Enya](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PK7kmRNfi4s) 

This is pretty cool. Did you create the entire thing or did you take pre-existing art and put the logo on it?
Your University must be fun, if it's like Mordor.
Awesome
Just a very, very slight criticism, if I may? I think everything looks awesome; the landscape, Mt Doom, the contrasts between everything. But the "eye" with the half moon in it looks like it was randomly slapped right up in there; very cartoonish and random in the scheme of the rest of the cover. Otherwise I think it's very cool! 

Also, I'm no artist so this is just a random person giving input, I could be way off.
I mean no offense, am not poking fun at the serious content of the article, more at my own thought processes.   
I read the headline and could only picture a pissed-off Nazgûl checking its wristwatch, standing on the side of a city street.   
Then, oh! Oops.
LMAO!!!! Same!!! :-D Shouldn't have carelessly lost their rides in the Bruinen...
Haha I thought the same too, even after I saw your title about race. I guess the phrase "black riders" is just triggering to LotR fans :P
"Fool, no man can drive me"
Sauron is a more powerful angel.

Saruman serving Sauron is a movie thing. In the books it is more of a feigned allegiance. Saruman has his own goals... claiming the Ring for himself.
Sauron was very, very powerful. One of the mightiest of the maiar to exist. Saruman was powerful himself as the head of the Istari, but he couldn't compare to Sauron, and he knew it.
You've clearly not read the books. I'd suggest starting there.
*Saruman never intended to help Sauron.  He always, ever, wanted The Ring for himself.  This goes way back.  In UT, there is a powerful scene where Saruman is meeting with The White Council and there is a discussion about Gandalf's love of The Hobbits.  Saruman, paranoid of Gandalf's own desire for The Ring for himself (Saruman thought Gandalf had the same dark ambitions) makes a snide remark about Gandalf and his love of The Hobbits.  Gandalf's response was to blow a series of smoke rings from his pipe and then wave his hand through them as if trying to grasp.  It was an image that told Saruman, "you will never have what you want."  Saruman's "assistance" to Sauron was never that, and both he and Sauron knew it, but Sauron was willing to let Saruman play his part as he was able to weaken the allied armies, and Sauron was always playing people to his own ends and for himself.  We see this with Gollum, even Shelob.  Each had their part in his greater plan.
Saruman was never a true ally of Sauron. His mission was to defeat him by motivating the Free Peoples of Middle-earth, same as Gandalf. But Saruman abandoned that and wanted the Ring for himself. In the book he is called a double traitor, as he is both a traitor to the good guys as well as to Sauron. He sends his orcs to take the hobbits (in this case just Merry and Pippin) to Isengard, in the hope that one of them carries the Ring.

And I'm not sure he is more powerful than Gandalf. Gandalf the White at least says that he himself is the most dangerous person in Middle-earth, after Sauron. 
Power.  He thought Sauron was going to win and thought it was better to ally himself.  
It's *Gandalf*.
Perhaps. Saruman changes his white robe for one that changes colours, and he calls himself Saruman of Many Colours.
Maybe, but he didn't. 
he changed to white.
Well if we help you that would be cheating.
Now I really need to know what it says.

> Is this more Peter Jackson-esque bullshit along the lines of the Witch King making Gandalf his bitch?

Probably. We know there was some sort of raid by the White Council to Dol Goldur, but Sauron expected it and escaped to Mordor. There were probably no Ringwraiths there, as Gandalf was completely taken by surprise during Fellowship when he learns the Ringwraiths have returned.
Don't try to look for any sort of logical consistency or faithfulness to Tolkien's lore in *The Battle of Five Armies*... you won't find any.
I may also be a bit of foreshadowing: Boromir dies trying to save Merry and Pippin. 
I think your are thinking too much on it, Boromir was just near Merry and Pippin, and thus tried to hide them. Aragorn was near Frodo, and same situation. Boromir was as dutiful as any man in ME, and would do anything to save his country
They wear them because Sauron does not possess the One. Besides, should he ever get it they would still be in trouble because the work that was done with them would be known to him. Legolas describes time for the Elves, 

> the world moves, and it moves both very swift and very slow. Swift, because they themselves change little, and all else fleets by: it is a grief to them. Slow, because they need not count the running years, not for themselves. The passing seasons are but ripples ever repeated in the long long stream. (The Great River) 

Dealing with the waning in Middle-earth was a primary reason for the creation of the Rings. This is seen in both Rivendell, "*Time doesn't seem to pass here: it just is. A remarkable place all together*." (Many Meetings) and in Lothlórien, 

>it seemed to him that he had stepped over a bridge of time into a corner of the Elder Days, and was now walking in a world that was no more. In Rivendell there was memory of ancient things; in Lórien the ancient things still lived on in the waking world. (Lothlórien)
>So one thing that has always confused me about the Elven Rings of Power is that if Sauron ever recovers the One Ring, he will be able to dominate the three rings. So, why the hell are they still wearing them????

Because they can just take them off if that happens, same as they did the first time. The Three's true purpose is preservation and wisdom - Sauron didn't oversee their making.
The three rings they possessed had useful powers, such as preserving the beauty of the areas in which the elves lived, and Sauron had never actually touched the three. And if the one ring was captured, they would then have taken them off, for they would have been aware through the rings connections. 
The Elves do know where the rings came from, since they crafted them themselves. They have also taken them off before, when Sauron first put on his one Ring. They were inmediately aware that Suron would dominate them, thus they took off the rings.

Only when Sauron lost his ring did they put the rings back on.
Lothlorien and Rivendell existed because Galadriel and Elrond used their rings to preserve those places and empower them.
The rings were created by the elven smith I-forget-his-name, unbeknownst to Sauron. He would not have total control over the Elf Lords, and they would be able to take their rings off.
In the book Merry and Pippin are helping Frodo move, and he thinks he will slip secrerly away with only Sam as a companion. In reality all his friends (Merry, Pippin, Sam, Fatty) are conspiring to help him on his quest, which they know all about from Sam's eavesdropping. 

In the film at least remember that Merry and Pippin are Frodo's close friends and his relatives. Good loyal friends who see Frodo is in danger and needs help.

"You can trust us to stick to you through thick and thin - to the bitter end. And you can trust us to keep any secret of yours - closer than you keep it yourself. But you cannot trust us to let you face trouble alone, and go off without a word. We are your friends..." - Merry
Also in the books Merry and Pippin are in fact frodo's Cousins and probably the cousins he has the closest relationship with outside of Bilbo(who is actually a cousin not an uncle). especially Merry as frodo lived in Buckland with the brandybucks for awhile between the time his parents died and bilbo took him in  Frodo's mother was a younger sister of Merry's grandfather, making Frodo and Merry's dad Saradoc first cousins and frodo and merry first cousins once removed.

Frodo, Merry, and Pippin are related in mutliple ways they all are descendants of the old Took(as is Bilbo).
Don't forget that in the book there was a space of many years between Bilbo's 111th birthday party and Frodo leaving the shire.  They were all in on it - it was all well known to his friends by the time of his leaving.
They just added this detail to the movies to make it simpler. In the books Merry and Pippin insisted on going with Frodo while he was planning to leave them behind.
I don't know if they ever intended to go past Bree, but they kind of got caught up in everything and ended up in Rivindell.
Yeah, I reckon they changed it to play up M&P's relative immaturity and tendency to mischief, and probably to avoid some infodumping. In the book it's handled much better - Sam, Merry and Pippin know in advance that Frodo's leaving because they've been keeping tabs on him for a while
More reasons why the films actually cause people to know *less* about the book than if they'd never actually seen them.
Based solely on the appearance,  i believe those bars taste either incredibly good or utterly disgusting.
High calorie stomach cement
Can confirm, referred to this as lembas when we got it in our dorm emergency kits. Works great for hikes! And it doesn't taste awful!
This reminds me of Metal Gear Solid
Nice! Personally I always thought lembas would taste like a cheese danish.
Pretty tasty.
I'd rather just make my own tbh.
Did you just watch the recent Ashens?
Could one live off of these things? Exclusively? Could this, on a regimented diet, appropriate for one's stature, health, etc, could be a sustainable source of nutrition?
Hey! I live in Abington. If you get the bread wanna go on an adventure? @YOLO 
Probably more like that stuff gimli/boromir (can't remember which) thought lembas bread was
I think I would rather eat Lambdas.
[deleted]
Maybe she means Jackson's next fantasy epic? He's writing/producing an adaptation of The Mortal Engines and well as a Dambusters film which has been in development for a while, it's possible he's going back to the miniatures route on those after criticism for the excessive CGI in The Hobbit or for budgetary reasons.

Jackson and co have the rights to all the material in The Hobbit and LOTR so they could do spin off films or make up their own stories set in the timelines (I have my suspicions the reference to Aragorn in TBOTFA was a tease towards a spin off film) but I think the Tolkien Estate and the current owners of the film rights are currently engaged in a lawsuit with each other which might stop any development on future films...
I heard that they were looking at doing something with the silmarillion, but that it ended up being scrapped due to rights or something. If they are working on making plans for another adaptation into a movie or a series it will be the best thing I have ever heard. I hope someone knows more than me about this. 
Domination of the three Elven rings and domination of other minds.  The same thing it does for Sauron.
the grey or the white? 
i always thought the ring would betray him for it has only one mastee
You should play Third Age Total War. In that game, the fountain guards are awesome. 
Shields up, Tower Gaurds!
War?

Don't care, gotta guard the tree.
In the books, they'd be badasses. Most of the human warriors were. In the movies, they'd run around flapping their arms, screaming like seven year old girls. That was one of my biggest pet peeves about the movies. I still loved them, though.
BFME, they destroy trolls
what/who is it ?
I really love reading the lore behind Middle-earth.  I recently read *Of Tuor and His Coming to Gondolin* in Unfinished Tales for the first time and it was really cool to see why the livery of the Fountain Guards featured winged helms of sea birds.  Thousands of years of history goes into a single helm.
I would imagine they are like the marines stationed at the White House or the Buckingham Palace Guards. The uniforms they wear are ceremonial more than functional.
Considering they're background characters, they'd die just as easily as goblins haha.
This could be on /r/shittyaskscience "What Kind of Bird is This?"
Holy shit this post is garbage. Like, what do we even have mods for if shit like this stays up?
You *will* run afoul of the Tolkien Estate if you do this. Especially if Patreon is involved — they may turn a blind eye to most fan work, but when money is involved it's a different matter. Also, they still hold all rights to the Silmarillion, and they take them very seriously. 

As it stands, your initial comics are unlikely to cause any problems, but trying to get money for them is a big no-no. 
Hey Ashley,  we discussed the licensing issues over on /r/tolkienfans. Did you decide to risk it?

https://www.reddit.com/r/tolkienfans/comments/5d8leg/i_used_to_draw_silmarillion_as_a_comic_series_now/?st=ivm36wyl&sh=32b5cad2
The Elves made all the Rings for themselves. 16 with Sauron's ("Annatar's") help. 3 Celebrimbor made alone and in secret.

When Sauron made the One Ring, the elves took off all 19 other Rings, or else be controlled by Sauron. Sauron waged war against them, capturing the 16 after torturing Celebrimbor for the information.  He then gave 7 to Dwarves and 9 to Men in the hopes of dominating them instead.  The Three, remained secret and were not captured by Sauron.
The Elves made the Rings themselves, with the help of Sauron! Celebrimbor was the leader of the Elves of Eregion/Hollin, the area west of Moria (about the area the Fellowship travels before they get to Moria). There are 20 Great Rings:

- 16 were made by the Elves and Sauron together

- the Three Rings of the Elves were made by Celebrimbor in secret, without Sauron's help, but using his teachings. It's made clear that Sauron never touched them. Things went sour when Sauron made the One Ring, and the Elevs were aware of him and took off their Three Rings, and Sauron invaded Eregion. The Elves managed to hide the Three and they ended up ultimately with Elrond, Galadriel and Círdan (who gave his to Gandalf). Sauron took the 16 Rings from the Elves and distributed them: 7 for the Dwarves, 9 for Men (who became the Ringwraiths). The survivors of Eregion went on to found the hidden home of Rivendell under Elrond.

So the Elves didn't receive the Tree, Sauron never possessed them. Sauron also regained a bunch of the Dwarf Rings, as the Dwarves were not easily corrupted. And since he lost the One Ring, he controlled the Ringwraiths by keeping their Nine Rings himself.
Celebrimbor made the three rings with the teachings of Annatar (Sauron).

The other rings were made by Sauron and were all made for the elves, but when Sauron put on The One they perceived him and his evil intent. 

Sauron then fought to regain the rings and distributed them to Men and Dwarves.
The Elves kept the Three because they were the most powerful Rings they made and were very useful in dealing with fading in Middle-earth. All of the other Rings of Power were actually Elven Rings too. It was Sauron who spread them out among various people. The Dwarves got 7, and Men 9. At the end Sauron held 3 of the 7, and all of the 9, and Frodo had the One. Eregion had been sacked by Sauron who wanted all of the Rings. The Elves had hidden the Three with Gil-galad, Cirdan, and Galadriel.
It won't make too much of a difference, mostly just price and box art. I'd suggest warning him about the pacing of the books; they're very different from the movies. The first half of Fellowship, in particular, has a lot of "they walked around a hill and over a stream" but it still has a lot of brilliance the movies didn't add
The only problem with the box set of hardcovers is they are heavy to hold and because they are so nice your brother may not want to take them everywhere.  I recommend going to a nice bookstore and seeing what they have.
Where did you hear that those were Tolkien-related? They look vaguely Chinese, but they are in no way, shape, or form from Tolkien or any work I've ever seen associated with him or what they supposedly stand for. I think someone's pulling your leg.
Its looks like a kind of stylized representation of the symbols from the maps of LOTR, with the one on the left being closest to the look of Minas Tirith; and the inspiration for the others being drawn from the varied indicators on the maps themselves. But, as far as I know, they have no actual basis in any of Tolkien's works.
Randall also snuck the Shire and Minas Tirith on there.
Minas Tirith reporting in. It's cloudy as balls and I missed she supermoon. 
Surely Hogsmeade is in the north, maybe even in Scotland?
And the discord of Melkor was dubstep... it all makes sense now
Everybody in Chester [to the limit](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=KFNcStdF_Ok)
I wish this were true, I'd live in Minas Tirith. Well Corbyn really but it's not far, I'd move. 
Welp, apparently I live in Tarp now.
Hidden Pokémon haha
Tems-Upon Thames made me snort.
What is the protractor for?
So I have family in Dobby and my gran's from Glutenfree
I'm really surprised to see Braintree on there, one of the few real places on it.
Glutenfree is the one that got me.
I'm sitting at my desk guffawing at this. I would upvote it infinitely if I could.

Two references to Peter Frampton?  Nice.  
Awesome!! My dad kept warning me that I might get bored with it, but I thought it was fantastic. There was only one part that was hard to get through, and that was the chapter describing the landscape of Beleriand. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did!
Good stuff. Quenta Silmarillion is when it really gets good. I tried twice to get through Valaquenta and failed. I found it much more interesting the third time for some reason. There are some parts that drag a bit. Of Beleriand and it's Realms was one of those for me.
If you got through the Valaquenta then youre probably going to enjoy all the rest.  in my opinion, the book just gets better and better the farther you get into it.
Did you notice the short paragraph about Gandalf in the Valaquenta? He was known as Olórin back then, mentioned in *Of the Maiar*.
[deleted]
Awesome! I'm slowly building something similar. Never too much LotR stuff.
I have the blue Lotr Risk Boardgame. What's the difference with the red one?
Short answer: we have no idea.

Slightly longer answer: Aragorn says that it's possible that Gandalf didn't have a plan and that at some point things would be left up to Frodo to decide.
Pretty much if Pippin, poor fool of a took, didn't knock that bucket into the well. No goblins, no Balrog, Giant Eagles
>In the books and movies frodo in the movie Farimir in the books pointed out that...

What!?
We don't really know.  It seems like Gandalf had only thought of how to avoid Saruman and was planning on improvising or leaving it up to the Fellowship to choose their road after the Misty Mountains.  Prior to the Misty Mountains Saruman was the greatest threat to the Quest and even then he ultimately left the decision up to Frodo to choose Moria.  Gandalf's role in the fight against Sauron was to be a motivating force and one who inspires men to stand against the Shadow.  He bore the Elven Ring Narya which had the ability to inspire others and to resist tyranny and despair.  It wasn't until his return as Gandalf the White that he was allowed to directly fight against Sauron.
There was another way: the long way round. But at least Frodo and Sam didn't have enough supplies to make it.
Fly,  you fools 
By eagle of course! Lol jk
The LotR movies are simply a better introduction to Middle Earth, IMO.

...They're also better movies in general.
well for starters they're just... not great. I personally would never recommend someone watch them first because I feel they might leave a bad taste in their mouth. think of the star wars prequels.

speaking more objectively, they are made with the idea that the viewer is familiar with the basic setting and certain major characters. Without context, the weight of certain scenes is lost and might lead to some head scratching.

lotr on the other hand, starts with "this is a weird fantasy story, here's what's up, why you should care, and what we're doing about it".
I'm going to put a dissenting opinion, and say I actually really enjoyed the Hobbit movies (extended editions that is. Theatrical were not so great).

That said, I still recommend watching LOTR films first because, as some others have said, it provides a better introduction to Middle Earth.

On a side note, I think the ideal order is Fellowship, Hobbit Trilogy, Two Towers, and RotK. Introduced my GF to them this way and it was fantastic :)
Lot of odd hate for the hobbit here, some stating it has a different feel than the trilogy... Well no duh, they read quite differently too.. 
just dont watch the hobbit

its suppose to be a children story with talking animals and jolly dwarves. but what they did to the movie was....
They're trash
i would watch the hobbit first because then u still have the lotr, if you do it in reverse you're gonna have a terrible taste in ur mouth when u finish the last hobbit film
[deleted]
I and many others can give you a myriad of reasons to not watch The Hobbit at all, atleast not without reading the book first so you can make some sense of what PJ was attempting. 
It would also be interesting to compare each sub stories percentage of the whole story in the movie as compared to the book. Say, instead of counting minutes out of the total time, count pages out of the total book, and see how they compare. You'd be able to see the difference in what Tolkien and the creators of the film thought was important, or what was important for the film making aspect. I also thought the scene foreshadowing the use of the drain to break the wall of Helm's Deep was pretty good too.
He was 210 when he died and was a Dúnedain. The Dúnedain were descendants of the Numenoreans who had the lifespan of 3 times that of a normal Men. King Elros lived to 400 and his lineage also had a longer lifespan of the average Numenorean. While a very very distant relative of Elros, Aragorn is still part of that lineage. 

Edit: Not all men are descended from Numenoreans. Arargorn served King Thengel of Rohan, Theoden's father, while Theoden was a child.
The kings of Numenor had a little bit of elvish blood in them. It began when the half-elven brothers Elros and Elrond were given the choice of whether to live as men or elves at the end of the First Age. Elrond chose elf, Elros chose man. The descendents of Elros became the kings of Numenor, and later the kings of Gondor and Arnor. They were mortal, but their lifespans were greater than normal men.
Aragorn was younger (by a year) than Denethor in LotR, but both are kinsmen. The Men you are thinking about have actually diminished much as a people in both numbers and in their inherent abilities late in the Third Age. These guys are known as **Kings of Men**, or **Men of the West**, which is the same as *Dúnedain*, or *Númenóreans*. At the time of LotR the Dúnedain are generally living to around 100 years. Denethor's father and grandfather died at 98 years of age. The House of the Kings are longer lived and tended to be superior to the other Dúnedain in "*life-span, vigour, or ability*" (Aldarion and Erendis, note 27). For example, Aragorn's ancestors (his father was killed when he was young) tended to live around 155-160 while they were Kings in Exile. However, in the South the last person to live to 150 was the 7th Ruling Steward, Hador.

The Dúnedain, or Númenóreans were Edain who were given the gift of Númenor, or Westernesse, for their struggles in the fight against the Dark Lord Morgoth in the North in Beleriand. 

> As a reward for their sufferings in the cause against Morgoth, the Valar, the Guardians of the World, granted to the Edain a land to dwell in, removed from the dangers of Middle-earth. (Appendix A: Númenor)

Their first King, Elros, was half-elven and the brother of Elrond. He lived for 500 years and his descendants lived for around 400 years. His descendants were distinguished from other Dúnedain in their greater lifespan and abilities as I mentioned already. Erendis remarks on these particular Dúnedain to her daughter, the future first Ruling Queen of Númenor, Ancalimë.

> Men in Númenor are half-Elves (said Erendis), especially the high men; they are neither the one nor the other. The long life that they were granted deceives them, and they dally in the world, children in mind, until age finds them - and then many only forsake play out of doors for play in their houses. They turn their play into great matters and great matters into play. They would be craftsmen and loremasters and heroes all at once;... all things were made for their service: hills are for quarries, rivers to furnish water or to turn wheels, trees for boards, women for their body's need, or if fair to adorn their table and hearth... To all they are gracious and kind, merry as larks in the morning (if the sun shines); for they are never wrathful if they can avoid it. Men should be gay, they hold, generous as the rich, giving away what they do not need. Anger they show when they become aware, suddenly, that there are other wills in the world beside their own. They will be as ruthless as seawind if anything dare to withstand them... Númenor was to be a rest after war. But if they weary of rest and the plays of peace, soon they will go back to their great play, manslaying and war. (Aldarion and Erendis)

However, there is a period of Darkness where things are no longer so clear cut between the King's House and the other Dúnedain , "*because of their rebellion*" (Akallabêth). During this period (beginning around the time of the 11th King of Númenor),  the Men object to Elros' decision to become mortal and they wish for the Doom/Fate of the Elves. 

> Later when they became powerful they begrudged the choice of their forefather, desiring the immortality within the life of the world that was the fate of the Eldar, and murmuring against the Ban. (The Númenórean Kings)

Their fear of death and abandoning the "*assimilation of their mode of life to that of the Eldar*" (The Line of Elros, note 1) contributed to this diminishment in the King's House and the King's Men, the majority party in Númenor. 

> their years lessened as their fear of death grew (Akallabêth)

Yet there were descendants of Elros, the Lords of Andúnië, who were part of the minority party (The Faithful) in Númenor who were not so much effected by this diminishment since they did not go so much off of the rails. Where the last King of Númenor (Ar-Pharazôn) felt his death coming on around 210 years of age, his cousin Elendil died in battle against Sauron when he was about 322 years of age.

When their island sunk Middle-earth, along with this loss, were two other ingredients in this waning process, "*it was due above all to Middle-earth itself, and to the slow withdrawing of the gifts of the Númenóreans after the downfall of the Land of the Star*. (Gondor and the Heirs of Anárion) As they abode in Middle-earth three things that contributed to the diminishment of the Dunedain in Gondor was the Kin-strife (1432), the Great Plague (1636), and the war with the Wainriders beginning in 1856 and ending in 1944 after Eärnil ll saves Gondor from annihilation.
Because this is Fantasy :P
His mission in Middle Earth is to give help and counsel to the Free Peoples, any enemies of Sauron really. He is actually specifically commanded not to use his powers except at greatest need.

Notice how Gandalf doesn't start fights but will stand his ground if flight is impossible. Against the wargs, the Balrog and the Witch-King even, he always says some variation of "Gandalf is here. You may not pass." 
At some point there just needs to be a stickied post that answers this question, I've lost count of the amount of times i've seen it asked here.
Because he's the King.
Releasing the Army of the Dead was symbolic of Aragorn's status as Isildur's heir (controlling them was too, but Gandalf wasn't there for that. Also events were pretty urgent before the victory at Pelennor, so maybe no time for bowing and formalities) and thus as the rightful King of Gondor (and Arnor).

More specifically, I believe it's kind of an in-joke between Aragorn and Gandalf. They've known each other a long time and both are well aware of Aragorn's history as well as his intentions in the War, meaning his ultimate goal of claiming the kingship. I think this was Gandalf's way of recognizing one of the first steps of Aragorn's rise from Ranger to King.

[deleted]
She's not the biggest promoter of her work or anything, but I really thought that the piece turned out beautifully, so I wanted to share it with a community that I thought would appreciate it.
Beautiful, keep it up. 
Love the cello, would buy an album of this.
That is spectacular. Would buy a complete album of that. 
(Also may or may not use it next time I'm DM a D&D session)

But truly, it reminds if that story, and made me go reread the bits and pieces of it. Amazing work.
This is beautiful!
I notice that your wife has mentioned an upcoming album inspired by the works of Tolkien, please post that when it's finished! Very impressed by the two tracks she already has up.
I love it! Fresh and beautiful. Very good work with editing virtual instruments, mixed and mastered well! 
Beautiful music
Would love to hear more!
What did she use to make it. Is it live recording?
It told the story well with music. Very nice. Please pass on a bravo.
This sounds so awesome! I feel like it sounds a little like some of the Avatar soundtrack too, really cool!
Absolutely love this, want to know if an album comes out and where to get my hands on it!!
Wow that is a good start, I hope to hear the full set one day !
fantastic! the music made me imagine being  Beren watching Luthien as she danced for the first time. Tell your wife to keep the music coming! 
One of my favorite stories of all time! Tell her she did great!
Very nice!
Wow, this is beautiful!
Saved to my "likes" playlist. This is great. 
That was lovely..

More please :)
This is breathtaking. I hope to hear more fromher!
Exceptionally well done.
Fantastic. Wonderful atmosphere. Also very soothing.
I love it! I will keep an eye out for more
be sure to put this on r/tolkienmusic too!
When The Hobbit was written it wasn't really a part of the Middle-earth mythology, JRRT just took some concepts and ideas from his larger mythology and worked them into the story. The story of LotR also didn't exist yet, so in the first edition of The Hobbit, Bilbo is given the Ring by Gollum, which at that point is just 'a magic ring'. Rewritten for later editions to make more sense in the context of the One Ring of Lotr. 

Tolkien also uses some different or older terminology:

> They differed from the High Elves
of the West, and  were  more  dangerous  and  less wise. For  most  of  them
(together  with their scattered relations  in the hills  and mountains) were
descended from the  ancient tribes that never went  to Faerie  in  the West. There the Light-elves  and the Deep-elves and the Sea-elves  went  and lived
for ages, and  grew  fairer and  wiser and more  learned, and invented their
magic  and  their cunning  craft, in the making of beautiful and  marvellous
things, before some came back into the  Wide  World.

So Faerie is probably an older term for Valinor. The Light-elves are perhaps Vanyar, and the Deep-elves Noldor, and the Sea-elves Teleri. 

And yeah, they seem very different in stone and style. These elves are singing 'tralalala' instead of about their sorrow or their yearning for Eldamar, as they do in LotR.
Most of this is very misleading, which is par for the course in youtube videos, and all the more unfortunate for the decent production values, which generally help people trust it.

For example, there was not a draft in which Sauron was an evil cat. There was a *version*, the earliest, one that predates the invention of Sauron, in which the role in the narrative that Sauron took in later versions was occupied by an evil cat. Tevildo was never Sauron. He was not modified to be Sauron. He was scrapped, and Sauron took his place. Through this type of portrayal, I could easily make the argument that, in a draft, Aragorn appears as Bilbo, or Saruman appears as Treebeard. Whoever wrote this was too busy trying to find something 'curious' to talk about to care about facts, and are getting away with it because, unlike the examples I mentioned, it doesn't use two relatively well-known characters that would rip away the standard viewer's willingness to believe.
I would argue that *The Lord of the Rings* is, in fact, a spin off of the greater collection of works that became *The Silmarillion*.
sawron :(
NOT a spinoff . . . geesh

It won't happen...but if it did...who would we want to cast as Beren and Luthien? 
Source of the cosplayer in the thumbnail?
ran across this while surfing youtube, thoughts?
A guy named Morgoth?!?!?!?!?!?!? I coulnd't keep watching from there.
Although I don't think that's intentional, I do know that Gandalf's sword is on the Iron Throne in the TV series as an easter egg.
Gandalf's [rune](https://imgur.com/gallery/4reRb) for reference 
Also Bilbo is *old*. 111 when he left the Shire, and that was what, 17 years before Frodo starts off with Sam and Pippin? He's at least **127** at the Council of Elrond.  

He wouldn't have made it past the first weird ghost wolf attack. I doubt he could have even kept up with an easy walk.
Gandalf has experience watching mortals die, but I don't think he necessarily sees that as a bad thing. Perhaps he is aware that death was meant as a gift. When Boromir dies, he says he 'escaped'. He still expresses sadness on several occasions, but I think that like Elrond implies, death is better than living forever because of a Ring.

Also interesting how Gimli handles it: not very well. Despite the orcs attacking the Chamber of Mazarbûl:

> The others followed; but Gimli had 
to be dragged away by Legolas: in spite of the peril he lingered by Balin's
tomb with his head bowed.

I think Gimli was too hopeful, while Frodo even says that he feared Balin was dead. Bilbo remarks how he went to the Lonely Mountain, but that Balin was not there.
For comparison:

> it was like a great shadow, in the middle of which was a dark form, of man-shape maybe, yet greater; and a power and terror seemed to be in it and to go before it.

---

>It came to the edge of the fire and the light faded as if a cloud had bent over it. Then with a rush it leaped across the fissure. The flames roared up to greet it, and wreathed about it; and a black smoke swirled in the air. Its streaming mane kindled, and blazed behind it. In its right hand was a blade like a stabbing tongue of fire; in its left it held a whip of many thongs.

---

>His enemy halted again, facing him, and the shadow about it reached out like two vast wings. It raised the whip, and the thongs whined and cracked. Fire came from its nostrils. But Gandalf stood firm.

---

>His enemy halted again, facing him, and the shadow about it reached out like two vast wings. It raised the whip, and the thongs whined and cracked. Fire came from its nostrils. But Gandalf stood firm.

---

I'm glad you didn't put wings on it.
Missing wings. 0/10

(/s)
Thanks, now I have to find or build a lotr chess set lol 
Lately I've been getting a lot of mileage out of "For like a shaft, clear and cold, the thought pierced him that in the end the Shadow was only a small and passing thing: there was light and high beauty for ever beyond its reach."
I think the biggest thing I have gotten is my love of reading again. I used to read every day as a child/teenager and reading the lotr, hobbit, silmarillion, lost tales and now The Complete History of Middle Earth has helped me rediscover that love for reading. I don't go to bed at night without a good 30 minute session, it's wonderful being whisked off into this magical world. 
I had a sense of wonder I haven't felt since I was a child, and I still do. Being introduced to an entire, fully developed world was mindblowing. I've always loved worldbuilding and the worlds behind the stories, and Tolkien was a master of creating that. 
Tolkien introduced me to fandom. I don't play D&D or video games anything like that, and I was never very interested in mythology as a child. So ME was the deepest world I'd encountered thus far and Tolkien's works were the first time I was intrigued enough to attempt my 'own' stories and poems & read others'. Of course, I later discovered I wasn't very *good* at it, but I had a hell of a lot of fun in that fandom and later others.

Not so big, then, but interesting all the same. 

If we're talking about what I actually get out of reading the books, with the Silm it's mostly nostalgia and enjoyment, but it's LotR that I absolutely adore. There's a strong current of hope, camaraderie, friendship and lightheartedness running through it that I (used to, anyway) find immensely comforting. Again, nothing huge, but there's a *completeness* to it, a sense of satisfaction, that is very hard to find elsewhere. Probably partly due to the length.
[Best I could find.](http://imgur.com/ILcgRKN)
There were originally a great number of bridges.

All of them had been destroyed by the time of the War of the Ring.
Martin Freeman's performance is by far the greatest thing about these movies. I couldn't think of anyone else to play our beloved 'burglar.'
In the book, Bilbo sees Thorin before he dies:

http://imgur.com/qdcuIqk
I thought the book had Thoron die after the battle and he had a chance to reconcile with Bilbo.  Honestly movie Thorin had few if any redeemable qualities.  
I was more upset by how Fili and Kili die.  If I'm not mistaken, in the books they die while defending a fallen Thorin against the troll guard of Bolg until Beorn arrives.  I just couldn't stand how the scene played out in the movies.  They had their enjoyable moments but I sat through 2 and half movies just to see this battle...
Just wanted to say that the top comment is totally right! Thorin gets wounded and Fili and Kili are the ones who die. Then Beorn rescues him and Bilbo and Thorin reconcile. So fucking sorry about that! Should've checked my book first but for some reason I was damn sure that Thorin died. 

**Again, totally sorry for the misinformation!**

**EDIT, it's no longer the top comment. More like the second or third**
"Farewell, Master Burglar. Go back to your books... and your armchair... plant your trees, watch them grow. If more people... valued home above gold... this world would be a merrier... place..."
Nooooooooo  
  
the whole point is that dragonsickness had driven him to violence and, as happens when we do violence, he died a random, meaningless, and undignified death.  War does not have a satisfying story resolution, and that is what Tolkien made clear by having the quest for the mountain snuff out an entire family line in utterly avoidable violence.  
Not everything has to have a "story book", "emotional", "goodbye" or "redemption" moment. Sometimes things just... end, and you have to deal with that. The Hobbit and LotR have many of those moments, namely a previously unknown man killing Smaug. The dwarves never get their "brave" moment vs the dragon (damn Scooby Doo chase scene). Trying to *force* emotion is the biggest fault of The Hobbit movies and it's exemplified here (complete with final showdown BS). I will say it's MUCH MUCH better than "why does it hurt" "cause it was real" vomit that takes me completely out of the movie
I wish they would have used his original words instead of shortening them. I think they are far more powerful:

“If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world. But, sad or merry, I must leave it now. Farewell.”
No, he didn't die on the battlefield. He and Bilbo had a reconciliation before he died. One of the, if not the most, moving part of the book.
Thorin's death in the movies was caused by something that was not supposed to be even alive.....
Except in the movie Thorin is stabbed right through the chest because he was too stupid to wear any mithril. And took all his armor off. 

And he was able to stab Azog right through his armor, making it as useless as a stormtrooper's. This is what happens when fights are shot in motion capture.
Also, that beautiful parallel with Boromir's death through the sentence '*Forgive me, I was too blind to see*'.
Yes, unfortunately Fili's and Kili's deaths sucks - especially Fili's, the whole Tauriel nonsense *doesn't exist* as far as I'm concerned
Yea. Thorin and Bilbo meet again and part in friendship. It's kind of a big part in the end of the book.  Like the conclusion to the whole "betrayal" plot thing. Thorin is not simply found dead on the battlefield. 
It was a great scene. I'm no big supporter of The Hobbit films but what was right was almost perfect; what was wrong was *really* wrong. And by that I mean Tauriel. 
While this may be true (and here I'm not saying the movie did or did not do a good job, nor am commenting on how any movie may depict death scenes) I prefer Tolkien's version and believe it to be a well thought of depiction, or lack thereof. I think Tolkien is partially commenting on the confusion and lack of a clear image that anyone would have in a battle. Think of how an iron age battle would go down, especially one of great size and confusion. One side of the battle would have no idea what would be going on on the other side of the battle. It's absolute chaos, ordered to a degree, and that is why I love how Tolkien didn't flesh out Thorin's death.
I can see why you'd like this scene, but so many things about what preceded it turned me off. The part where only three actors just sort of wander off alone instead of Thorin being in the thick of a pitched battle with his company around him, as he did in the books. The way the fight was drawn out and padded with unnecessary action bits.

And more than anything, that stupid, stupid orc-under-the-ice moment. It's bad because it was a false end, and the surprise didn't feel earned - it felt cheap and pulled out of nowhere just to give the audience a jump. Not to mention how improbable it all is: are we really supposed to believe that an orc would close his eyes and pretend to be dead and allow himself to drift along under the ice, just on the off chance that it allows him to catch his opponent off-guard? How could he have known that conditions were just right to bring him into striking position? How on earth could he move underwater (which slows your movements) with enough speed and power to punch up through *ice thick enough to walk on* and strike a mobile target and inflict a serious enough wound to make the gambit worthwhile? I mean, seriously. Go take an ice pick (specially designed for the task of stabbing through ice!) and try to punch it clean through a four-inch brick of ice in one go. Now imagine doing that with limited mobility in freezing water. Just... no. It's even worse than the "let's ride on a river of molten metal without any pain or suffocation and use a giant molten-gold dwarf to attack the dragon" business from movie 2.
I couldn't even make it this far in the movies. BTW, in the books Thorin is shielded by his nephews but still gravely wounded. He and Bilbo reconcile and Thorin apologizes before he passes. I could not stand what PJ did to the Hobbit. Glad you found something redeeming in the movies but I prefer the books.
https://youtu.be/k2gE7-J9B6w
Scene from the original hobbit movie.
the fuck you talking about? Thorin was mortally injured but survived long enough for him an Bilbo to have a touching farewell. Thorin forgives him for stealing the Arkenstone and admires his love only of food and cheer instead of gold and jewels.

This scene is outstanding in the Hobbit Trilogy in that it merely fails to butcher the source material.
Found it very boring. I mean the scene itself isn't too terrible but the character development leading up to it was excuted in a very mediocre fashion. So when he died i didn't really care. Book thorin (as well as the animated hobbit) did a great job of portraying thorin.
eh. It's alright. There was nothing great to me in any of the hobbit movies.
I disagree. I didn't find his death sad nor emotional.
I do hope I'm not alone in kind of disliking the third Hobbit movie. I found it to be far too full of CGI. A CGI dwarf character? Come on now. Also the CGI legolas jumping up the falling bridge was pretty cringeworthy. 

Smaug dying in the first 10 minutes was kind of frustrating. It wasn't anywhere near as epic of an event in the movie as in the book. The last of Durins line did not die in the movie the way they did in the book either.

I get that movies make allowances on the story and that it won't be the same. I guess I just didn't like the choices made by PJ for specifically the third hobbit. Every other LOTR was fantastic though.
Why'd PJ feel the need to butcher that perfect line from the book?
I would have preferred traditional to emotional. 
I disagree with you and I think the films did a horrible job with all things Thorin.

That is all.
Welp, I guess this means I have to finally get down to watching the final movie. 
Too bad that series is like drinking a shit smoothie because of the few pieces of chocolate in it like the scene above.
YES!
Offended me
Jackson's Hobbit is trash with near 0 redeeming qualities.
I'm glad that he died due to a good reason, and that we got to see it first-hand. 

I hated the way how he died in the books. Bilbo didn't get to even see him get mortally wounded from a distance. 
there are some books adaptations that owe a huge debt to the screenwriter
Yeah well done PJ for making me root for the Orc army to eliminate all the Dwarves lol

With Tauriel and the Dwarves i was like: "Jeez!! Just die and skip to Bilbo or Thranduil!"
Well done pj? Are you serious? Tolkien would be rolling in his grave over what "pj" did to this book
PJ's Tolkien-based movies are like a child actor. A good child actor. When they started off, everyone loved them but then somewhere in the teenage years they grow entitled and rest on their laurels before going balls-out crazy on meth or coke and get arrested. Then, they come back again and make a bunch of crap movies or have a crap pop star career.
Gandalf, Saruman, Radagast, and the other two wizards are Maiar. Think of them as lesser angels. Whenever one of these use their magic, it is actually a divine being exerting their power on the world.

When Gandalf and the Balrog (a fallen maia) fight on the bridge of Khazad-dûm, he says

>'You cannot pass,' he said. The orcs stood still, and a dead silence fell. **'I am a servant** of the **Secret Fire, wielder of the flame of Anor**.

Here Mithrandir (I'm tired of saying Gandalf) simply identifies himself as a servant of Eru Ilúvatar -- AKA God. The Secret Fire is more or less the ability to create. Anor is the elvish word for "Sun". No one's really sure what that part means exactly, but it serves as another form of identification and a way of saying "back up, son".

>The **dark fire** will not avail you, flame of **Udûn**. Go back to the **Shadow**! You cannot pass.'

Udûn is the Sindarin word for Hell, which was called Utumno in Quenya and was the first fortress of Morgoth -- Sauron's mentor and leader. "Dark fire" and "Shadow" could be referring to Morgoth himself. Again, this is Mithrandir saying that he knows what he's facing.

The reason that I'm using this part as an example is because it's the only time we really see Olórin (got tired of saying Mithrandir) in his "true" form. The Istari, or wizards, were sent to Middle-earth to act as guides to the Children of Ilúvatar in the war against Sauron. They were not permitted to use their magic because when the Valar (think archangels) fought Morgoth in the Elder Days, a continent was destroyed. They didn't want that to happen again, so Gandalf, and the other Istari, were not allowed to use their full power. However, because the Balrog was a servant of Morgoth those rules didn't apply. And had Gandalf not unveiled himself at that moment to fight squarely with the Balrog the Fellowship would have failed.

So, when it comes to wizards, they can't use magic to directly intervene in the affairs of mortals.

Now, a lot of things (generally elven things) are called magic. They are, in a sense, but it's more of a craft that the hobbits didn't understand and has since been lost to us.
Like the dude said above, they are lesser angels called Maiar, bound in a human form. Therefore, they just can do things that really aren't specified as to how or what. They don't cast spells or have specified limits. They can just do stuff. 

Tolkien was never super specific about those mechanics for, and I am guessing here, a good reason. I think he wanted it to be enigmatic, like his dwarves, so that there were mysteries, and enigmas in his world. It keeps you from knowing everything, so Olorin remains a mysteriously powerful, ancient being who we don't or can't comprehend just what he is or what he can do. Much more interesting than, hey that guy can do x.
While I was studying the Silmarillian a couple years ago I made a silent agreement with myself to deliberately treat the saga as pre-historical until I finished the book. It gave me motivation to push on through to the end but it ended up making the whole "learning" experience about "our" past much richer. I can easily flip back and forth now between "real" mode and "ME" mode, in which events of today appear as if they were within the context of a "future" ME, i.e., with the influence of powerful external agencies, etc. It's a game and actually, I haven't done it in a while, but, as Ian Malcolm famously quipped ... there it is.
Historical? Not since I was a kid. Mythical? All the time.
Rarely, for a moment.

When I was a kid, the top of my head nearly came off when I read that it was all a translation of the Red Book of Westmarch - for about an hour  until I realized that also was his invention.  
I like to think that's it's similar to a Bible and Tolkien was like it's prophet. The world really was created by Eru and the universe was sung into existence and all that. Obviously not seriously, but it's fun to think of. It's funner than boring normal religions and more beautifully written than history books, so I choose to believe that Middle Earth history is Earth history. The elves have all left, the monsters have died off, magic became science, and we're waiting on the second coming of Radagast the Brown to protect nature against Man's continuing pollution. 
Never...
I mean, it was Tolkien's intention for LOTR and associated texts to be a mythology, and that Arda *is* Earth.
There are two main factors at play in limiting the overall population of the elves in middle-earth. 

The first is that by the time of LOTR, there just aren't that many elves still in middle-earth. You've got the Sindar and Silvan elves of the Mirkwood and Lothlorien. Then there are the few Noldor remaining in Rivendell and near the Havens. By the end of the 3rd Age, a great many of the Elves have already left the shores of middle-earth, never to return. And more will continue to do so until none are left outside of Valinor and Tol Eressëa.

Then, comes the physiology and psychology of the elves. Elves reach full maturity at somewhere near 100 years old. Elves also only marry once and keep that spouse forever. When it comes to having children, elves consider it to be extremely special because it results in the creation of new life. So elves as a general rule have very few children and have considerable gaps between children. For instance, Elrond and his wife Celebrían had only 3 children in the 2500 years they were together. They also, like everyone else, want to have their children in peacetime. Since Middle-Earth is generally far from peaceful, that also limits elf children. The final point is that elves, being immortal, tend to eventually focus on other things besides making kids, things that being them joy and happiness.

Combine all these together and you have the reason why elves have overrun the world in sheer numbers.

Middle-earth is meant to be a fictional (pre)-history of our world, so Elves and Dwarves have to disappear somehow. Now both of those peoples simply breed more slowly: the Elves are monogamous and have few children, and the Dwarves had fewer women and also have few children. Now Elves also grow weary of Middle-earth and feel the need to go to the West and leave Middle-earth. It's not in the movies, and I don't think we get a specific timeline, but soon after the end of LotR Lothlórien is abandoned completely. Aragorn dies some 120 years after LotR, and Arwen goes to die in Lothlórien, and there is no one there anymore. 120 years is pretty quick considering the long lives of Elves. But the Three Rings of the Elves were used to preserve the feeling of the First Age, which is the reason for the 'timeless' feeling of Rivendell and Lothlórien, but when the One Ring was destroyed the Three Rings also lost their power, as they were tied to it. 

Galadriel had a chance to do the wrong thing by accepting Frodo offering her the One Ring, and she was temped but refused:

> 'I pass the test,' she said. 'I will diminish, and go into the West and
remain Galadriel.'

Now, Galadriel and Celeborn eventually went to the Havens and traveled West, but their daughter Celebrían left even earlier. And as far as we know they don't have any other children. And both are older than Elrond, who is husband to Celebrían.

Now for a short timeline. In The Silmarillion it is mentioned how Eru Ilúvatar (God) created the Ainur (angels, more or less) and together they created the world. Now the plan was that there were the Children of Ilúvatar: Elves and Men (mortals). The Elves awoke first, and the Valar, who were the leaders of the Ainur, invited them to come live in the West. Many of them started to travel West, but some abandoned the journey. A bunch of stuff happens, but it seems that the Elves were more or less meant to go West and leave Middle-earth. 

By the time of LotR the Elves have had a very long decline. Rivendell is just a house hidden in a valley, Lothlórien is a hidden realm in a forest that Men know very little about, the Grey Havens are even unknown by some of the Elves and even though the Hobbits live right next door they don't visit, and there is Mirkwood where Legolas is from, and there are some traveling companies. That's it. 
The book called Silmarillion will help you to answer those questions.

Elves did rule the world and by the world I mean mostly [Beleriand](http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/lotr/images/1/12/Map_of_Beleriand.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20100419123101) and they had multiple kingdoms there.In the times around 6000-10000 years before LoTR before the birth of Sun and the Moon.At that time the main villain then was Morgoth who's servant was - Sauron.The Elves had many difficulties fighting Morgoth along the fact that most of them left many years before to Valinor-The Undying Lands where Valars and Mairar live(some sort of Angels).The Elves are not so interested in numbers of ther species.When the Sun first rised the Men awoke but quickly fell to the shadow of The Dark Lord.Some came to Beleriand running away from the darkness and split into 3 groups who became known as the Elf Friends(the Numenoreans including  Elrond and Aragorn descended from them) and helped the Elves in their wars against Morgoth.When Morgoth was banished and Beleriand destroyed,the Elves bagan to fade so most went to Valinor.They greatness was gone and the rule of Men is yet to come(it came after Sauron's defeat).They were literally fading away slowly as they were aging in Middle-Earth.They dissapeared shortly after the War of the Ring was won.

Eru/Illuvatar,the God had Elves and the Men as his children and it was meant for Men to prevail in Middle-Earth.
The "issue" with the Elves is that because of their long lives many of them become unambitious and often do not care about the events outside of the own realms.  

Also, it does seem like there are a lot of elf babies being born.  
Yes!  Along the same lines, this scene always does it for me:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIaJb6RY0TQ

It's moments like those that make the movies worth it :)
I needed that right now. Thanks
Some of the trilogy was amazing. I actually really like the first movie. But the filler is the worat possible filler content.
I liked Hobbit part 1 and 3. And believe that PJ did some awesome things with the little time he had. Thorin's death? Fucking beautiful. There I said it. Come at me with your torches and pitchforks. 
Screw anyone who doesn't like these movies. 

Yes, it is a good scene.
Okay but let's just be honest here. Galadriel did not hang out at Rivendell. If anything, Gandalf visited her in Lothlorien, right?
Yeah, but will it have copious amounts of fanservice though? Like, at least Legolas should pop up once or thrice. 
Please, whatever they do, don't turn a 2 hour story into a 9 hour trilogy. 
No shit, Shelob
RemindMe! 1 Year "Was the film good?"
Translation: Please come see our movie. You liked Lord of the Rings, right?
Do they mean that the lore will be fleshed out with previously unseen writings?
Will they add a romance between him and a dwarf though? *That* would add some depth to the story.
I wonder how they're going to slide a biracial love affair in it
Waiting for the 15 disc boxed set with this plus all 4 movies, to replace my 12 disc boxed set, which replaced my 8 disc boxed set, which replaced...but only if it comes with bookends.
Very excited for this, I really enjoyed learning about Tolkien though his sons commentary in the additional published books. It would be great to learn more about him in a doc
i see this sub has finally found that youtube channel....
[This one](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=2ospBDzE4gA) is far superior, imo.
I'm sad it didn't end with [this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92GHdmnDiFE)
I've been subscribed to the Facebook page for awhile, pure gold
Anyone know what song this is?
The ending card of Gollum, Gandalf and the channel banner of Frodo and Sam is just so hideously hilarious. 
Start em young, raise em right
Yay lotr, fav movies, good choice 
The Silmarills as well.



(And I see they show excalibur in the stone. Everyone knows the story of the sword coming out of the lake, and yet, every time I see a picture it's in the stone...)
Not exactly sure but self promoting your own videos is against the rules? Anyways I still love the third age mod, glad people still play it a lot. 
Who is making these? They're my new favorite gif trend!

I did not expect to watch Boromir die tonight. Ugh. 
You actually made me spit out my beer... Well done mate.
Whoever is making these is a terrible person.
Should have done it 3 times for each arrow he gets hit by
you're going straight to mordor for laughing at this omg

see u there
Can someone please post the original scene? 
These are amazing 
Edit: yes username does check out 
Paddy32 you're on a roll! keep them coming I'm lazy!
"Mind your aim!"
Have you read it?  Tolkien takes pains to subcreate something at least consistent with Christian themes.

Its a fictional prehistory to the (in Tolkien's mind) Christian present. I'd call it at least as Christian as Lewis' Space Trilogy. 
I mean, he was a devout catholic who wrote very biblical themes in his writing. Though he wouldn't want them to be viewed as allegory.
You'd be surprised what a good Christian bookstore has in stock.
You want Appendix C from the end of Return of the King. Tonnes of Hobbit family trees.
When last I looked, Theoden not Aragorn was King of Rohan.
... What the hell did I just watch.. 
For those who haven't yet watched it, Captain Fantastic is an amazing movie. It's about Aragon raising his children in a remote woodland area, probably for them to become Rangers. 
The smile and look look at the end sold it for me.
I cant for the life of me remember the scene where they stand right outside the wall like that?
This exact part where the chunks of stone fly up is possibly the only part of lotr where the special fx aren't exactly on point. Reminds me of the 50s Godzilla style stuff; polystyrene blocks being thrown around.
Heh
I've been on /r/youtubehaiku too much, was expecting [Roundabout](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G65pvuTFR_A&feature=youtu.be&t=41)
/r/UnexpectedJihad is leaking again
"I am no army" 
That's awesome! :D
I believe mithril miniatures was around for a long time before the movies. 
There was a cool board game called Quest of the Magic Ring that came out in 1975. It's pretty good. 
There was a Middle-Earth collectible card game started in 95 to 99 (which is when Decipher obtained the rights and made their TCG based off the movies).
Sure, nowhere near as much licensed stuff before, but there were items, like pewter chess sets and so forth from memory.

Of course - calendars, prints, that kind of thing.  Even the odd T Shirt.
Tudor Mint made a Hobbit and Lord of the Rings series of pewter figurines.
http://www.collecttolkien.com/Figures_Tudor_Mint_LOTR.htm
Do not disturb the water
You're rocking a sun burn there too brah
Check out the Silmarillion section "Of The Rings of Power and the Third Age".

The Elven rings are tools of preservation and wisdom. They keep some of the wonder and beauty of the First Age around them. Elrond uses his to enhance and protect Rivendell.  Galadriel makes Lothlorien what it is with hers. It also gives her her mental insight.

Gandalf uses his ring to kindle courage and inspiration in others.

If Sauron had the one he could completely control the wearers of the Three. They'd have to take them off and stop using them. 


The Three are Elven Rings as much as the Seven, or the Nine. They were all made for Elves. The Three were not instruments of domination and had a twofold function. The one was to bring Aman, the Undying Lands, to Middle-earth in their application. Hence the feeling that Lothlórien and Rivendell were out of time and out of place, "*Frodo felt that he was in a timeless land that did not fade or change or fall into forgetfulness*." (Lothlórien) 

The Elves were immortal so long as Arda existed. The Elves, however, were plagued by the process of fading where their bodies would grow weak and disintegrate because they could not long endure their spirits. Felagund spoke of how the Noldor were seeing it already after having returned to Middle-earth.

> it is not otherwise with the Quendi themselves: their health and stature is diminished. Already those of us who dwell in Middle-earth, and even we who have returned to it, find that the change of their bodies is swifter than in the beginning. And that, I judge, must forebode that they will prove less strong to last than they were designed to be, though this may not be clearly revealed for many long years. (Debate of Finrod and Andreth)

This is probably due to the Melkor ingredient in Arda. He had a terrible grip on the physical world and his influence touched a great many things born therefrom as the Elves were. To mitigate this problem is the second function of the Three. They helped to preserve the bodies of the Elves from breaking down, from fading.

> what is the whole deal with Arwen not being able to stay in Middle Earth if Sauron gets the Ring? 

This is not a thing. Arwen was never an Elf, nor her brothers. They were mortals who were given leave to delay their choice until their father Elrond left Middle-earth. If they went with him to Aman they'd become Elves as their father and grandparents had. If they chose to remain in Middle-earth they would remain mortal and share in the Doom of Men, as their uncle Elros did.

> And why was their power ended when the Ring was destroyed?

All of the Rings were bound to the One due to the ring lore exposited to the Elves by Sauron. I think of it in this way. Without their knowing there was something in the design of the Rings that Sauron introduced as a means to connect them and eventually those to a master Ring. Somewhat like a backdoor he kept them ignorant of. In order for him to initiate this connection to the One, he was forced to put more than half of his own native strength into the One. His purpose was to dominate the minds of the bearers of the Rings via the One.

> what would have happened with them if Sauron had reclaimed the One?

They were still all bound to the One. This is borne out, for example, in Galadriel's discussion with Frodo in Lórien about the One and why he and not Sam could see her Ring. Had Sauron regained the One he "*will command them all again, wherever they be, even the Three, and all that has been wrought with them will be laid bare, and he will be stronger than ever*." (The Shadow of the Past) Whatever was worked with the Rings he'd have known, and he'd ensnare the minds of the bearers. This was his grand design which he failed to accomplish the first time having sung his rhyme and thereby alerting the Elves to his treachery. They took off the Rings before they could be ensnared and hid them and did not wear them until the One was lost.
Hey thanks for posting this! I've been hoping to stumble across a lot podcast for background sound.
Yes, JMS was heavily influenced by Tolkien. But the Vorlons and the Shadows aren't so much like Elves -- the Mimbari were actually his version of the elves.

There are huge differences. Save for one corrupted "good guy," Saruman, by the time the events of LoTR take place, good and evil have large separated themselves. In B5, on the other hand, you see the same seeds of hatred in the Narn rise up in the Centauri and then goad them into genocide of the Narns. Earth gov proves evil, but many humans are still good (i.e. the ones on B5). And Londo becomes quite respectable, which is a stark contrast to Gollum, who becomes _useful_ to the good guys, but doesn't ever have a change of heart.

*Learned* magic in Middle-earth is generally referred to as sorcery and is generally evil.
Unfortunately, Tolkien doesn't give us a clear answer.

In the Silmarillion, wizards (and other Maiar) are capable of using magic. Elves can also wield magic, and made or helped make most of the magic items we see in LOTR, like the Mirror of Galadriel, the Palantiri, the swords that glow in the presence of orcs. Dwarves and ents probably can naturally use magic, but I can't think of specific examples off of the top of my head. 

I think that the only examples of human magic users we get are working for Sauron, so they might just be getting magic from him and it's not really theirs, so to speak. Of course, it's also possible that Sauron just taught the Nazgul to use magic during their lifetimes and the rings just enhance natural-but-difficult to use powers. 

Hobbits don't mess around with magic.

Then there are weird outliers like Tom Bombadil and the barrow-wights, all of whom can use magic of some kind, but I have no clue what they really are.
I'd say Beorn, the skin-changer from the *Hobbit* whose descendants still live during the *Lord of the Rings*, probably counts.  

While the exact nature and origin of his power is unknown, Tolkien wrote of him in letter 144 that he was "a skin-changer and no doubt a bit of a magician".
Tom Bombadil.
Elves learn Elf-Magic, from the words of Galadriel. 
Elves, depending on where, who, and why, can do stuff. Learned magic is usually not a thing. We assume that the Witch-King of Agmar's sorceries comes from his ring. Bombadil and Goldenberry have magics, but it's probably because they are Tulkas and his consort. Beorn can shapechange, Maiar like Balrogs, Sauron, and Istari can just do stuff. 

Magic in the LOTR world is not a learned thing with the exception of ringlore. Either you get from an artifact or you can just do it. Forget DnD or other sources, wizards or istari are literally(heh heh, cause it is in a book) Maiar(lesser angels) in a human body. Their magic is them using divine power to do what they can do. Elves healing is a mix of herbal knowledge and some wierd divine ability that some elves can do. Ringlore is only different because Sauron taught elves how to embody powers into rings, but he used his own ability to create the link that bound them to his master ring.

Tolkien was never super specific about those mechanics for, and I am guessing here, a good reason. I think he wanted it to be enigmatic, like his dwarves, so that there were mysteries, and enigmas in his world. It keeps you from knowing everything, so magic remains a mysteriously powerful, ancient force that we don't or can't comprehend just what it is or what it can do. Much more interesting than, hey this is how it works x+y=z, etc.
We know other creatures such as House elves have access to magical abilities 
If you enjoyed that you will enjoy this: https://youtu.be/VCxNLve_-O8
https://imgur.com/AdFHwFA.gifv for mobile.
This is quite good hahaha
very nice editing there.  
http://i.imgur.com/dvE6yCk.gif
Dormammu, I've come to bargain.
That gave me a much needed chuckle
You lose a few frames for something?
Big brother and little brother. 
Or Ned keeps pushing Arya :)
Give them a moment for pity's sake! 
Isildur had the ring before Gollum, he cut it from Sauron's hand. According to what little there is to go on he wasn't corrupted by it...but he was "betrayed" by it.

Plant was the one that was into Tolkien, the others not so much. I think in the case of *Ramble On* the "girl" in question is simply that: a girl. A common subject in Zeppelin lyrics.
Deagol had the ring before Gollum or Smeagol.
It was funny at first, but it became a weeaboo tribute. 
I know this subreddit is meant to be politics free, but this scene has become suddenly more relatable as of late.
I just about died laughing. My wife tells me I'm juvenile.
"I feel it in the water"

I died. 
Oh God, that's hysterical!
I love this one.  Wasnt the star that he saw Eärendil?
Definitely my favorite passage, and it largely inspired one of my favorite scenes in the movies:

> "I can’t do this, Sam."

> "I know. It’s all wrong. By rights we shouldn’t even be here. But we are. It’s like in the great stories, Mr. Frodo. The ones that really mattered. Full of darkness and danger they were. And sometimes you didn’t want to know the end. Because how could the end be happy? How could the world go back to the way it was when so much bad had happened?

> "But in the end, it’s only a passing thing, this shadow. Even darkness must pass. A new day will come. And when the sun shines it will shine out the clearer. Those were the stories that stayed with you. That meant something, even if you were too small to understand why. But I think, Mr. Frodo, I do understand. I know now. Folk in those stories had lots of chances of turning back only they didn’t. They kept going because they were holding on to something."

> "What are we holding on to, Sam?"

> "That there’s some good in this world, Mr. Frodo. And it’s worth fighting for."

Also my [favorite xkcd](https://xkcd.com/847/).
I thought for sure I was going to click and see: 

>"I wish it need not have happened in my time," said Frodo.
>
>"So do I," said Gandalf, "and so do all who live to see such times. But that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us."
That's mine too.
Excellent quote.
Now you've triggered my LOTR books nostalgia. 
I also love that passage. "Just because" is the best reason to post LotR quotes. 
Watch *The Lord of the Rings* first.  Watch *The Hobbit* if you can't get enough of it.  But watch the extended edition of all the movies if you can.

If you decide to read the books, read *The Hobbit* first.  The book is not a prequel, it's an independent book written before *The Lord of the Rings*.
Ahh, my dear friend, what I would give to be in your position.
Don't start with the hobbit. They were made assuming you had seen the lord of the rings trilogy, with several nods to them.

Watch LOTR. It's amazing. Don't watch the hobbit trilogy first as it may put you off watching LOTR or colour your view of them.
If you want the complete Tolkien story from beginning to end watch the hobbit trilogy then watch lotr trilogy.

If you want to have a story that goes from light to dark with action similar to Pirates of the Caribbean watch the hobbit trilogy. 

If you want to watch a more serious story that starts dark and gets darker with action similar to big action sequences similar to Troy watch the LOTR trilogy.

If you love what you saw from both go back and watch extended edition. It gives you a lot more back story and lore.
The LotR movies are far better than the Hobbit.  I'd start with them.  Pretty much all of the important back story from the Hobbit is explained in the LotR films, so you aren't gonna miss out on anything.  If you like LotR, then definitely go on to watch the Hobbit.  They aren't bad by any stretch of the imagination, but they pale in comparison to LotR.  If you do decide to read the books first, you can still start with LotR, but I'd recommend starting with the Hobbit.
Have you read the books and/or know the story? If no then definitely the Hobbit trilogy first as the character fates will actually be suspenseful rather than "that guy is in lotr so he's not in danger" 
If not then meh whatever you want really 
I would read The Hobbit before you watch The Hobbit movies. They may not be "bad movies" but they are a far cry from the plot and message of the book. I personally watched the movies before I read the book and it kind of ruined the book for me as I already had an image in my head of many things; it limited my imagination while reading. 
	You could watch LoTR without reading/watching the Hobbit, but definitely read the Hobbit before you watch the movies. 
I love Lord of rings movies.
I dont love the Hobbit movies. I dont even really like them. 
Don't watch the hobbit.

IMO
I'd avoid Hobbit all together. 
I think the LOTR trilogy will inspire you to watch them all, while the Hobbit movies might just kill that vibe. LOTR first, Hobbit second. LOTR extended versions if you can handle looong movies and this version of the Hobbit instead of the trilogy: https://tolkieneditor.wordpress.com/
Lotr than the hobbit for movies and i recommend the books read hobbit first.
Don't watch the hobbit. Watch LOTR
I think it's fine to watch the hobbit first. However, be aware there are a few continuity problems between the two trilogies, and these are more apparent when tou watch back to back. But I think it's better to end on astrong note.
Shit, there are some trollish responses in this thread.

I would personally prefer to read the books first, but if you are going for the movies the LotR movies are so much better than the Hobbit movies. You'll understand LotR without watching the Hobbit movies, since the LotR movies explain what happens before. So if you watch the LotR movies, you won't have to watch the filth that is the Hobbit movies.

My opinion: I massively prefer the books over the movies, but I feel the LotR movies are quite good as movies. The Hobbit movies, meh.
I would watch the hobbit first because it starts light and gets a little dark. Lotr is dark most of the time. I think it would be a bit jarring to go from the dark seriousness of return of the king to the first hobbit movie.
Brilliant, but only counts as one. 
What do your elf eyes see?
Would be a shame if it were destroyed because someone stood on it.
Way to be an asshole- please stop visiting state and national parks.
Isn't it recommended to not step on such structures to avoid damaging them?
Where is this? Utah?
Who will they blame if it falls???
You shouldn't have been up there, I think. That thing looks fragile.
Did you slide down its snout?
>Guy standing on rock

If this is all it takes, I'm about to flood this sub with *quality* posts.

You forgot to hit him with arrows
Should you be Captain Kirk?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uE-1RPDqJAY
COOOOL! :)
Bravo.
These tessellations are hard to make. (i've tried) I love MC Escher work too. 


This is great! Would love to see more such art.
Always loved this part, both in the books and the movie.
Although I was kinda bummed they didn't have Glorfindel in the movies. Such a badass!
I've had some fairly long arguments on the topic before hand, but I'm running low on time, so I won't go into terrible detail right now.

The quick answer is, I believe the First movie is at it's core a pretty decent movie, with a few bad parts.

The Second movie is a fundamentally bad movie, with a few decent parts.

There is no movie, in the entirety of published film, that I despise as vehemently as *The Battle of Five Armies*. Not only does it fail spectacularly when considered in isolation (to say, only as a movie), but it takes a giant steaming shit on the source material. It belies not only a complete inability of the creators to understand the book, but also a complete indifference on their part to any semblance of creating a story with a similar tone or theme. The entire movie is a goddamn travesty that should never have existed.
Unpleasant movies to watch, but with some very interesting moments (when the pointless action scenes paused for a second). 

E.g. Balin talking to Thorin in Bilbo's house about how they didn't need to go to the Lonley Mountain because Thorin had already given them a good life. 

Or the expansion of the dwarves into characters

Or making the dwarves sympathetic. 

But I'll never forgive what they made Smaug into - a bumbling pompous idiot. 

Check out the Maple Edit of all three movies into one shorter one.  Its basically seamless and leaves most of the chaff (Gandalf's solo adventure, Radagast, the romance and much of the pointless action) on the cutting room floor.
Go get the Maple Films edit! Soooooo good. Pretty much the best version of the Hobbit we could get. Totally changed my viewing experience. Now I can watch that, then the LoTR trilogy and have a wonderful Middle-Earth weekend. 
I loved every second of watching the Hobbit movies, and now I'm playing through Lego The Hobbit and loving it as well.  That's not to say that I can't imagine many different ways that those movies could be better.  Also, they make every scene in the original LOTR trilogy look like masterful works of art by comparison.
Peter Jackson milked the Hobbit painfully. All for gold, sadly. And he made Radagast into a clown. Fir shame . . . 
Theyre good quality movies if you look at every aspect, from the music, the set, the make up, the acting, etc. They are a fun interpretation of the book and if you dont get all butt hurt about every single detail then they can be very enjoyable. 
Should never have been three movies. One, Maybe two.
(Please downvote appropriately, noticed a few disagreeing opinions, it's better to downvote a troll than someone with a different opinion)
The hobbit movies were absolute garbage
My only input here is that I actually prefer the DVDs to the Blurays. I think the CGI shows its age in HD to a greater degree, especially in FotR. Kills immersion a bit when you can tell that characters are animated in mass scenes. 
AFAIK the quality in terms of resolution, clarity and detail is slightly better in the EE, but there is a color difference in the EE FotR which seems to have a green tint that permeates through the entire movie. Now I'm a bit of a quality freak, but the color of the EE Fellowship doesn't bother me because I simply never watched the HD theatrical version. You can see the differences if you google for 'fellowship of the ring green tint'.

I care much more about the extended editions than some creative decision pertaining to the movie's color that may or may not have been intentional, so I wouldn't stress too much about it.  
It's so bad that I actually laughed a bit. 
That's great! Haha
One thing I might change is say "a ring wraith walks into a bar" that way the punchline hits a little harder
I don't get it. :/
I cringed so hard I hit orbit.

Then I laughed. Take an update you bastard.
I feel like this could go on r/dadjokes lol
My dad walked me down the aisle dressed as Gandalf. 
*Don't* use a symbol of evil and domination as your wedding ring.

Also, search this sub's history - tonnes of people have tried this before.
I bought a plaque for the bridal or gift table with Arwen's quote: 

“I would rather spend one life time with you than face all of the ages of this world alone”
[Boutonnière](http://imgur.com/zTSwPmO) made from a page of *LotR*. Still my [most-upvoted link submission](https://www.reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/36yqcr/im_getting_married_today_my_boutonni%C3%A8re_is_made/), but that's not exactly a hard record to have as I mostly comment.
Not my actual wedding, but on my... 8th-ish anniversary I took my wife's name - Melissa - translated the Greek, "honey bee," and translated that meaning to Quenya (maybe Sindarin, it's been a while), and wrote it in Elvish and used it in a poem/letter to her.

PS: "Honey Bee" in elvish isn't as cute as "Melissa."
How *will* I?

I want to be married outside, under the trees, and if I can find someone who would be willing, dressed as Beren and Luthien.

Pick the ring carefully.
Our sweetheart table had a framed map of Middle-earth on it, and a friend of mine (much more well versed in the languages than I am) gave us the Quenya/Tengwar script for "beloved lord" and "beloved lady", which the maid of honor then inscribed on our toasting glasses.
No, the ring is a part of Sauron.  It does not enhance his power, only controls the week.  Morgorth is a higher being and even when all the beings on his same level came together they could be army defeat him.
Edoras. 

Also the hall of the King is Meduseld, not "the Mark". 


The Mark is the entire country, it is an old-fashioned word for 'March', a border region (in this case, of Gondor). So the Riddermark is basically the 'Rider's March' or 'Knight's March'. There are quite a few places named after a march today, for example Denmark (March of the Danes).

But for Rohan, the capital is called Edoras, and the house of Théoden is called Meduseld or the Golden Hall. 
The Mark, IIRC, is short for "Riddermark," which is Rohan itself. You're thinking of the hall Meduseld, in the city of Edoras.
Jealous 
Where did you get it?
If you want a 1st Edition, 1st printing, it can be yours for the low low price of $2400!

http://www.ebay.com/itm/FELLOWSHIP-OF-THE-RING-1954-True-U-S-1st-Edition-1st-Printing-w-Map-Tolkein-/111422992807?hash=item19f153f1a7:g:GVEAAOSwd4tTyzqA
Sorry everyone, it's actually the 13th impression! 
This looks amazing.
Tolkien's books are some of the most widely read fiction and fantasy books, so good choice (ok, they are my favourite books) :)

I wouldn't put much stock in the different LotR wikis that exist, they often get stuff either a bit wrong, or completely wrong.

Short explanation: the origin story of Arda (the world where Middle-earth is) is that Eru Ilúvatar (God) created the Ainur, a bunch of angel-like people, and together they created the world. Sauron is one of those original spirits that went rogue.

But the main characters don't really know the history of their own world. I think it's best to just read the books in order: The Hobbit, Lord of the Rings + Appendices, and then move on to the Silmarillion. The Silmarillion has origin stories for a lot of things that are mentioned in LotR. And then read LotR again, this time with more knowledge than most of the characters have. On the first reading you learn along with the characters.
[he](http://lotr.wikia.com/wiki/Sauron) is basically a fallen angel, created by god, and wanted to challenge god which presumably is all a part of gods plan anyways..
This is my very sketch, very basic understanding of the Silmarillion, which is a real joy if you want to read it someday.

So. Sauron is a Maiar. if we're going in tiers he's right under the Valar, which are the "gods" (think Greek mythology gods) created by the one God, Iluvatar. So Iluvatar --> Valar --> Maiar. 

Originally, the "Big Bad" was Melkor, one of the original Valar. After Iluvatar created the Valar, they all joined together singing a song to create the universe. All of their songs did different themes but they were all in tune, and then Melkor came along and decided to sing his own tune, which basically wove evil into the fabric of the universe. But then Iluvatar said "No, I'm going to work his evil theme into something that will make my music even more beautiful." It's pretty great. So then basically what followed is Melkor (now named Morgoth) basically waging a long war against the Valar and all their creations (screwing with the Elves, Men, Dwarves, sending giant spiders to eat the sun and moon, stealing jewels, etc.). Sauron was his lieutenant. Eventually he got taken down by the Valar, but later on Sauron decided to establish a cult for Morgoth and set himself up as his representative (this cult was based on offering men immortality in exchange for human sacrifice. FUN!) 

So things escalated from there, but I think that covers his backstory. A real winner, that guy. 
The DNC put forward a weak candidate with ties to Wall Street and the disillusioned white working class voted against the establishment. 
This is the best explanation I've found without reading the other material

The Lord of the Rings Mythology Explained: http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxeoRCcZHfd6dVWFDis_X6HLdYlb_TE0t
Analysis of Track 2: Concerning Hobbits

First we have an introduction given by the cellos and bassoons to set the "hobbit" mood. Notice that in most of the other tracks, the low
strings, when played by themselves, give a kind of foreboding. Here, by playing them staccato (detached) and playing 1-5-8-5-1-5-8 which is
tonal it gives it a more playful sound. (The numbers refer to the notes of the scale. If you are in C then C is 1, D is 2, E is 3 and so forth.)
At :05 the tin whistle, I believe, gives us Frodo's theme when he says, "It's wonderful to see you Gandalf!". Notice that it is played light and
airy, in other words, there is little bass and completely tonal. This is definitely our happy Frodo! The theme also has many ornamentations such
as grace notes and slides which is a folk derivative. The high strings take over the cello part, which helps maintain a steady, but very subtle
beat. Almost all of the tracks have a lot of dissonance in them and the fact that this is so tonal makes the music seem very folk like. The
harmony is also quite simple in its form.
This time at :23 the bassoons play the 1-5-8-5-1-5-8 intro by themselves. This is where Frodo asks about the outside world.
At :28 a solo violin plays the folk like melody. Each note is very attached to make it sound like a fiddle which is a folk instrument. A
harpsichord is added playing the notes of each chord one at a time to give a very simple accompaniment. The fact that HS used harpsichord
instead of piano makes it seem even more folk like and detached. (A piano hits the strings and a harpsichord plucks them.) The strings also
do what I call a boom-chuck-chuck, boom-chuck-chuck which is also very simple in it's form and gives a kind of humor to the music. This is
where Gandalf says, "Well, what can I tell you?" and you see Hobbiton for the first time.
At :43 we hear a version of Frodo's theme again while we see the market place at Hobbiton. The music is very legato (opposite of detached) and
the contrast makes this section seem very warm and inviting. However, you can still hear the harpsichord still playing its detached notes in
the background to continue the happy/playful side of the hobbits.
At :54 the solo violin enters again as we see the "Happy Birthday Bilbo Baggins" sign raised. The music also raises in pitch to help the
expectation of the party. This doesn't last very long since Gandalf changes the subject to Bilbo at...
1:04. Here the music changes to a more serious tone, a premonition perhaps? There is no tune until 1:13, just held chords by the strings.
It's like the playfulness of the hobbits paused for a moment of foreboding. However, there is still no dissonance here.
Of course it doesn't last very long because at 1:18 Frodo changes the subject and tells Gandalf that he can keep his secrets and the
boom-chuck-chuck and harpsichord returns. Then he says, "Whatever you did, you've been officially labeled as a disturber of the.....
peace." Which is right on 1:36. Here the violins play even more staccato, any more and I don't think the note would exist ;), with the
addition of the flute to give it as much of a humorous tone quality as possible as the grumpy old hobbit gives Gandalf the grim look.
Then we see the countryside again with the young hobbits running toward Gandalf's cart at 1:44. Frodo's theme comes back played very lyrically,
again to give us the warm, fuzzy hobbit feeling.
At 1:57 the hobbit children cheer for the fireworks and we get the interaction with the grumpy hobbit and his wife. The music returns to the light
and detached theme to say that this is funny. I think the wife's glare happens at the silence at 2:07.
At 2:15 as Frodo says, "Gandalf – I'm glad you're back." His theme returns so we can end with the warm fuzzies as Gandalf pulls up to Bag End.

- Talagawen


It doesn't exactly answer your question, but you might like [this video.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7BkmF8CJpQ)
I've found another composer that mixes together Celtic sounding flute and symphony far before Howard Shore, it really reminds me of the Lord of the Rings (and was written in 1924): [Ralph Vaughan William's English Folk Song Suite](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0sC4xbyT5c). You should give it a listen!
[I found this video on youtube which was interesting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSNcrx3Cd1k)
There is a section on Howard Shore and his score in the FotR special features DVD. I don't think it addresses all your questions, but it might help. 

I'm interested in why you feel there's a strong Irish/Gaelic influence in the Shire. It seems like a idealised prosaic English countryside (the kind that Tolkien spent time at,  in his youth). 
Videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r5bunft?feature=playlist)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[The Lord of the Rings BTS - 02.11 - Music for Middle Earth](https://youtube.com/watch?v=zSNcrx3Cd1k)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/5bunft/_/d9ru95n?context=10#d9ru95n) - I found this video on youtube with was interesting 
[Ralph Vaughan Williams - English Folk Song Suite](https://youtube.com/watch?v=D0sC4xbyT5c)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/5bunft/_/d9rr90z?context=10#d9rr90z) - I've found another composer that mixes together Celtic sounding flute and symphony far before Howard Shore, it really reminds me of the Lord of the Rings (and was written in 1924): Ralph Vaughan William's English Folk Song Suite. You should give it a...
[Lord Of The Rings: How Music Elevates Story](https://youtube.com/watch?v=e7BkmF8CJpQ)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/5bunft/_/d9ri3ax?context=10#d9ri3ax) - It doesn't exactly answer your question, but you might like this video. 
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Play All](http://subtletv.com/_r5bunft?feature=playlist&ftrlnk=1) | [Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | Get it on [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf) / [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/mentioned-videos-for-reddit)
>Would he regain his physical form like in the War of the Last Alliance? 

Sauron already has physical form at the time of LotR. He doesn't need the ring to do it.

>Would it just fuel the armies of Mordor enough to take over Middle Earth? 

The ring is a tool to dominate the minds of others, **especially** the minds of the holders of the rings of power.  Gandalf, Galadriel and Elrond would have to stop using their Rings or they would become slaves of Sauron. He could also use it to dominate the minds of other leaders/people,  making it that much easier to rule middle Earth. 

>Would literally any of the humans who sided with Mordor survive or did would they all get screwed over?

Likely he would keep them as slaves or vassals. Sauron is about control,  not nihilistic destruction (that's Morgoth)

>I ask because it seems Sauron is already doing everything he can to take over the free world. He's got tens of thousands of goblins, trolls, and other monstrosities at his command. The world of men is totally divided and weak. What's he really need the ring for? I understand shit would hit the fan but I just don't see the plan exactly- I really only see the ring regarded as this insanely powerful weapon but it didn't really protect Sauron from a sword swing and it hardly protects Isildur, Gollum, or Frodo in their possession of it. What is it going to do? 

I think I addressed this sufficiently above - the ring is not a conventional weapon and Sauron is not a great warrior. He's a manipulator. 

I'll add this - Sauron has basically already won. He has the biggest armies,  best position etc. His fear is that someone will use the ring against him to enhance their own power and use its domination to raise an army and strike him down, becoming King themselves.  He's worried about Aragorn, Gandalf, Galadriel and Elrond. The latter three likely have the strength to wrench the ring to their own control, but they would still become evil,  because it's a tool that does evil things. Remember Galadriel's speech about taking the ring? 

**That's** why Sauron is desperately seeking it, because he could lose if someone sufficiently powerful used it. He *should* be worried that someone will try to destroy it but it doesn't enter his wildest dreams that they would do something that is, from his point of view,  tactically stupid. 

E: The chapter The Council of Elrond explains this much better than I can. 
I think they deliberately left it out of the movies, because having a good guy like Gandalf admit to what is basically torture would be a bit iffy. They also left out his horse-thievery.
It would be cool, but Ian Mckellan is aging and playing a major role in something like The Lord of the Rings is very tiring. 
It's not expressly stated. But I am inclined to think he remained in that form until he died again and returned to Valinor in his maia form.
Correct me if im wrong...   but wasnt it so that Galadriel, Gandalf, Frodo, etc went to Tol Eressea instead of Valinor?
I was hoping Peter Jackson would direct and the movies would be longer than Tolkien's actual life span.
Now we are tolkien. 
For anyone who is interested in learning more about Tolkien's WW1 service I'd highly recommend the book 'Tolkien and the Great War: The Threshold of Middle-earth' by John Garth.


Just throw some makeup on Gary Oldman. 
Can't wait to see Tolkien surf down a trench on an uruk-hai shield, before launching it and impaling an axis soldier. 
Another one?! I don't want to complain but what happened to the others? *Tolkien and Lewis* has supposedly been "in development" for years now, and there was another one I can't remember - possibly simply titled *Tolkien*? Then there was *The Lion Awakes*, but I believe that was indeed cancelled. And the writers moved on to create something practically identical called *Jack & Tollers*, but that seems to be an indie film that hasn't got off the ground. And that adaptation *Mirkwood*? I feel like these ideas keep creeping up but nothing really comes of it. 
You'd think six years of research would enable someone to actually call it *Middle-earth* instead of *Middle Earth*.
Tolkien's Life Matters   
Tolkien to be played by Rami Malek.
What are folks thoughts on who would be best to play him at this point?
Awesome!
Jonathan Pryce!!! Please cast him.
This will probably kill Christopher Tolkien... and then Peter Jackson can direct The Silmarillion.
I hope they delve into his little allegory fetish :)
The correct phrasing at the end should be:

Ooooonnnneeee GOLden ring
> The King of the Nazgul (KotN) fingered the safety buckle that secured the shortsword in it's scabbard. It was modeled after the Gladius design, making it wholly inadequate for going up against Elven armour, but it was perfectly suited for being jammed in the collarbone of a Hobbit 'merc, without calling too much attention to it's owner. His XO, "Camel" Khamul had used a similar weapon in numerous CoIN missions in North Gondor, where he had been sent to disrupt "Elrond's" supply fellowships sneaking down the Is-ild-ur trail.

> The KotN smiled, even without a head. This mission was almost going to be a mead-run. Taking out a squad of sleeping halflings was going to be easier than slaying Wyvyrns sitting on a tarmac...

> -Hunt for the Ring, Tom Clancy
Nice! I just re-bought the animated version on dvd after previously owning it on vhs only. This post made me want to watch it this evening. Gandalf seems super agile in these ones :P Scenes seem to be rather short though, makes me wonder if there was even more material of the fight that got cutted and lost afterwards
Needs more smoldering.
I'm assuming it says:

*Ash nazg durbatulûk, ash nazg gimbatul,*

*Ash nazg thrakatulûk agh burzum-ishi krimpatul.*

That's the Ring Inscription:

*One Ring to rule them all.*

*One Ring to find them.*

*One Ring to bring them all.*

*And in the darkness bind them.*
What if a very old friend came by your wedding?
Just sent this picture to my fiancé with "Please?!?!?!?!?!?" We shall see what happens. This is an amazing idea. 

Edit: She said that we could have it! Thank you OP for sharing.
I can sympathize - our tables were all named after Middle Earth locations. Head table was Rivendell. Congrats!
My cousin was at your wedding yesterday. My sister as well. You have some elvish written in your leather book thing. You're welcome. I'm pretty heavy into the Quenya language and gave them some things to write.
/u/FearTheBeard513 you should have done this at the wedding 
My husband and I had this sign too!! Congratulations btw!! 💕
I like that.  That's the funny thing about marriages...if you don't keep your feet you never know where you'll be swept off to.

Congratulations.
Must be one helluva honeymoon if you're on Reddit. 
Nice :)  gratz
Sooo good
"Unwanted guest" that's one hell of an oxymoron.

Nice sign tho.
LOVE!
[deleted]
I cannot urge you enough: definitely read The Hobbit first. It's a very quick read, it was written first and it takes place before the trilogy. It's a great introduction to Middle-Earth and as you know events in The Hobbit directly influence the Lord of the Rings. 
Yes.

And read The Children of Hurin after. 
The Hobbit narrated by Rob Inglis is great. You should definitely listen to it first
I mean, it's not necessary, but i highly recommend it!!
did the same last year
https://www.instagram.com/p/9xVTW3lvsp/?taken-by=adamhill_1992
Is it for a specific class? That would help with finding an angle to approach it, however, if not, the 6 movies perfectly illustrate how even the smallest actions (we see them as being small) can impact others. For example, Bilbo keeping the ring, or Gandalf letting Bilbo to keep the ring without him inspecting it. That impacted the whole story of the 3 LOTR movies. There is obviously a lot more, I just didn't want to write an essay and make you read it before you could give a little more info! 
Why would the school not let you do the books? That seems ridiculous
The Name of the Wind by Patrick Rothfuss

A Wizard of Earthsea by Ursula Leguinn.

The Eye of the World by Robert Jordan.

Northern Lights by Phillip Pullman (known as The Golden Compass in the USoA)

Or more Tolkien

The Children of Hurin 

The Silmarillion. (Beware - this is like Tolkien's history of the all middle earth from the perspective of the elves. It reads a bit like an old greek history text or the bible. It is awesome though!)
A Song Of Ice And Fire?

And definitely the two Tolkien books the previous poster mentioned.
Interesting point in that write up that I experience too. I leave theatres feeling like I should have enjoyed a movie more than I did. I feel that mostly with Marvel cinematic movies, but also felt it most films I go see at the cinema including the hobbit and james bond.

Is it me? Am I depressed? Am I sick of movies? Or is it the movies that have gone downhill? Some people rave about how amazing Dr Strange is, but I found it to be kinda meh. I love Star Trek, and can see that Beyond is a better film than into darkness, yet came out of the cinema sort of happy but also a bit meh about the whole thing. All these movies seem better constructed than ever before, with the most amazing spectacles and action. They also seem to have decent plots and characters. I just don't get into them nearly as much as, say, when I first saw LOTR or Casino Royale or Iron Man 1.
Treks lame.  I really liked the hobbit movies. 
>TLOTR

Had to really think about that one
That's amazing!! Good stuff!
my granddad loves lotr too, but he never watched the movies and has forgotten most of it so I can't do the same :\
OMG. Just saw one of these in Boston recently.
http://imgur.com/WQDPX1f
(SHDWFX white motorcycle plate)
Yamaha R6?
Bilbo would have ended up just like Gollum.  It's quintessential to the story that Bilbo discovers The Ring whilst in a moment of pity and mercy.
Then the Ring would have fallen into the hands of Sauron. 
Bilbo wouldn't become a hero. Frodo wouldn't become a hero. Sauron would still begin the search for the ring, and would've probably found it, IMO. End of story, no everyday deeds of ordinary folk would've kept darkness at bay. That's how I love to see it.

Edit: grammar
that's actually a very good question since Gollum really had a big influence on the Lord of the Rings and Hobbit story

I think most of the hobbit would have played out the same.

 But in the Lord of the Rings when Frodo and Sam get lost Gollum is the only one who could have helped them find the Black Gate. 

Even if they would find it without his help they would try to run through the Black Gate just like they tried in the movie before Gollum stopped them and most likely get captured since they didn't know of any secret passages like Gollum did.
I think Sam would have ended up tackling Frodo into the lava...if they would have made it that far with no guide Frodo and Sam were gonna try and walk through the black gate for fucks sake Gollum was kinda needed even if he did try to Fuck on them
well for starters Sauron probably wouldn't have learned about the ring. 
How do people build something like that? 
Absolutely amazing.
MCME for the win!
I always find things like this impressive.  I spent the entirety of my short Minecraft career building a massive dick made of gold.
saved to favourites bar.
I SEEEEE YOUUUUUU
The great EYE is ever watchful!
Source: http://www.bluedinosaur.net/
>I don't know ~~half of you~~ her half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of ~~you~~ her half as well as ~~you~~ she deserves.
"Never laugh at live dragons."
 
But seriously, I think "Deep roots are not reached by the frost" can have strong applicability here. 
I'm not sure if this is too pretentious or strange or what, but ["Now I understand why we have waited! This is the end.] Now not day only shall be beloved, but night too shall be beautiful and blessed and all its fear pass away!" 

— Frodo, from ROTK, at Arwen and Aragorn's wedding

There's one of my all-time favourites: "May it be a light to you in dark places, when all other lights go out." That's obviously Sam, in RotK, about Earendil's light.

A lot of LotR quotes are like that - about things being beautiful *despite* grief, danger or pain. The sweetest ones seem to be about home, family, or loyalty, not about romantic love, and they're very character-specific. That said, there are probably more relevant quotes out there than the ones I've just found.

From the RotK **movie only**, if she doesn't mind that: "I would rather share one lifetime with you than face all the ages of this world alone." 

There's also Leaf by Niggle, Tolkien's (non-LotR) short story, and his other works (the Sil/UT/HomE) in the legendarium. But I'm not sure if you wanted anything non-LotR.
I knew what it would be before I clicked.  I love that passage.  I love the implication that Aragorn's spirit may have returned there after he passed.

It's also interesting to note that Aragorn and Arwen Undómiel were trothed on Cerin Amroth, and she also came there to die when her time came.
Did any of the texts ever leave even a hint of a chance morgoth might one day escape and the balrogs would return to fight. 
Durin's Bane. The last of its kind.
My heart races and my eyes water up whenever the fellowship plays. It's absolutely insane that a movie soundtrack can do that to a normally emotionless bastard such as myself.
The soundtrack is a major contributing factor to the success of the film's in my opinion. They're so alive with emotion and slide into the adaptation Peter Jackson created so effortlessly.
What's interesting is that, by themselves, there are other film scores that I prefer listening to. Yet in terms of watching the films, there's not a single one that comes close to the Lord of the Rings score that evokes such emotion in me.
I got to play 1st Horn for a special youth symphony concert where we did over 3 hours of original arrangements. The Hobbit theme had been the music for my brother's funeral a few years previous. One of the most heartfelt experiences in my life.
Gave me goosebumps, beautiful.
I knew the score was fantastic, but it didn't know it was this Divine
I actually downloaded almost half of the score for lotr on my phone for a 4 week backpacking trip through the Sierra nevadas. Needless to say it was glorious 
Same for allot of films, star wars for example wouldent have had half the emotion if any.
This was amazing 
I'm gonna put the CD in my stereo right now...
Love what this video is trying to do, but the narrator talks through so many of the examples, it's very difficult to hear what he's trying to get us to listen to.
[A well utilised score is arguably one of the weak points of Marvel movies](https://youtu.be/7vfqkvwW2fs)
This is one of the things I love about these films.
It's also one of the things that irks me most about the Hobbit films; they lack the musical continuity of the previous trilogy.
For example, I love the "Over Hill" adventuring theme in AUJ, but you never hear it again in any of the other Hobbit movies.  

the ring goes south is my all time favorite 
Howard Shore and Hans Zimmer.... my goodness can those men pace a movie with a soundtrack. 
MOOOAAARRRR!
5:50

[...] And Legolas jumps on his shield like a skateboard and totally rides it down the stairs. And he's shooting arrows like a mother-fucker and it is seriously really cool. He is wrecking shit.
 This looked like it took a lot of effort from those kids. Good job.
As a Polish person, this is a classic here. All my friends have seen this at some point. 
They Sweded the shit out of that! 
This is so cool. I'm 19 years old and this is like a blast from the past of my own childhood, thinking about my friends and I reacting LOTR. Honestly, if you were young enough to see them as a kid, at some point you did this, although not to this level of skill. 
What kind of sick childhood is that?  Don't those kids have video games and smart phones?  /s
I audibly burst out laughing at 9:05. This is pretty great.
This is so impressive 
Watching something like this makes me totally understand people that LARP (I know these kids aren't larpers). That longing to do this kind of kid stuff again and just doing it and having fun with it. I don't see myself as a larp guy, but larpers.. do your thing
/r/deepintoyoutube
Reminds me of r/sweded/
Oh my god, I remember that, I've seen that in like ~2009
Wow they are going to get laid in college
>Like when galadriel sends Sauron away not gandalf.

Despite what Peter Jackson would have you believe, Gandalf credits *Saruman* with running Sauron out of Dol Guldur:

>For Saruman the White is the greatest of my order.  Radagast is, of course, a worthy Wizard, a master of shapes and changes of hue; and he has much lore of herbs and beasts, and birds are especially his friends.  But Saruman has long studied the arts of the Enemy himself, and thus we have often been able to forestall him.  **It was by the devices of Saruman that we drove him from Dol Guldur.**  It might be that he had found some weapon that would drive back the Nine.
1. It isn't really like that in the books. Blame Fran and Peter.

2. Gandalf (and the rest of the Istari) has specifically been limited in the power he was allowed to use in the fight against Sauron. Why? So that the people's of Middle Earth don't just defer to the Maiar and be ruled by them, and perhaps also to avoid another "Sinking of Beleriand" situation. 

In any case, it's clear the wizards are there to inspire and advise, not conquer.
Gandalf isn't allowed to use his power to coerce Elves or Men to do what he wants. He is mostly just a councellor, allowed to inspire people, but not order hem around. Aside from how this is depicted in the movies, Galadriel is a powerful and influential person herself. She sent Gwaihir (who seems to be the chief of the Eagles) to search for Gandalf after he perished in the fight with the Balrog, and Gandalf was clothed in white in Lothlórien, and was healed there. Possibly Galadriel has also been in Middle-earth longer than Gandalf, although we don't know much about Gandalf's early doings. 

Anyway, the Elves generally have great respect for Gandalf, and vice versa. Círdan gave him the Ring Narya, Elrond gives him great praise during the Counril of Elrond. When Gandalf the White meets Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli, he brings more or less prophetic messages. Galadriel's messages are that Aragorn should seek the Paths of the Dead, and she tells Legolas he will not rest after he has heard the cries of gulls and that it would spark his desire for the Sea. 
The Wizards tended to not make a display of their powers so that they would not shake the people, "*the emissaries were forbidden to... seek to rule the wills of Men or Elves by open display of power*" (The Istari). They were indeed powerful, lesser peers of Sauron "*they must be mighty, peers of Sauron*", but as Aragorn said to the Hobbits in Bree they basically only saw Gandalf's fireworks.

> Gandalf is greater than you Shire-folk know - as a rule you can only see his jokes and toys. [Strider]

When Sauron was chased from Dol Guldur it was a feint on his part anyway since he had been prepared to leave. Galadriel herself is one of the mightiest Elves in history. She is not just some Elf. Those comparable to her are her uncle Fëanor and her cousin Lúthien. [Lesser Elves than her have killed Balrogs](https://www.reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/4zq4jh/could_galadriel_have_beaten_a_fullypowered/d6xya4a/).
Viggo could have made a great Bond.
God damn he's still looking fine as shit. 
Say what you want, but this actually made me read a wiki article about the colony disappearance disorder. 

I don't beelieve it.
Flea saves bees. 
Vijjio Morgansteiiin!
We'll see who brings in more honey. 
3 golden hair strings
Watch the movies.  You will surely understand the subject better and you would also be doing yourself a huge favor.
what is the budget? is it the type of secret santa where the gift should be funny/a joke gift, or handmade? 
I know I'm asking for the Tolkien 2017 calendar for myself for Christmas, I know it's mostly based on the Hobbit illustrations though
https://www.amazon.com/dp/0008163391/ref=wl_it_dp_o_pC_nS_ttl?_encoding=UTF8&colid=2ADN5QCOJGTSX&coliid=IXH4FLDNE8WPD
Mad skills!
The only thing missing are the jewels encrusted in his belly.
[deleted]
>One thing that has always caused me some confusion when reading the works of Tolkien is the inconsistencies that are present between the supposed strengths of the various races. Take the Valar and their war against Morgoth: Morgoth is stated to be the most powerful of the Ainur and is able to give the Valar significant troubles over the years, and is proven very difficult to defeat as seen in the War of Wrath. Yet Fingolfin, a mere Elf is capable of wounding Morgoth in a one on one duel.

Okay,  this one is specifically addressed in the Valaquenta. Morgoth starts off with a slight edge over Manwe but as time goes on dissapates his energy into the things he creates/alters. Orcs, Trolls, giant wolves, Dragons etc all take some investment of personal strength in the same way that Sauron invests himself into the ring. Thus Morgoth is far weaker than the other Valar as time goes on. 

See also: Melian the Maia is able to fence out Morgoth indefinitely. Luthien kicks Sauron's butt. Morgoth fears the Sun.


>Furthermore, Glorfindel's victory over a Balrog: A Maiar that is significantly more powerful than an Elf. Compare this to Gandalf's fight with another Balrog in Moria, where they fought for 10 days and both of them were killed. Glorfindel is no where near the strength of Gandalf, who is also a Maiar, and it should not have been possible. To make this seem even more unreasonable, Gandalf was also wearing a ring of power in this battle, and the Balrog still killed him. Perhaps the Balrog Glorfindel faced was significantly less powerful than the one Gandalf defeated, but regardless Balrogs are still Maiar. 

Two things.  Firstly,  the text where Glorfindel defeats a Balrog significantly predates the Lord of the Rings and Tolkien changed his mind over time whether there would be a huge army of weaker Balrogs or a small number of very strong Balrogs. 

Secondly, the Elven rings are not weapons - it helps Gandalf not at all to have one when fighting the Balrog. Even the One ring is a tool of domination, not strength.  Also - the Istari are truly bound to their bodies and limited in their power in Middle Earth. This is to prevent another "sinking of Beleriand" situation and to avoid Men just worshipping them or letting them rule. 


>Another example is Ecthelion's victory over the greatest Balrog Gothmog simply by pushing him into a fountain to extinguish his flame. 


Textual history strikes again I believe. Remember the Silmarillion was assembled by Christopher Tolkien from many drafts and some of them are conflicting in detail.


Finally,  remember,  small people with courage, self sacrifice and a bit of "luck" (nudges from Eru?) can achieve amazing things in this world. Look at Sam and Shelob. Or Frodo and Sauron! 

This is not **Dragon Ball Z** - "power level" is not a reliable measure of who can beat whom in a fight. 

It wasn't due to Morgoth bring slow in his armor that allowed Fingolfin to wound him. It all stems from Tolkien's philosophy that evil spends itself. Morgoth spent his power in his corruption of the earth and in the raising of his armies and destruction that he wrought. The sum total of the power of the Morgoth who contended with the Valar and Ainur in the beginning was equal to the totality of of the power of Morgoth's host. Morgoth himself became lesser as his evil spread throughout the world. That power was lost to Morgoth forever, but remained in his host. That is why the War of Wrath was so damaging but Morgoth himself couldn't fight back. In the end, he was a shell of his former self. Fingolfin was also not some mere elf; he was the High King of the Noldor, born in Aman before the fading of the Trees and consumed by rage and grief. There was a power in him that meant he could fight, but never be victorious.

For the other cases. 

With Glorfindel and the Balrog,  Glorfindel wasn't just a mere elf either. He was an elf-lord of Gondolin and mighty even among Turgon's folk. Even then, he was killed in the fight. Gandalf was limited in the use of his power while in middle-earth and as such could hardly be considered mightier.

As for Eärendil fighting Ancalagon the Black, we have seen other dragons slain by mortal men in Turin's slaying of Glaurung. While Ancalagon was the mightest of the dragons to ever live, Eärendil was the scion of perhaps the greatest line in the history of the first age and was in a ship set into the sky by the Ainur and he was in possession of a silmaril and was being aided by the eagles of Manwe at the height of their strength alongside untold other Ainur. 

The elves were in the youth of their people and the springtime of the power. They were at their mightiest and even then only a few of the elves could hope to contend with the Ainur and when they did, most often they died.  Contending with Morgoth meant facing the sum of all his power in the end, a power that was greater than all the other Valar. Of course it would be a difficult battle and in the end it destroyed Beleriand. 

Hope this clears up some of this.
Also, Glorfindel and Ecthelion were enormously powerful elves. 
It has already been mentioned that the conception of how powerful Balrogs were varied over the course of writing. But aside from that, it is heavily implied even in LotR that Glorfindel is powerful. In his own words, when he meets the pre-Fellowship on the way to Rivendell:

>  They said that the Nine were
abroad, and that you were astray bearing a great burden without guidance, for 
Gandalf had not returned. There are few even in Rivendell that can ride openly
against the Nine; but such as there were, Elrond sent out north, west, and
south. It was thought that you might turn far aside to avoid pursuit, and
become lost in the Wilderness.

That implies he is powerful enough to 'ride openly against the Nine'. 

Then he says:

> 'It was my lot to take the Road, and I came to the Bridge of Mitheithel,
and left a token there, nigh on seven days ago. Three of the servants of
Sauron were upon the Bridge, but they withdrew and I pursued them westward. I
came also upon two others, but they turned away southward.

So it seems he is dangerous enough to make a bunch of Ringwraiths withdraw.

When Frodo awakens in Rivendell, Gandalf says this:

>  And here in Rivendell there live still some of his chief
foes: the Elven-wise, lords of the Eldar from beyond the furthest seas. They
do not fear the Ringwraiths, for those who have dwelt in the Blessed Realm
live at once in both worlds, and against both the Seen and the Unseen they
have great power.'

> 'I thought that I saw a white figure that shone and did not grow dim like
the others. Was that Glorfindel then?'

> 'Yes, you saw him for a moment as he is upon the other side: one of the
mighty of the Firstborn. He is an Elf-lord of a house of princes. Indeed there
is a power in Rivendell to withstand the might of Mordor, for a while: and
elsewhere other powers still dwell. 

Then he says this about the chase to the Ford:

>  The Riders made straight for
you, as soon as you fled. They did not need the guidance of their horses any
longer: you had become visible to them, being already on the threshold of
their world. And also the Ring drew them. Your friends sprang aside, off the
road, or they would have been ridden down. They knew that nothing could save
you, if the white horse could not. The Riders were too swift to overtake, and
too many to oppose. On foot even Glorfindel and Aragorn together could not
with stand all the Nine at once.

So on foot they could not withstand the Nine, even Glorfindel and Aragorn together. And (but?) later he says:

> There they hastily kindled fire; for Glorfindel knew that a flood would come
down, if the Riders tried to cross, and then he would have to deal with any
that were left on his side of the river. The moment the flood appeared, he
rushed out, followed by Aragorn and the others with flaming brands. Caught
between fire and water, and seeing an Elf-lord revealed in his wrath, they
were dismayed, and their horses were stricken with madness. Three were carried
away by the first assault of the flood; the others were now hurled into the
water by their horses and overwhelmed.'

So they at least feared 'an Elf-lord revealed in his wrath'.

To contrast, Gandalf says this about his encounter with the Nine:

> 'I galloped to Weathertop like a gale, and I reached it before sundown on
my second day from Bree-and they were there before me. They drew away from me,
for they felt the coming of my anger and they dared not face it while the Sun
was in the sky. But they closed round at night, and I was besieged on the
hill-top, in the old ring of Amon Sûl. I was hard put to it indeed: such light
and flame cannot have been seen on Weathertop since the war-beacons of old.

> 'At sunrise I escaped and fled towards the north. I could not hope to do
more. It was impossible to find you, Frodo, in the wilderness, and it would
have been folly to try with all the Nine at my heels.' 

So they fled from Gandalf during the day, but Gandalf was hard put to it to resist the Nine during the night. 

And later Gandalf mentions during the Council of Elrond that even an Elf-lord such as Glorfindel could not fight his way to Mordor on his own, which seems to imply that Glorfindel is used as a 'measure' of strength. 

> I think, Elrond, that in this
matter it would be well to trust rather to their friendship than to great
wisdom. Even if you chose for us an elf-lord, such as Glorfindel, he could not
storm the Dark Tower, nor open the road to the Fire by the power that is in
him.'

So they don't let Glorfindel tag along with the Fellowship, but they choose a bunch of rustic hobbits (Merry and Pippin). I feel that in many cases it is not really about the inherent power of someone in Middle-earth, but about their intentions. Merry and Pippin are important not because they are powerful, but because of their friendship and loyalty to Frodo. And later they serve to redeem Boromir, who dies trying to save them, and by meeting Treebeard, and also Aragorn meets Gandalf just in time because he was chasing the Orcs that captured Merry and Pippin. 

Frodo and Gollum, because of the circumstances, manage to bring ultimate defeat to Sauron, a feat which even Elendil and Gil-galad were not able to do. Also, the Eagles show up at times when someone makes the ultimate sacrifice: they save the bodies of Fingolfin and Glorfindel after they bravely fought evil, and they also showed up before the Black Gate where the armies of the West were basically just bait, and had no hope of survival: but they did the right thing (and then the Eagles saved Frodo and Sam). And Eärendil went into the West and managed to pass the Ban of the Valar. Why? Because he sacrificed himself to deliver the Elves and Men of Beleriand from evil. And only then came help from 'above'. Beren passed the Girdle of Melian 'because a great doom was upon him' or something like that. Even Morgoth could not pierce the Girdle of Melian.

I feel that in many cases it doesn't matter how powerful someone is, but it is a battle on 'the moral plane', as JRRT says about Gandalf in one of his Letters. There is a vaguely similar theme in the Biblical story of Gideon.

(Minor nitpick: Maiar is the plural, Maia is the singular)
When the Ainur incarnate they do become vulnerable. Sauron lost in a duel between himself and Elendil/Gil-galad. Morgoth was a being of terrible power and none save Eru was stronger/mightier. He possessed the skills and abilities of all the other Valar and was as mighty as them all in his beginning. At his lowest point, confined to his material form, he was merely a shadow of his former self, but still "*a tyrant of ogre size and monstrous power*". I actually think he was still a Vala level being at the end, but this is a far cry from his peak.

When Glorfindel was reincarnated his might was very much near to Maia level. Yet it was noted that Fëanor was the mightiest of the all of the Children of Ilúvatar. His voice had influence over a Maia even though they tried to still his passion by warning him he could not beat Morgoth even if he were three times as powerful as he was.
This and potatoes: 
https://youtu.be/qrQVFZx7XX4

Note I'm on a phone app and have no idea how to hyper link on it: it's 2:36 in the morning and I'll find out how tomorrow - sorry for the formatting. 
Wow, thank you for reminding me of this. I cannot wait to play in the morning for my daughters. They will be so appreciative to hear this again after 10 years or so.
May it be an evening meme.
Nice :D
10 hour version, for those days where you want to annoy your coworkers: https://youtu.be/z9Uz1icjwrM
"Tell me where is Gandald, for I much desire to speak to him." That line cracks me up everytime.
You have my sword.

And my bow.

And my upvote.
Thank you for making my weekend.
The video came to the denizens of the Internet, who took it deep into the tunnels of Reddit. And there, it consumed them.
Yes yes, he says it was Saruman messing with Denethor through the Palantir, when it was actually Sauron. Still, a damned accurate article.
This is great I just wish when he said "staff officer" he would've followed with a "pun intended..."
I'm not sure why the writer presumed that Tolkien would disapprove of the article or why *some comments* suggest that such an analysis is highly inappropriate.

Just a reminder that Tolkien served as an officer in WWI and I don't think he would have been offended by this analysis. Tolkien's work is extremely meticulous and I'm sure that he put as much thought into constructing his battles as he did the rest of his story, even if he didn't use this exact framework that the writer proposes.
I love the movies, but to me Peter's worst crime was how he ended this battle with the army of the dead. A giant wave of ectoplasm that rendered anything our heros did pointless. Like had they just arrived sooner no one would even have to fight. It was men's tactics, fighting ability and spirit that won the the day, not an invincible army of ghosts. Thanks for this post, a really cool and interesting read.
Ha! Really interesting. I'm guessing you're a military man, any other blogs like this to read? 
I'm surprised he didn't mention the relief of Vienna.  
" She was aided by a guerrilla fighter named Merry, a hobbit."

That would have made Merry so PROUD!
Really awesome read!
I would definitely read more analyses in this vein, particularly of Helm's Deep!
I do not know what is sillier either the article or modern war fighting theory...

It was good fun. 
Very interesting and funny read. I laughed hard at: "She was aided by a guerrilla fighter named Merry, a hobbit."
Eww, a mouth-breathing, cold, modern militaristic breakdown of a beautiful, classic, work of art? No thank you. You could look at separate parts through whatever random lens you want, but the writings are meant to be experienced as a whole, self contained within Middle Earth. Any external comparison only taints that experience.
Omg nice
way cool
that's awesome! this might've given me an idea for a wall in my basement! 
That must have been a blast!
This is great! How long did it take to complete?
So awesome. 
These are great keep up the good work
I too very much enjoyed the light saber battles in RotK.
[Thanks](http://i.imgur.com/LXrhgeY.jpg)
I love the last one, anything with my two favorite series. You should try and make a "Darth Sauron" wallpaper too!
What does the writing say on the Osgiliath one?
That was really well done. He did a great job finding all the exact spots from the film and matching them with the his own footage. The one problem with that book he used (the same one I used when I did a similar trip in New Zealand) is that it doesn't tell you where to find the mountains that Minas Tirith was digitally placed in (just like Isgengaurd was). I found it by accident and it was [the mountain range leading to Mt Cooke.] (http://www.panoramio.com/photo/80000600) (not my photo).
Just in case anyone is wondering, most of NZ has sealed, wide roads. These guys just happen to go to some of the most remote places where there are loose metal roads.
Well, that was lovely to watch. I'm told that the owner of the Weathertop location isn't interested in having people on his land, so my hopes have been a little dashed there. There's a few obvious spots that he's missed... the scene of Faramir's dream is just outside Wellington in the Upper Hutt and very easy to get to, for example. The Mavora Lakes are pretty close to a Fangorn forest location, and I rather think the eastern side of Mt Ruapehu would yield some accessible sites.


Interesting that it was all done without tours - commendable, but there's something to be said for tours that will take you right to the spot, without spending a day searching. It's not as easy as it sounds to find all the sites on Mount Victoria, for example, and a tour at Poolburn would have saved a lot of searching for sites like the orc canyon which is on private land. There;s a lot to be seen in Paradise on private land with fairly cheap tours.

But...thanks for posting. A nice hour or so of reminiscing :)
I'm drunk and it took me entirely too long to understand that this is about a Danish person and not about a Great Dane Dog.
While some of the facts are cool and I actually never knew, I had to pause it over and over to read the text and the music was just cancer. Like third stage terminal cancer. 
try 'the end of all things' maybe?

Here's his Deviant Art page, for those who also dislike the click bait. http://breathing2004.deviantart.com/art/The-Ring-404654882
This guy also does World of Warcraft art in this style. His illustration of thr draenei origin story is a favorite of mine.
I bought one of these prints for a friend of mine. They're pricey but amazing in person.
Bilbo Baggins *111st* birthday. 
No Buzzfeed. Bad buzzfeed. 
I am thinking about getting some of this inked up. It is so cool. Gates of argonath. That's what's up
I'm going to say this carefully because I don't want to be it a reflection on the artist's talent. (These have been posted many times before.)

As nice as they are, there is something a bit sad about how even with all of the creativity involved they are still simply images taken from the films rather than the artist's imagination. The films seem to have stifled a lot of originality when it comes to artist's conceptions of the places and characters of Middle-earth.
Awesome
Check out [Fellowship](
http://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/177662/Fellowship--A-Tabletop-Adventure-Game). 

Or Dungeon World with some custom playbooks (there are some useful ones called The Dwarf, The Elf, The Halfling which might interest you)
Soo how sould this work? Because this sounds fun. 
I and maybe others might be too late for Robert's game so I've created a [TOR group on roll20](https://app.roll20.net/lfg/listing/61160/the-one-ring-rpg-gaming-group) if anyone is interesting in a game in the future.


As far as I can tell, perhaps the only explicit description of what occurs to a Maia's body when it dies can be found in The Scouring of the Shire when Saruman is killed:

>To the dismay of those that stood by, about the body of Saruman a grey mist gathered, and rising slowly to a great height like smoke from a fire, as a pale shrouded figure it loomed over the Hill. For a moment it wavered, looking to the West; but out of the West came a cold wind, and it bent away, and with a sigh dissolved into nothing.  
>
>Frodo looked down at the body with pity and horror, for as he looked it seemed that long years of death were suddenly revealed in it, and it shrank, and the shriveled face became rags of skin upon a hideous skull. Lifting up the skirt of the dirty cloak that sprawled beside it, he covered it over, and turned away.

We might presume that the Balrog, being a Maia and 'clothed' in a physical body in the same manner might have suffered a similar fate. I suspect that even if the shriveled carcass remained, it would be largely inaccessible to any who wished to retrieve it. It could probably only be reached via the Endless Stair which, until Gandalf confirmed it's existence, was long lost. Gandalf would have been hard put to find it again, given the route he took to arrive there, and no other living being would have even seen it before.
I think even if the body lingered there, no one would ever find it. The body is probably laying somewhere on the mountain side, but near the highest peak where they fought. That spot wouldn't be accessible except through the endless stair, which Gimli says was only known to dwarves in legend. Gandalf only found it by pursuing the Balrog. 
 
No one would find that body. 
Semi-related, but I thought The New Shadow was never published, so what events do you mean?
This was cool -- thanks for linking it! I listened to this podcast all through their Kings of England series. Highly recommended!
[The Tolkien Bestiary by David Day](https://www.google.com/search?q=david+day+tolkien+bestiary+images&biw=1379&bih=822&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiOwMDgsI_QAhUE0oMKHQ0SAZUQ_AUIBigB) has some really unique artwork. I wouldn't say its better than what Howe or Lee have done, but personally I think it looks nicer than the Hildebrandts. Their characters are too...doughy.
Roger Garland's locations of Middle Earth paintings are top notch. I think there's only a few of them though. I've seen them in the vintage 1990s postcard book "Tolkien's Middle Earth: A Book of 20 Postcards." I'd also recommend the other 90s postcard books for a variety of visions of Middle Earth from different artists: "Tolkien's Hobbit" and "Tolkien's Dragons and Monsters". They pop up on Amazon every now and then.
You've probably already heard of Ted Nasmith but his silmarillion illustrations are really great (in the hardcover silmarillion book).
If you can get hold of some early issues of Mythlore, Orcrist, or Tolkien Journal, published beginning in the late sixties, there are wonderful line drawings by Tim Kirk, Annette Harper, and Stephen Peregrine, among others. 

I also enjoy Michael Green's drawings in his A Hobbit's Journal and A Walk Through the Shire, published by Running Press in the late seventies/early 80's. Green has some artwork in the David Day books also, IIRC. 

A Tolkien artist currently doing beautiful work, and whose look is not based on the films, is Jenny Dolfen. I believe she has her own website now, and you can also find her work, along with loads of other great Tolkien illustrations, at DeviantArt.com. 
Every time I read this quote I always hear that soft music that plays as Gandalf says this. One of my absolute favourite parts of the series. 
My absolute favorite quote. As I get older I ponder death more and more, anytime I start to get anxiety about it I remember this quote. It always eases the fear. 
Best line in the whole movie. I know Peter Jackson gets a bum wrap but the first trilogy was so well done and profound. Helped adolescent me figure out a lot about life.
"That doesn't sound so bad"

"No, not at all..."
Chills every time 
When they wrote this line for the movie, do you think the writers were under the impression that the 'far green country' Frodo sees at the end of the book was an afterlife? Because it isn't: it's Tol Erresea - a place Frodo and Bilbo will go to live out the rest of their days. Picky detail, but I suppose I should be thankful that they found some kind of way of including the book's best line in the movie without resorting to narrative voiceover.
Why is the text segmented into such awkward parts? sorry but it feels awkward to read.
Dat formatting tho.
Every time I see this quote, I have to make sure I'm in /r/lotr.  I pray every time it's not accompanied by bad news.
I read this to my friend at his funeral. He was a great Tolkien devotee. It is for me, a hope we all may see, when it is our time.
While I love the quote, I hate how it was used in the movie.
I feel like it goes with the song "Journey's End” ,and they take quotes from Gandalf in that song from the 3rd  movie at the end credits.
This was my senior yearbook quote
That part with the curtain makes me believe that he must have dropped acid at least once.
I hate this scene. It the big lie organized religion tries to buy you off with. Gandalf is describing an afterlife that has nothing to do with Pippin's. 

It is so beautiful left in the story where it belongs.

edit- line break
Wonderful reading. I'll look forward to playing more of these. 
Te amo! <3

La Canción de Dúrin

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XiYPkCASCJ4&t=29s
Hobbit -> LotR -> Silmarillion.

Why do people get so confused about this? 
Hobbit, LOTR, silk, then lotr again.

https://www.reddit.com/r/lotr/search?q=Reading+order&restrict_sr=on
The hobbit is a little more light hearted and easier/quicker to read, so I usually start with it when I'm re-reading them. However, if you read the Lotr trilogy first, you'll notice more of the small things being set up in the hobbit that make way for the trilogy. I also like to read the hobbit first because that's how it works chronologically. 

I definitely agree that you should read all 4 of those before taking a crack at the Silmarillion. It's kind of dry, a lot of hard to remember names, and you'll probably get bored or confused early on and quit if you try it first. The hobbit/lotr will get you hooked enough to want to tackle all the history in the Silmarillion. 
I started out with the Hobbit as a h.s. Freshman when we had to read it. From there I went on to LotR. Then the Silmarillion. The Silmarillion is not difficult, nor hard to read unless you just don't like it. It's a good, easy read to me. Many people simply do not like it. You may be one of the few of us who do like it and won't have to force yourself to read it. Time will tell. I'd say go with the Hobbit first and then LotR. The Hobbit is a really good and quick read anyway and is *almost* like an introduction to LotR, but not so much so. LotR fleshes everything out. Make sure you read the Appendices when you're done.
Hobbit, Lord of the Rings, then Silmarillion. 
From what I've heard you should read them Lotr -> The Hobbit -> Silmarillion.

Silmarillion is said to be really confusing if you haven't read Lotr.
He's only 16 months!?
Feet aren't hairy enough.
That is one beautiful kid.
When do we stop counting months? Isn't it easier to say your one year old? 
Adorable! 

I'm interested in human genetics, he looks very mixed. What is he? 
Your son is 1. 
Yes he was, that's badass. Hopefully he only grows a couple more feet and finds a way to a magical land
Aw, that's precious! 
Get that kid a bit of hair on his toes and you're in. 
Cutest little guy!  He'd get all the treats from me.  Just adorable.
16months pffft can we stop this? He's 1 year old. 
Not enough hair on his feet. 0/10.  In all seriousness though, this is pretty awesome.

^^^also ^^^why ^^^the ^^^fuck ^^^is ^^^everyone ^^^getting ^^^worked ^^^up ^^^about ^^^saying ^^^16 ^^^months ^^^instead ^^^of ^^^one ^^^year?
>I am a having a LOTR marathon, and I don't know what to eat

Food!

>how to watch and all that. 

Fellowship of the Ring -> Two Towers -> Return of the King

Maybe treat it like 3 "meals."  Light snack, something filling, desserts. 

I also wouldn't shy away from beers, naps, and pot...but that's just me. 
Just get some chips/popcorn to eat and Mountain Dew to drink
Drain your vessel everytime Frodo falls over
By the time you get to RotK... drink whenever Sam gives Frodo The Look. 

Or when Frodo says something along the lines of "Oh, Sam."
Drink when Sam calls frodo Mr. Frodo
Don't forget to drink when you see Peter Jackson!
My faves are when somebody says "precious" in reference to the ring

AND (and I admit it's less simple, but not that hard)

When there is a panoramic shot of the landscape.

It is amazing just how many of those there are. 
That is definitely a white flower.
Is it so improbable that the landmass of Middle Earth could be over 1,000 miles across?
In **Númenórean Linear Measures** it is said:

> Measures of distance are converted as nearly as possible into modern terms. "League" is used because it was the longest measurement of distance: in Númenórean reckoning (which was decimal) five thousand rangar (full paces) made a lár, which was very nearly three of our miles. Lár meant "pause," because except in forced marches a brief halt was usually made after this distance had been covered. The Númenórean ranga was slightly longer than our yard, approximately thirty-eight inches, owing to their great stature. Therefore five thousand rangar would be almost exactly the equivalent of 5280 yards, our "league:" 5277 yards, two feet and four inches, supposing the equivalence to be exact.
Well, you're right about that. Gandalf said it was 200 leagues or more from Barad-dur to Orthanc with a straight flight. I guess my problem is how fast the characters travel in certain amounts of time.
This looks amazing already. Please post the final result as well!
Looking very awesome, looking forward to seeing the finished piece :)
http://i.imgur.com/W17YPGg.jpg  Finished Piece :) 
It would have been better if the dialogue could have been heard.  It's some of the best writing in all Tolkien's work.
Was this edited more than just the audio?
No it is not better but still a really cool edit have an up vote! And thanks for sharing kind sir.
It looks as though it may be defunct, though there was an update in [May of this year](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/783115992/medium-rare-and-back-again-a-tolkien-cookbook/posts/1575642) when it was supposed to have been [published](http://olorispublishing.com/2015/11/27/announcing-release-date-for-medium-rare-and-back-again-by-heath-dill/). Unfortunately It's not available for sale and the update basically says he's still working on it. The twitter and facebook pages for the project are no longer active. You can tweet him [here](https://twitter.com/heefy) if you want. You can also easily find his email and phone number online though that may be against the rules to post.
Oh wow, I'd go to this place all the time ;)
Did she find her family? Were they okay? 
-Owns a lotr themed bar

-Doesn't name it the prancing pony

smh
Put a ring on it now
The Shire is quite cool! They have themed drinks and everything. Smeagol on the beach and the Mordorita were both tasty!
I live next to a pub called The Hobbit. Ian McKellen and Stephen Fry protested it being shut down 
I'll be in Ireland in 2 weeks. Will have to plot this on the map and make a visit.
I've lived in Ireland my entire life and I'm only finding out about this pub now! OP, do you know when it opened?
I read an article once about a LOTR themed pub, I think it was in England, which got into all sorts of legal trouble - have they ever  encountered that?
That last picture has 4 different signs that say The Shire lmao
2 pics only?
I'm already planning a road trip.  
Woah they're the owners?!  That's awesome! How was it? I only went in to look around during the day. 
I was there last year too! Awesome wee spot
Where in Ireland is this?
I like that the map of the shire on the sign is from the game Lord Of The Rings Online

wonder what permissions would be required to use that... tolkien estate or Turbine games
Unrelated, but Julia looks a hell of a lot like [Hilary Knight](https://www.google.com/search?q=hilary+knight&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjUionEhonQAhWE1IMKHcP6D-0Q_AUICCgB&biw=1106&bih=676).
For no reason I noticed she is using her hand to block the sun from her eyes but she is not actually blocking any sun from her eyes. 
Lock it down now!!
I hope you locate the rest of the family. Praying for them OP
"Now serving second breakfast"
That's awesome! I've thought about doing that myself, considering I'm 3rd generation American on my dad's side. What made your girlfriend want to jump the pond?
First picture: Is that Matt Bomer?
Please let them know they are loved bunches by an Irish/Welsh/American family here in Middle Georgia! We will make it over there some day, and I hope their fine establishment is still there so I can buy it in PINTS!
No; it comes from the list of Dwarves in the Voluspa, part of the Elder Edda of Icelandic poetry. 
No, but I give you an upvote for honest question.
From **The Istari** in Unfinished Tales:

> Gandalf is a substitution in the English narrative on the same lines as the treatment of Hobbit and Dwarf names. It is an actual Norse name (found applied to a Dwarf in Völuspá) used by me since it appears to contain gandr, a staff, especially one used in "magic", and might be supposed to mean "Elvish wight with a (magic) staff". Gandalf was not an Elf, but would be by Men associated with them, since his alliance and friendship with Elves was well-known. Since the name is attributed to "the North" in general, Gandalf must be supposed to represent a Westron name but one made up of elements not derived from Elvish tongues.
Only the fellowship? Hmm.. A different Frodo. Frodo is over 50 years old and with Elijah Wood as Frodo, it made it look he was just about 20 or 30. And he makes awkward faces.   
      
For the whole movie series I would have preferred a different Elrond. All I hear is "Bring forth the Ring, Mr. Anderson." 
Would have changed Sean Bean as Boromir.
BIG spoiler ;)
This sub is fucking trash. 
Love the hairy footses! :)
They would be small, only children to your eyes.
How cute! Leaving for an adventure! 
Would you say that they are your precious? 
Merry and Pippin!
Um...are you all ok? Sting is glowing blue. Did you all make it away from the orcs ok?

Seriously well done costumes! Love it.
Parenting done right 
R/photoshopbattles
I think there is still a great opportunity for a Skyrim/Witcher 3 type game set in Middle Earth. 
LOTRO 2. I would love for it to receive a modern overhaul!
Lore wise, I would like the next game to mention what happens in the East, who are the Blue Wizards, what are they doing. I feel like there is a lot of content there Story Wise to make a decent game. Be it a strategy game similar to BFME (which I have reinstalled on my PC) or perhaps similar to a Shadow of mordor Game. I believe that if videogames compagnies want to offer us a great time, it is primordial for them to offer us a great Story, complimentary to the events of the lord of the rings. Who are the mens of the East. Who are the corsairs, the Harad, the men of the Rhun. Why aren't the men of Dale joining Gondor in their fight. What's going on with the western realms of Gondor. What happens in the blue montains, how did Moria Fall. 
https://www.ebay.com/itm/272434570759 
This is what I personally have,
It's pretty cheap on eBay and looks really cool on display
I will add that having special features doesn't rule a boxset out. They're not necessary, but I will of course but a boxset that has all the interviews, etc. as long as the movies are extended editions. 
Does she have a Blu-Ray player?  If so, the generic extended edition trilogy on Amazon is perfect as-is, and isn't ridiculously expensive.

https://www.amazon.com/Lord-Rings-Fellowship-Extended-Editions/dp/B0026L7H20

Bonus link for The Hobbit extended trilogy box set if you're into that sort of thing:

https://www.amazon.com/Hobbit-Picture-Trilogy-Extended-Blu-ray/dp/B014GJBTWI/ref=pd_bxgy_74_img_2/157-2002877-4346160?ie=UTF8&psc=1&refRID=CY9JVPAND1CGTYZ2EM2G
If you really love her:

https://www.amazon.com/Middle-earth-Limited-Collectors-Blu-ray-DVD/dp/B01JH3KL0E/ref=sr_1_cc_1?s=aps&ie=UTF8&qid=1478178780&sr=1-1-catcorr&keywords=Lord+of+the+rings+extended+edition+blu+ray

Me wants it.  The precious.
I checked The Hobbit, all three Lord of the Rings books, and Tolkien's letters, and could only find the following:

Fellowship of the Ring, Chapter 2: "He [Frodo] looked at maps, and wondered what lay beyond their edges: maps made in the Shire showed mostly white spaces beyond their borders."

Aldo Leopold wrote the following in "A Sand County Almanac and Sketches Here and There"

"To those devoid of imagination a blank space on the map is a useless waste; to others, the most valuable part."
this sounds somewhat familiar to a line from Pirates of the Caribbean - not sure where you would have read it though. 
Frodo talks about leaving blank pages for Sam in the Red book of Westmarch at the end of the films, maybe you mixed up book/film and map/book? haha, just a stretch.
I got the impression that Aragorn and his people were the opposite of wealthy. Apart from a few sentimental treasures (which I think were actually in the care of Elrond for much of his life), Aragorn was a wanderer. He ate what he killed or foraged. Presumably some of the northern Dunedain had settlements and farmed a bit, but at least as far as the Rangers are concerned, the only descriptions I recall indicate that they were without home or means of support, and in many ways relied on stopping by Rivendell every now and then. As for where they got their spending cash for clothes, food, weaponry, and maintenance, I would assume they took work where they could find it. That's all speculation on my part, though.
The rangers of the north are described as a tribe, with a chieftain, so presumably they are a group of interconnected families of Dunedain that pledge fealty to Aragorn II, the chieftain, and his family line. Presumably, then, recruitment for the rangers is specifically limited to that tribe. It's unlikely that they had much of any economy beyond subsistence, but if they needed supplies they didn't have, likely they either did business with the Bree-men, with the dwarves of the Blue Mountains, with the elves of Rivendell, or with the elves at the Grey Havens.

Also, considering every chieftain of the Dunedain of the North has been fostered at Rivendell, presumably Elrond has some pretty close ties to them, and was a source of weapons and horses. That's my guess, anyway.
It is not like they needed much. 

They could live of the land, craft their own weapons. 

They live long, they train themselves.

Knowledge is passed down.

Aragorn would be one of their patrons.

They are his people, they are his personal fighting force.
There's a good free movie on Youtube called "Born of Hope" by LOTR Prequels (1 hour 11 minutes long, with 38 million views). It's the story of the Dúnedain under Arathorn (Aragorn's father). This movie does a good job in its portrayal of the Dúnedain.

https://youtu.be/qINwCRM8acM
I'm not sure who would provide their finances (An interesting question btw!), but as for the training I'd assume that each generation of Rangers would train the next and simply pass down the knowledge, or at least that's the most plausable idea I can think of.
Also, Elladan and Elrohir joined the dunedain on numerous journeys so they may also have provided them with necessities.  But what a seriously great question.  I never even thought to question that 
It's tough because as much as we all love Tolkien, he didn't do a stellar job of explaining the economies of middle earth. We know they had some of their own villages, and it should be noted that the rangers were only one part of the Dunedain. I am sure Elrond helped care for the Dunedain. While the people of Bree might have had mixed feeling about the rangers, I am sure other villages, towns, and farms were more open to trading with them.
Needs some fuzzy little feet
Awesomessees! 
This type of question is always unfair because the answer is highly circunstancial.   for example,  Legolas could easily shoot Aragorn with a bow but Aragorn is most likely the best swordsman.  there is no way to get a right answer to this question.
Legolas is incredibly agile so I feel as if he could keep his distance from Aragorn and just shoot arrows at him until enough stick. 
Aragorn is much more skilled with a blade than Legolas. Even with Legolas's speed, Aragorn is much better with a blade.
[Start here](https://www.reddit.com/r/whowouldwin/search?q=aragorn&restrict_sr=on), read through all of the posts about Aragorn, then [go here](https://www.reddit.com/r/whowouldwin/search?q=legolas&restrict_sr=on&sort=relevance&t=all), read through all the posts about Legolas, then come back and tell us what you have learned, /u/algoridden. 
Fair fight, Aragorn. Prison rules, Legolas. 
A Numenorian of strong blood vs a Wood Elf of also strong blood. I think Legolas due to him being probably  physically stronger and faster than Aragorn. The books don't go into a whole lot of detail on how badass Legolas is, but if he is a tenth like those of Feanor's line, Aragorn doesn't stand a change. Feanor took down Gothmog, Balrog commander that Sauron served, and his bodyguard retinue of 8 Balrogs, just saying.
My father had an accompaniment for his audio cassettes I remember using it when I was ill as a boy in the 80's. It followed the journey and might have more information too but I can't quite remember.

My father was a huge lotr fan and passed this past February, I'd completely forgotten about the book, im visiting my mother this Saturday and will try and find it and post some pictures if you're interested
Thinking along the lines of "medieval England" might bring it together more. And a "dike" in this case is a ditch, not a wall.
yes, your imagination.
> I fully understand people here do not like the movies.

You're off your rocker if you think people don't like the LotR films. Even us nerds over on /r/Tolkienfans like the LotR films.

Where did you get a silly idea like that? 

Sure, one day I'd love an HBO style long form series that painstakingly reproduces every little detail,  poem, Tom Bombadil and the Scouring of the Shire. But Jackson did a fine job with his first trilogy. 


Glad you enjoyed it! Fellowship is probably still my favourite of the three but TTT and RotK expand the world quite a bit and everyone brings a stellar performance of what they're given. When I rewatch the films I'm always surprised by the excellent casting. Some characters are quite different from the book but in the context of the story told in the films they knock it out of the park. 
It was a great finale to the series.

How many times did you think the movie had ended?  When I saw it in theatres, the audience got out of their chairs four times, I think. It was those darn fade-to-whites.
I do find it interesting that a lot of the movie is from the Two Towers book. Heck, even the end of Fellowship is from The Two Towers
I think almost everyone likes the LotR trilogy.  It's the Hobbit trilogy that gets a lot of hate.  I love all things LotR themed though and still enjoyed the Hobbit series, but it is certainly not in the same league as the first series.  
I think so much negativity comes from different aspects of media, and the farther we get from the release the less we realize how good these movies were. That being said, I think the LOTR trilogy was the best book to film adaptation I've seen. Certain aspects have to be changed for timing and for context. But in general bringing a world to life, the LOTR series did this probably better then any other series. I know HP was brought to life, but I really don't think anyone would try and make a comparison between the two series. The acting, sound, music, scenery are some of the best that really put you in Middle Earth.
YES!!! :D
All those things you mentioned...yes! Also when the Riders of Rohan fill up the entire screen, it gives me chills every time.
I will always remember the first time watching the charge of the Rohirrim in the Pelennor Fields years ago. Talk about adrenaline porn.
After that battle, she is healed by Aragorn. She eventually marries Faramir and they have a child.
Éowyn marries Faramir, who is raised to the Prince of Ithilien by Aragorn. His House becomes the 2nd greatest nobility after the Princes of Dol Amroth. She and Faramir met in the Houses of Healing. Her brother also married a Dúnadan. Their grandmother Morwen (of Lossarnach) was a Dúnadan woman from Dol Amroth, from the House of the Princes. Éowyn's uncle Théoden used to live in Gondor with his parents until his grandfather died. As you may note, Éowyn and Faramir are actually cousins via their connection to the Princes of Dol Amroth. His mother was Imrahil's sister.
One of these requires so much more effort than the other. Looks great though 
I spy a wonderful card game in the background!
That is simply awesome!
Brilliant.
You guys made me smile! Too good.
that's a very good use of a pool ring.
Are those all the Dominion games on the shelf??
That's amazing!
[deleted]
These scrubs can't even gender the moon correctly.

Stolen assets everywhere. If someone could find me the footage from whatever fight they superimposed Sauron's helm on and made fiery-sparkly, that'd be great.
This is just awful.
1. Divine providence
2. Sauron tried offering the three remaining Dwarven Rings back to the Dwarves in exchange for information about Bilbo.
1. My take on Lord of the Rings is that a fair amount of things that happen was fated from the beginning when Illuvatar sang the world and its purpose into existence. Only Melkor sang a different song to counter the Fate of the universe but I suspect Illuvatar was far stronger to twist it to his favor. (Silmarillion)

2. The Rings were made for the dwarves and they were too stubborn to be any use to Sauron. I believe the 4 of the Rings were devoured by dragons while the last 3 were retrieved but useless. The Rings were to corrupt the user to Saurons will. They had properties to make the holder stronger in some way, but really no use to Sauron.
Yea read the silmarillion. It's tough the first time but if you are like many of us, you will end up reading at least 3x. I love it and have probably read it about 7 times. There is something new I pick up every time. Usually a once every few years or so I'll pick it up. 
so, to sum it up. 4 of the Dwarven rings are destroyed by Dragonfire. The other 3 by hook or by crook ended up back in Saurons's possession. The Dwarven rings were designed to amplify ones luck particular in monetary gains. but it also imbued the holder with insane greed which would then lead to Mania and outright extreme distrust of others. The 7 rings were part of the reason most of the dwarven kingdoms were never united. so in essence they were very powerful weapons of dissention. Sauron offers the 3 to King Dain Ironfoot for information about Bilbo and the ring. Dain basically tells him to shove them up his ass. 
That sounds like an awesome idea! For Laurelin, I would go for something traditional to its colour, it was the golden tree of Aman if I remember, the female one? However, I don't know how golden leaves will look (I only have black and white tattoo's myself), that is a question I would take up with the artist, maybe a fiery orange? I think that would look great alongside the colors of Telperion, as well as being as Tolkien created it to be!
If the Elves can't tolerate spoken word of Mordor then I doubt that they would do so for anything tangible from it either. Even more so for objects close to Sauron.

 The armor might have been just that, armor, but with Sauron it'd be too great of a risk in the eyes of the Elves. I doubt even under ideal circumstances they'd really want the Ring to stay.
The Gondorians would likely have destroyed it, melted it down. Just a guess. Either that or there's some awesome museum on the 6th level of Minas Tirith with all these crazy relics on display. 
"Not idly do the leaves of Lorien fall."
Why wouldn't you feel like it's in the autumn? Honest question, wintertime makes me think of snow, bare trees, etc. this has none of those things. 
> Fool, no man can be me.  

-Witch King  
  
> I am no man.  

-/u/RAVENous410
GJ putting that together.
This is supremely badass. 
Love your nails.
Awesome cosplay :)

I don't know if you enjoy fanfiction at all, but if you do, you might like this rendition of a genderswapped Witch King: http://archiveofourown.org/works/364164
Looks awesome!
Wow this is shite, and i say again, this sub is absolute trash. 
My simplified take on the Witch King look. Made the helmet and gloves at home with basic craft supplies. Tutorials I used: [gauntlet reference image](http://i.imgur.com/hHvDcUR.jpg?1); [gauntlet making tutorial](http://www.stormthecastle.com/how-to-make-a/how-to-make-gauntlets-out-of-foam.htm) (by the way I HIGHLY recommend this guy, his tutorials are really easy and interesting); [helmet template](http://www.therpf.com/showthread.php?t=86074); [helmet tutorial](http://www.therpf.com/showthread.php?t=181942). I'd planned to do full arm armor, but ran out of time. Maybe next year! 
Yes, the sentence implies that it is either tobacco or some kind of relative. Also, at the end of  the Hobbit Bilbo passes a "tobacco jar"; which pretty puts it pretty clearly.
In *The Hobbit*, it was specifically stated to be tobacco.

Since tobacco is native to Central America it was out of place in a story based in an alternate version of Primeval Europe, so Tolkien changed it to the more ambiguous "pipeweed"...but it was still intended to be some variety of tobacco that coincidentally happened to grow in Middle Earth.
Definitely a tobacco variety. 
I just read the chapter "Flotsam and Jetsam" from Two Towers last night which includes the bit about longbottom leaf and in that chapter it is referred to as "pipe weed" by the characters and "tobacco" by the narrator. 
Great answers LOTR people! And within an hour of 1:00 am in my time zone.
And by the way, my name checks out.
Edit: swapped "comments" for "answers."
Tabacco is produced from tabacco plants/leaves.
That's awesome, where did the design come from?
Amazing idea!
That is a nice design. Was it you asking about the proportions of Narsil a few days ago?
Awesome, the white tree of Gondor is my phone background! :D
That's a great design, and it works really well as a tattoo! Instantly recognizable, but looks good in its own right. Nice!
That's really excellent 
It's been sitting in front of us for how long now, and this is the first time I've seen it. Great job, great tattoo!
Holy fuck, that is awesome. I love that shit. 
That is rad man, like the placement choice as well
I got a very similar tattoo just a week ago. Love the design.
That's dope as fuck
Wow, I never thought I'd want a tattoo but this is making me reconsider 
I flipping wish... 
That's really great! Never seen the artwork before and I love it, plus it works amazing as a tattoo.
i literally have the same tattoo lol

http://imgur.com/QUqRQ4c
[removed]
I think He would try to rally the Rohirrim and defended at Helms deep maybe? Or he would travel north to Erebor to relieve the siege, maybe with the Rohirrim help?, and then March with the Men of Dale and Eregoth, Iron Hill and Erebor Dearves and the Elves of Mirkwood and travel south to distract Sauron. 
don't forget that Aragon is the key to bringing down Sauron, being isildurs heir. And as his fate is intertwined with frodo destroying the ring, I think that no matter the results of the huge battles, Aragon and frodo would have pulled it off.
There was no uncertainty about that.
That's not creepy, that's mildlyinteresting.
He's gone very tree-ish, no?
whats wrong with the photo. looks splotchy. 
I thought people realised on the original post that this was photoshopped?
And they said that I was crazy!
'This is no tree!?'
\('_')/ 
Ooh, aahh, terrifying.
Wow, that's awesome!
Because the weapons of the dead do not harm the living, their only weapon is fear. They succeeded to drive away the Southrons and Corsairs from Linhir and to lift the siege of Pelargir (huge port city of Gondor) by scaring the enemy away. Aragorn assembled as large host as he could in the time he had and sailed from Pelargir to Pelennor with an army of gondorian soldiers from southern fiefs.

He did not take the Army of the Dead with him even to the Pelennor Fields because he could not be sure they were scary enough considering that the Ringwraiths with their horrible captain, Witch-king, was leading the enemy hosts. The enemy was probably more afraid of Witch-king than they would have been of the Dead Men.
I guess you're going by the film, where the spirits serve a very different purpose compared to the book. They don't actually fight in a battle and their primary weapon is instilling fear. 

As for a film answer, I think you'll be hard pressed to find one that makes sense. iirc Gimli even remarks they shouldn't be released. Guess they had to get rid of the deus ex machina the ghosts were turned into or the battle at the Black Gate wouldn't have been very exciting. 
The Dead Men of Dunharrow can only fill others with terror, they cannot actually damage or harm the living directly. Their ability to do so in PJ's adaptation is by far my biggest complaint about his movies. It replaces Tolkien's carefully crafted Eucatastrophe with a mediocre Deus Ex Machina, and destroys the significance of the Battle of the Pelennor. 

Not only does it rob Men of their first great victory (insofar as the movie portrays them as only winning because of the Dead Men), it also renders all of the sacrifice and valor of the Rohirrim worthless. The truth is, in PJ's movies, Aragorn's arrival with the Dead Men would have resulted in a decisive victory, regardless of whether Theoden was able to reach the Tower in time or not.
The movie is very different than the books.   In the books they are not directly involved in the battles. 

In the movie,  ya,  it makes not sense for them to go so early
Even if they could actually harm the living, which they couldn't in the books, Aragorn would have been a lier and a betrayer of those that first swore service to him. Not much of a king if that is the way one would start.
The film f***ed it up, unfortunately. They made it so that their weapons could actually hurt the orcs, thus leaving the giant plothole that is your question.

In the books, this is easily explained; the dead couldn't physically harm the living, just incite fear. They were basically support for the Rohirrim and Gondorians to do that actual fighting.

God, I love those movies, but that scene....
[deleted]
What else are you putting on it?
Wow! How did you get the feet right?

Just kidding, looks good.
fake! hobbits don't have beards 
Nice! :D
Be thankful it wasn't cold, you'd have frozen your little hobbitses off
Looks great! 
I...I...
I like how they're all awkwardly sitting there at first. They're all thinking the same thing, feeling similar emotions, but what could they possibly say? What do they even need to say? Their shared and individual experiences were so monumental, all they can do is toast each other. 

Then Sam sees Rosie and is like "fuck this I battled a giant spider"
Me as well. It just so perfectly captured feeling out of place. Everything's still the same at the Shire, but somehow it's not the same to them with all they've been through. 

I've had that feeling and it is so palpable in this is scene. I love it. 
So good. Everything is business as usual in the shire and no one knows what those four have been through, they aren't the same and they never will be. The shire is ruined and hey is that rosie... Then the music hits and the viewer smiles like and idiot and everything is alright, beautiful.
So much is communicated without any dialogue. Coupled with the brilliant score, what an amazing scene. 
I absolutely love this moment. Everybody in the Shire doesn't know/care/would believe that Middle Earth was ever in danger and that those 4 played their part in defending it. They are all heroes that will carry mental and physical scars from their adventures, but to all the people in that pub, it seems to be a case of "Oh, you 4 were gone? Didn't even notice."
They are back from the war. They are no longer the boys they were. They have grown and changed and their hometown is smaller and simpler than they ever realized. I love this scene... Even if the book is different.
This [scene](https://youtu.be/bmFnv-TZzRs) speaks to me on a spiritual level 
Yeah, this was probably the best way they could end it without doing Scoring of the Shire. It is a picture perfect metaphor for soldiers coming home from WWI and nobody around them caring.
They all have PTSD, seen some shit!
Veterans.  It's always been this way.
I always wondered what that Hobbit is going to do with that pumpkin. 
I'm pretty sure the kids in the marriage scene are Peter Jacksons 
Is it just me or is the Hobbit with the pumpkin Andy Serkis? If I'm right, it's kind of like Gollum has come back home with them, reborn.
edit: Looks like I may be [right](http://boards.straightdope.com/sdmb/showthread.php?t=260369)
Needs 500% more scourging >:D
I was disappointed that the movie passed on the military conflict at the end of the third book, when the guys get home and find saruman and wormtongue running the show.
Kind of weird considering P Jackson was willing to just make up stupid shit.
All I want is to see LOTR played with a live orchestra.  I just realized last year that this is a thing and I want to see it so badly.  Living in LA hopefully it will happen.
You take any word and it will mean something else in another lanuage. 

Also Nazgul is weird, it might translate exactly to delicate rose but it is grammaticly wrong, like saying rose delicate if you get what I mean.
Not in middle earth
This should be in r/mildlyinteresting because it's just a coincidence. 
Well Tolkien certainly did a 180 with that name
I was just playing CK2 in the kurdistan/persian area and my daughter was named Nasgul.  Nice coincidence!
Also Turkish.
Seriously, who in the world drew the pic in delaphin's comment...
Pretty damn tiring i imagine. So many stairs...
Are we talking post denethor or during denethors reign, because the answers will be very different 
Probably like living in Mt Saint Michel or any old european city that has maintained its older architecture.
Sauron took the 9 Rings from them to maintain control of them while he was without the One.  I would say that could function as a sort of "communication".
If the mouth was able to communicate with him and speak his demands, I guess it isn't entirely impossible.they are wraiths after all and Sauron can probalbly communicate through the spirit world and guide/ mentor them through their rings similarly to how he occasionally taunts the ring barer when it is equipped 
Wasn't there also a Palantir in Minas Ithil or is that the one that was used in Barad Dur?
[deleted]
I'm pretty sure many of the races such as elves and dwarves and orcs all preceded Tolkien. A lot of his work was inspired by old germanic folklore... I think
The tolkien estate  also won a court case against the publishers of dungeons and dragons over the term hobbit, which is why they are refered to as halflings in starting with 2nd edition.
Good question. I don't know the answer but after looking at a few well-known tabletop settings, I came across this quote about The Forgotten realms fantasy settings, popularised in the 80's through Dungeons and Dragons.

"... "The Realms", it was created by game designer Ed Greenwood around 1967 as a setting for his childhood stories".

Source: Fannon, Sean Patrick (1999). The Fantasy Roleplaying Gamer's Bible (2nd ed.)
Hobbit, LotR, Silmarillion (read Children of Hurin book instead of the chapter in the Sil).

Then, optionally, read the Hobbit and LotR again.
The Hobbit --> LotR --> The Silmarillion, that is the usual order.

Now the chapter in The Silmarillion called *Of Túrin Turambar* is basically the story of The Children of Húrin, so you may want to switch the chapter for the novel.

The books are often different in tone: The Hobbit is a cheerful fairytale for children, LotR is an epic story, and the Silmarillion almost reads as a history book.
I wouldn't bother buying The Children of Hurin. While it's cool to have, both The Silmarillion and Unfinished Tales (to a point) have the story in them already.
I'm not sure, all I can say is that I refuse to believe the "Theatrical Edition" exists.
Yeah I thought it was extended til I bought the normal blu rays and discovered the scene in it, thought he'd given me the extended disc by accident 
I actually believe that is theatrical. 
#Let this be the hour where we draw swords together!
[All three movies.](http://i.imgur.com/BUtaICT.jpg)
Now for Wrath, Now for Ruin and a Red Dawn......


Forth Eorlingas !!!!!!!!!!



Man I loved all of Theoden's speeches.   Especially the one at the end of ROTK.


They know they are riding to the end of the world.   There is nothing they can do.   Powers beyond their imagination have decreed that their world will end and they find their courage and ride to the world end.



Ride!!   Ride Now !! Ride Now  !!   Ride to Ruin!!   Ride to the World's Ending!!

 **DEATH**   **DEATH**  **DEATH**
YEEES!

Art by Matt Ferguson inspired by 'The Lord Of The Rings: The Two Towers'' by J.R.R.Tolkien

In many ways I enjoyed the Helms Deep battle more than the Pelennor fields. 
The 'eucatastrophy' factor was higher to me. 
Respect to Matt Ferguson 
Let this be the hour when we draw swords together!
>...And then, sudden and terrible, from the tower above, the sound of the great horn of Helm rang out.
>
>All that heard that sound trembled. Many of the Orcs cast themselves on their faces and covered their ears with their claws. Back from the Deep the echoes came, blast upon blast, as if on every cliff and hill a mighty herald stood.  But on the walls men looked up, listening with wonder; for the echoes did not die.  Ever the hornblasts wound on among the hills; nearer now and louder they answered one to another, blowing fierce and free.
>
>"Helm! Helm!" the Riders shouted. "Helm is arisen and comes back to war. Helm for Theoden King!"
Excellent artwork....  yet..... why is there an F-14 parked in front of the wall? I can't be the only one who sees that, am I?
Is there a gallery of these somewhere besides the two others linked in the comments? They make great phone backgrounds.  
Where does all this dope artwork come from?! I bought 1 poster from the Weta website a few months ago, but they had a relatively limited selection. Can someone start hitting me with some links?

Petey (I) got paid today, no concerts this weekend and I have my birthday/New Years Eve tickets purchased already, time to blow some fuckin' cash! 
Cool pic.  This was the most underwhelming part of the book when compared to the movie.
Sometimes I imagine what it would be like if The Hobbit was as well done as LOTR.... Then I weep. 
>"The Horn of Helm Hammerhand will sound in the deep, one last time!"


I feel like Tolkien would be cringing hard at the placing of that comma
I have this set and it's beautiful.
**BRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAPP**
Look to my coming 
great caption quote!

That sent a shiver down my spine and now I have goosebumps.  Holy shit.
Check back here in a few hours.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vATHPpqS7Q


The most cinematic version yet
That's quite the name.
That's a cat, not a baby.
I'm after the most comprehensive blu ray set in essence but there is some ambiguity as to which Ines are correct. One for $600 but yet I saw one set for £64 both on Amazon.
The 30 disc set will have everything, but is ridiculously expensive. Not sure what exact answers you are looking for.
That's actually really fucking nice. It's simple and beautiful.

 Coming from someone who dislikes tattoos.
Looks great! It was among my options when considering my first tattoo, but I up with the ring inscription around my forearm. Someday I will add this for sure.
lol it looks more like Slag the Terrible
It would weigh about ten pounds and smother you if you fell asleep reading it.
not that i've ever seen - though it would seem a little silly to have, right?  would you expect to see the silmarillion bound up with it in the same volume?
That's amazing. Thank you!
Are you a Christian?
On does not simply MS paint into...

Kidding. Nice job thanks for sharing. 
Love it, but if the orange line is Frodo/Sam... they went to Morannon before Shelob's path!
This is really cool! I just have one nitpick/question.

Would it be more accurate to portray Rohan/The Shire/Mirkwood as regions like you did Gondor and Eriador, etc. rather than cities like you did Minas Tirith and Rivendell?
What I do:

- Paste a map of middle earth

- Hit "live trace" on Illustrator

- ???? obligatory question marks ????

- profit/suspension for plagiarizing 
Gonna need the name of that there font.
Looks good man, but I'd change the font on the location labels, they look a bit out of place :)
I don't see fangorn🤓
Really friendly looking illustration! Good job man! 
Awesome
Lovely!
You used PhotoShop for it? In my GA class we used Illustrator for anything that wasn't photo editing.
Did Arnor and Eriador co-exist? I was under the impression that Eriador became Arnor.
Very nice!  This style reminds me of the maps in the old Chronicles of Prydain books.  Any chance you were inspired by them?  (It might just be the font choice doing that for me.)
go back to class

I like the look. Reminds me of the Cycle of Prydain maps, and that's a good thing. 

One thing I noticed: the travels of Frodo and Sam need to include their journey through the Emyn Muil across the Dagorlad Plain to the Black Gate, and that's missing. 
Dude, you're in a graphic arts class and your solution for sharing your results is a photo of the screen with your camera? Do they not teach students how to use screen capture technology? If you're ever going to be successful at graphic arts you must *master* presentation. 
All of NW ME is eriador. Arnor did not exist at the time of lotr.

Otherwise, meh
Its because they were pretending to be inebriated and slurring their speech.  If you watch the special features they did several takes ranging from "enjoying nice tobacco, totally sober" to "very stoned". 
Cunt?
"Hey that's pretty good" 
Speak "trick or treat" and the door will open.
Thats bloody good 
Outstanding!
My first time seeing, made me and my gal laugh. Thanks for posting 
Gimli Glóin's son is the best.  

*"I have never seen an axe so wieleded."*

*-Aragorn son of Arathorn, called Elessar, the Elfstone, Dúnadain, the heir of Isildur Elendil's son of Gondor*
On the album "The return of the king-The complete recordings" (this contains 53 songs) you can find the track "The fellowship reunited" which is the same track as "Return of the king" in the shorter 19-track album. This album you can find on eg Tidal, but I don't know if it's on Spotify.
No clue. I noticed that the "Last March of the Ents" isn't on the Two Towers soundtrack on Spotify either.
Of course I have to be that guy...

The quote from the film is wrong twice as compared to the book.  The actual quote is:

*`You cannot pass,' he said. The orcs stood still, and a dead silence fell. 'I am a servant of the Secret Fire, wielder of the flame of Anor. You cannot pass. The dark fire will not avail you, flame of Udûn. Go back to the Shadow! You cannot pass.'*

Personally, I think that's an important distinction.  *Shall not* means Gandalf is going to stop the Balrog.  *Cannot* means that the power of Manwë (a Valar) is being invoked, and the Balrog literally *cannot* pass.

So first, he doesn't say "You shall not pass," and second, it's the *flame of Anor, not Arnor.* 

Arnor, also known as the Northern Kingdom, was a kingdom of men located in the land of Eriador in Middle-earth.  

Anor is the Elvish word for the Sun, so literally the flame of Anor would be the light of the Sun, which originated in the fiery fruit of Laurelin, one of the Two Trees of Valinor. Thus, Gandalf may be referring to the power he gains as a servant of the Lords of the West, in defiance to the corrupted darkness of the Balrog.

But anyway, that's some really cool calligraphy.
Because of the flourish he put on the P, all I see is

You Shall Not Bass
Idk about licensed, but there is the Shire Cookbook, as well as Medium-Rare and Back Again (still in Kickstarter), and two or three other lotr themed cookbooks. And those are just the ones that showed up on the first page of Google. 
They are averse to water, but it is said of them:

> All except the Witch-king were apt to stray when alone by daylight; and all, again save the Witch-king, feared water, and were unwilling, except in dire need, to enter it or to cross streams unless dryshod by a bridge. [The Hunt for the Ring]

So they would enter it or cross it when they absolutely had to. The Bruinen was like a super flood that washed them away. It would have had the same effect on anyone else, and probably have killed them.
Don't have a handy source, but the Ulmo the Vala is closely associated with water (think Neptune), especially the oceans and rivers. Ulmo was basically the only one of the Valar that would still leave Valinor and visit ME. Also he was always one of the biggest foes of Melkor and his minions. The thought is that wringwraiths and other evil beings were afraid that Ulmo could get them in rivers.
I always thought it was a reference to folklore, since many traditions hold that ghosts/vampires/evil spirits can't cross running water due to its purifying properties.
If you're referring to the scene in the movies where they are chasing Frodo then the movie explanation is Arwen  summoned the River around Rivendell to sweep them away, basically the magic not the water dealt with them.
They handle plain old water just fine. I think there are even movie scenes with them on bridges & in rain.

The river at the edge of Elrond's territory is magically protected, and got a boost from Gandalf in the books.
That's awesome! Where did you find the artwork?
I would also be interest in a source.
This is so cool 
Looks absolutely amazing. 
That's currently my texting app wallpaper 
Need to get mine framed. Can't wait for the rest of the series!
Mine arrived yesterday! Hoping to get it signed in the future :)
You expect me to wait for a discount?!?! Yeah, I'll definitely wait haha thanks for all the info! Can't wait for it to come in then to go frame shopping at hobby lobby... something I never thought I'd say ever
The Nazgul are the Fellowship?  I guess that they were A fellowship after all.  

Looks cool, good shot.
I wasnt aware these existed but now that I do....god I want one. They are amazing
[Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iUKjJn0rOec&index=2&list=PLUcJ_HmO2bE9ct1GtRlV2486p6PNpRXB2) is Peter Hollens' cover of most of the hobbit drinking songs. They are available on iTunes if that's your thing.
Check the index after the appendices where you'll find a list of these. [Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/4xczxm/does_anybody_know_of_a_resource_that_lists_all/d6gee4i/) are some of the songs/poems I've come across in LotR.
Merry and Pippin sing about drinking in the Green Dragon, but it happens in The Two Towers, during the feast in Rohan
if you play the LEGO lord of the rings game, they have Tom, and the burrows. 
I have not yet attempted an extended Hobbit + LotR marathon. I've done an extended LotR marathon once, and that was enough for me. Luckily my buddy and I are going to do it again soon. Maybe we'll throw the Hobbit in too. How did you fair? How did you get through it all?
i marathon the extended editions whenever i get a long break from uni :') i've watched the films enough times to probably be able to memorise most lines, but the feelings still hit me every time! one of the greatest joys, indeed.

i'll always be a bit sad that they never included the last debate in the films; would've loved to see that.
The interesting thing is that Peter Jackson considers the theatrical cuts to be the definitive versions of the films. But he also understands that most fans prefer the extended editions.
What's this subs opinion of the Hobbit Extended Editions? I could barely stand the theatrical releases, but have enjoyed some fan edits. Are they actually improved by making them longer?
As I type this on 11/20/2016 at 7:53 am, I am 2 hours into RotK EE. Watching the LOTR EE Trilogy back-to-back-to-back is tiring enough, but adding in the Hobbit EE Trilogy is just tiring. It's been around 20ish hours of straight movie. It has been one hell of a ride though. 
I tried the marathon of all 6 in a row and had to stop. I got shit sleep the night before and started at 5 am and I made it until around 9:30 and still had half of the 2nd one and the rotk so that wasn't happening. I recommend starting early but get 7-8 hours of sleep and food prepped!
I was planning to watch all six movies during winter. That's a good in door activity. 
Somehow that's more terrifying than anything in the books. 
iTunes
I got mine on my Xbox
Try Amazon or Sony. I saw them on there not too long ago 
Pirate bay
These are both movie questions.

Sauron has a hugely detailed backstory, dating back to literally before the creation of the world. Briefly, he is one of the Maiar, a divine being of an order roughly analogous to angels (as are the Wizards and the Balrog). The world was brought into being when the Maiar and the Valar (small-g gods, basically) sang a great Song at the command of big-g God. Morgoth, the mightiest of the Valar, tried to change the music to his own ends, which basically translates into falling to evil. A number of the Maiar fell with him, which became the Balrogs. Sauron didn't, but as the world was being created he wasn't happy with the chaos of it, and saw more hope of furthering his agenda under Morgoth's tyranny than the rule of the rest of the Valar. So he switched sides, and became Morgoth's chief lieutenant. And after Morgoth was defeated by the Valar, he stepped up to become Dark-Lord-in-Chief.

That's just the bare bones of the beginning of his story. It's massively detailed.

He did have a body in the books, and had for thousands of years prior. Why didn't he fight, then? Cause the truth is Sauron kinda sucks in a fight. He only came out to fight the Last Alliance after being under siege for 7 years, and he was pretty much out of soldiers. Pretty much every time he's ever tried fighting he's had his ass handed to him, including once by a dog. A really kickass dog, but still. He's a schemer, and a master manipulator, not a fighter.
The Silmarillion will explain a lot of questions the LoTR series and The Hobbit may have left you with.  A lot of the literature released by Tolkien is cited on the wiki for easy consumption, detailing pretty much everything there is to know about pretty much every topic on Middle Earth, much of it directly quoted from The Silmarillion.  It can be thought of as the bible of Middle Earth, tells you how the world came to be, and everything that happened in the early days.  
Sauron does have a body at the time of LotR. They don't show this in the film. Sauron is more important as a leader and than as a combatant.

At the battle of the Last Alliance he only comes out and fights Isildur as a last resort.
When exactly Sauron appears? I can't seem to find it
1: there is a lot of background information on Sauron. Visit tolkiengateway for that. Do not use lotrwiki! It is a silly place. 
             
2: In the books he has a body again. He doesn't fight, because each time he did, he (nearly) died. All of that is written on tolkiengateway. 
Thank you very much everyone for the help. I will go buy a copy of the silmarillion today and read up! 
This is a 1980 copy. 

I also ordered Letters and the newly published Leaf by Niggle, which have yet to arrive. 
reading this must be so disappointing when the tales abruptly stop...
Enjoy! Besides Return of The King, this is my fav. Hope you find it pleasant as well 
Good choice. You would have gone to hell if you had blown the money on Harry Potter.
I think this is a Chrissy Tolkien publication
commenting for later
What do you have left of the history of middle earth?
Let me know if HC Lot #2 does not get sold.  I am interested.
Is LOT #9 PB still available?
In the book, it's his other boot
Good spot, but to me it looks more like he either drops something other than his boot, or simply kicks a rock over. 
I can never ignore the part where Eomer's sword falls out of the scabbard. 0:18
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7yUDImIEU4&ab_channel=remline

  
His shoes both stay on. He does hit a rock or grassy knoll or something at that time which rolls over.
If he actually lost his boot I'm sure they would have mentioned it in the bonus features of the extended edition, like Viggo talking about kicking the orc head and breaking his toe.
I've never noticed that, after all these years...
The poor video quality here makes it look like it could be his shoe/boot, but it's not. It's simply part of the landscape that he kicks up while running. I just checked it myself frame by frame.
I never noticed that. Something about 0:42 seemed off too. Maybe I've just never seen the right extended editions?
It's a Portkey now!
That's a rock.
We dwarves are natural sprinters, very dangerous over short distances 
I guess he would have stopped running if his shoe had fallen off, and the would have reshot it. I doubt it would have been a particularly hard or expensive shot to reshoot.
 
The extended editions are all on netflix if anyone didn't know! This scene happens around the 18:18 minute mark or so, can't quite tell on my laptop. 

Seems to me like he lost a piece of something, but kept his boot thankfully! 

Nice catch. Brett (the scale double) hurt himself quite a bit during filming, atleast he didn't have to run with bare feet!
Keep breathing, that's the key!
Dwarves are sprinters. Their boots start flying off after about 100 meters.
I'll add it to the list of things I'll never unsee in these movies, alongside the first Nazgul morphing out of the tree the hobbits hide under, and Pippin getting hit in the head with an apple and magically having it teleport to his hand.
It's a kicking a rock, ah.
its a rock...
Looks more like he kicked a rock or clump of dirt.
I just checked the bluray for 1080p. Looks more to me like he drops a piece of his armour.

This shot has always bothered me, as it's one of the few where they didn't get the sizes correct: Gimli looks the same size as the others, when he's supposed to be just a bit taller than a hobbit. Moments later there's a cut to a second aerial shot where the size is back to normal.
No wonder he's always behind. I just imagine him limping around behind them.
They're not entirely neutral, they just mainly keep to themselves. They intervene several times in the Legendarium, usually just to offer rides, but occasionally to do battle. They don't get involved in the wars of men but against the Dark Lord they will offer aid, as seen in the War of Wrath, where they helped Éarendil slay Ancalagon and the winged dragons.

Basically, the Eagles are Manwé's people. They have a greater understanding of the world than almost all other mortals and answer only to their own King and the Valar. This is why they help Gandalf so much, he was sent to represent the Valar in Middle Earth. 

It's likely they recognized the importance of the battle at the Black Gate and sought to counter the aerial advantage the Nazgul gave to Sauron's forces. They may have been sent or summoned by Gandalf or Manwé but I see no need to assume that.
I second that comment. The eagles were created by Manwe and so regardless of how often they act they are clearly on the "good" side. As to why they came? Presumably they knew or heard that a battle was coming and that they would be needed.
Good question. They hated orcs and we're Gandalf's friends, but the book does not actually say why they showed up.

Because the Eagles are a deus ex machina and used as such in the Hobbit and the Silmarillion as well.
Not from the movies, but from the book, when Frodo and Aragorn are talking in Bree, discussing the poem about Aragorn and the broken sword:

> 'Did the verses apply to you then?' asked Frodo. 'I could not make out
what they were about. But how did you know that they were in Gandalf's letter,
if you have never seen it?'

> 'I did not know,' he answered. 'But I am Aragorn, and those verses go
with that name.' He drew out his sword, and they saw that the blade was indeed
broken a foot below the hilt. 'Not much use is it, Sam?' said Strider. 'But
the time is near when it shall be forged anew.'

> Sam said nothing.

So it was broken a foot below the hilt.

In the book it was broken in two pieces, it seems. Aragorn talking to Boromir at the Council of Elrond:

> 'And here in the house of Elrond more shall be made clear to you' said
Aragorn, standing up. He cast his sword upon the table that stood before
Elrond, and the blade was in two pieces. 'Here is the Sword that was Broken!'
he said.
That's the perfect "dude, seriously...?" face
"It comes in pints?!?"
Alternatively you could just do all of those things like hobbits and i reckon it would still work out pretty well
I never knew how to describe my life. Now I do....
Pipe-weed is tobacco and was invented by hobbits.
Where can I buy this?!
No lie, I'm going to shamelessly plagiarize this. Thank you OP and thank you to the artist, whoever you are! This is going on my front door.
I really like this, but if I were to be honest I would most like to do as the hobbits do when it comes to all of those! They really do have the best life of all inhabitants of middle earth imo. 
A fight broke out in the tower of Cirith Ungol. The news coming from that tower was probably a lot of gibberish. But a few elven tokens were succesfully sent to the dark tower; the mithril vest and the elven cloak of Frodo. Because of these items, Sauron thought the Free Peoples sent spies to his land. Sam took the ring from Frodo when he got stabbed by Shelob, thinking Frodo died and he had to continu on his own. Therefore Sauron still thinks the Free Peoples have the Ring and are planning to use it against him, not destroy it. Sauron doesn't know for sure what the mission was of the owner(s) of the items. So he probably instructed the Mouth of Sauron to taunt and dig up some information. 
Sauron only knew what he was reported, so he thought Frodo had been captured and killed since that's what the Orcs would've probably reported instead of admitting he escaped from them. 

Yes they would've thought he was dead. They didn't have any reason to believe otherwise considering they were shown something Frodo would've normally never taken off unless somebody stripped it from his corpse. 
The whole point of the attack on Mordor and of Aragorn using the palantir of Isengard to show himself to Sauron (and defy him) is to make Sauron think that Aragorn has the ring (otherwise he would not dare to attack Mordor with fewer fighters than Sauron has).  Gandalf and Aragorn may know that Sauron does not yet have the ring (because otherwise they would be in a lot more trouble than they are) or perhaps they just know that their only hope is that Sauron does not yet have the ring so they have to play out their strategy.

So the main point is that whatever Sauron thinks about the "spies", he does not even dream that they had the ring or that they are trying to destroy the ring.
Just off the top of my head, the orc that gets away with Frodo's stuff does so at a time when Frodo is (more or less) still in captivity, doesn't he?
Sauron did likely know, but he also didn't care, because in his mind, the ring bearer and heir to Isildur was at his doorstep with his main enemy (Gandalf) in Middle Earth, bent on defeating him in combat. 
Try looking through the questions on that Amazon page and if it hasn't been asked you can ask there and people who bought it will get a notification and somebody will answer. That way you're guaranteed to get an answer about that exact product.
ten o clock: check. october 24th: check. chillin in the house of elrond?...:(
It's my birthday today. Watched this movie last light because of this part:3
Anyone else think it's weird they use the same months as us ? 
[what year is it](http://i.imgur.com/CMFvzEN.png)
TIL Rivendell is on the east coast.
Happy Rivendell Day!
I bet Elrond has the best wifi
Celebrate by laying in bed with a pipe. 
This class is certainly not Imladris, unfortunately.
Blotmath the second
Isn't this inaccurate from the books (just asking)? Its says in the index that the ring was destroyed on March 25th. The only dates in October note the hobbits crossed the Bruinen earlier in the month on the 6th. The next listed date is October 28th where they reached Bree.
Except by Shire Reckoning, today is November 4th
And The two Towers is on right now on TNT, With ROTK starting at 11-30 going until 4 am! Eastern that is
Well, the question is:  Is that Shire Reckoning or our Calendar dates.   

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Middle-earth_calendar


Anyone else follow @ShireReckoningW? It live-tweets the events of Lord of the Rings! Saw this this morning!
But the Shire Calendar is 9 days ahead, is it not? The Overluthe coincides with the Summer Solstice.
The thought of Hobbits and elves making pillows and pillow-cases amuses me, for some reason.
It must be why TNT is doing its monthly marathon right now.
Ten am and already puffing on the pipe weed. Just Christ Gandalf get your shit together you fucking stoner.
Read this part literally yesterday, I always forget just how fantastic the series really is.
Eleventy one will be a good year
22 today
That's one creepy statue
NOOOOOOOOO I MISSED IT THIS YEAR DAMMIT
God I wish.
I was doing laundry at ten o'clock this morning. But I will watch the movie again this evening. 
You're in a Chinese Opium Den, Timmy
Now... where can I get that churchwarden?
It was on TV today here in Brazil. I was watching it as i was getting ready to work and i giggled a little when i saw this part.
I wish I can be Frodo at the moment... Sunk on a giant, fluffy bed with Gandalf smoking pot. 
I've always thought it was a little peculiar that people in the Tolkien world use our calendar. 
I happened to read this at exactly 10am, but I'm in Australia, so it's 25/10.
My sisters birthday. 
I'd love to visit
Too bad my dorm is called The Shire and not Elrond...
The way he says "Gandalf?" when he wakes up had always made me chuckle. 
[Mandalf?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1jPnm33Pkk&list=TLGNRRHnti-vZF2JTZPM74u3NACsufI5aa)
That must have been a hell of a night
i like that my birthday is one of the dates used in the series... always love reading it....
Elrond Hubbard. 
Bot! Beep beep! I'm all about top posts!

This post had 5,000 upvotes and got posted to twitter [@Reddit5000](https://twitter.com/Reddit5000) and subreddit /r/reddit5000!

The tweet: https://twitter.com/Reddit5000/status/790839179622035456

--------------------

^^All ^^7,500 ^^upvotes ^^are ^^on ^^[@Reddit7500](https://twitter.com/Reddit7500) ^^and ^^/r/reddit7500

^^And ^^most ^^importantly ^^all ^^10,000 ^^posts ^^on ^^[@Reddit10000](https://twitter.com/Reddit10000) ^^and ^^/r/reddit10000
Mind blown
Holy shit, Frodo was in a coma for seven months? I never realized that until reading this now. How long was Sam out for, i wonder?
This is advanced shitposting.
"...it's nearly dinner time, I'm havin' hoops" 
Holy shit it's 10:21 pacific wtf *I'm too stoned for this*
[deleted]
That is absolutely fantastic.
Really well done. One thing I love about LotR is that so many character's are fleshed out and provide an interesting POV as the main protagonist.
Whelp.  Time to watch all the movies again.
We make holes in teeth!
"Durbgu Nazg-shu, Durbgu Dash-shu." That is, "Lord of the Ring, Lord of the Earth." To me, this sounds more like what the orcs are chanting than other answers posted here. For those who are interested in the etymology: DURBGU 'lord'; < Black Speech *durb- 'rule' (cf. durbatuluk 'to rule them all') + *-gu agentival/personalising ending. NAZG-SHU '[of the] Ring'; < Black Speech nazg 'ring' + *-shu 'of the'. DASH-SHU' [of the] Earth'; < Black Speech *dash 'earth' + *-shu 'of the'. Source information found here via Google and not vetted for accuracy: http://www.elvish.org/gwaith/movie_ttt.htm#sauron
In the behind-the-scenes material there's footage of how they did that. They recorded a whole stadium full of football fans. I don't think they ever said what they were having them chant though. Knowing the level of detail they put in, it might have been something in Black Speech.
"Wormtongue said there would be punch and pie."
[They are chanting "No life in coldness, in darkness. Here in void, only death." In Black Speech, "Gu kibum kelkum-ishi, burzum-ishi. Akha-gum-ishi ashi gurum." The chant was partly translated and partly invented by a linguist named David Salo and Peter Jackson recorded it at Wellington Regional Stadium in New Zealand with 30,000 fans chanting it during some cricket match.](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/npyuw/what_is_being_said_in_the_urukhai_war_chant/c3b0ngu/)
Laurelin and Telperion ❤️ I'd love my kids to have a teacher like you (If I have one some day)


I believe im missing something...
It's the big trees the daddy long long legs eats
Yes, I'd say definetly give it another go. The story really gets moving at that point. 

I'd wager that anyone who believes Tolkien is racist because orcs are dark, are probably not very bright, and looking to spin some narrative they want to believe, rather than actually reading the provided text.
Keep going. 

Re: racism - see this post: 

https://www.reddit.com/r/QuotesPorn/comments/36wgi9/z/cri9yt3
If I had to force myself to read something I would not read it, unless I had to for school.

Orcs are Orcs, not black people. It sounds like the people who had the inclination to even connect the two are the "racists", wouldn't you say? 

Suppose Tolkien was racist, what of it? You can just not read his books, or whatever it is people do when they encounter a racist.
The books have huge swaths that are pretty slow.   Just part of the writing.   
No argument there but like I tried getting at if u put yourself in Sam or poor old frodos non existent shoes it's alot scarier and fast paced in my opinion...but I do have an overactive imagination 
Yes! Do it! It is worth reading every page, even the slower-paced ones!
Not gonna lie.  I found the whole Lord of the Rings trilogy kind of boring, but it's definitely worth the read.
I agree that the FOTR can be boring at times but it starts to get good at Moria. And then Books II-VI are simply amazing. Definitely give it another go!
It's slow cause the danger in the beginning isn't too significant just some dudes on horses but for three foot tall halflings who are used to drinking and chillin it's horrorfiyng and p.s. pretty sure most people from tolkiens time were racist 
The reason is because you're picturing movie Legolas killing an entire army while looking badass, when you should be picturing book Legolas who's a great warrior but can't take a whole group of Uruks singlehandedly. 
Aragorn was, by far, the better tracker of the group. He is the one that followed their trail and it's because Aragorn couldn't follow the trail at night (because of the machinations of Saruman) that the Hunters had to stop at night. The pace of the Hunters was dictated by their ability to follow the trail moreso than their physical ability. Without Aragorn, Legolas would have actually been slower or may have even lost he trail entirely

Also Legolas, despite being baller as hell, couldn't have taken on the whole company of Uruk-Hai by himself. He would have just ended up very very dead.
Yea, that's not going to work imo. That's a lot of Orcs and even Boromir fell to them. He was one of the great captains of Gondor. Elves do get tired. Even if he tried to run up on them and shoot at them and harrass their rear, who's to say there are no Orcs faster than he is who'd catch him? They have their own bowmen as well. Fingolfin got tired in his battle with Morgoth, "at the last the King grew weary" (Of the Ruin of Beleriand and the Fall of Fingolfin).
Because Legolas exhausted his ridiculous magic orc slaying abilities after being driven into a blood rage over being friendzoned by a cute she-elf and a teenage dwarf.
Because only sucides take on a horde alone.
In agreement with the others here, I doubt he would have been able to save them on his own. One thing I would add is that they likely didn't want to separate the company any more than necessary. I mean if your question why didn't they get to Merry and Pippin ASAP, you may as well also ask why they didn't just leave Gimli behind - he was the slowest one. No, they needed to stay together which they do for the rest of the next two books.
Brilliant. 
Really badass making her the o.g. woman who can do anything
This is so clever and well-executed. I love it!
Technically this does not portray Anduril, but portrays Narsil, the broken blade. The blade was only renamed Anduril after its reforging. Nice artwork though!
Awesome :)
Nice merge of the symbols. I like it.
Excellent!
Good thing that correction did not have to be done on the arm!
Where are we going?
I always thought it pretty straightforward. Bilbo was having a bit of a breakdown because of all the talk about dragons and co-conspirators and none but Gandalf possibly ever returning, combined with the overall stress of having to suddenly play host to thirteen strange Dwarves. The "struck by lightning" part was just his reaction to the bright light Gandalf conjured.

Edit: That's from an in-universe perspective. From Tolkien's point-of-view, this was probably just part of his attempt to establish Bilbo's character at the beginning of the novel as gentle, even timid, and home-loving - quite the opposite of the sort of person who goes on adventures and fights dragons and whatnot.

Remember also that The Hobbit is much more light-hearted in tone than Tolkien's later works; if I recall correctly, shortly after Bilbo's fit, the reader is regaled with an account of the invention of golf. So you can just take it as an amusing, slightly over-the-top description of Bilbo freaking out over everything that's happened that evening.
Aragorns sword seems small to me, it should be over 40 inches in length from pommel to point(its a hand and a half or bastard sword). Its should be larger than Hadhafang(the arwen sword).
Nice
Hey! You just reminded me that I have LOTR replica swords in my mom's house that she keeps asking me to do something with. Would you want them? I have Glamdring, Narsil, Sting, and Legolas' daggers.
It's all speculation. My understanding is that Tolkien had originally wrote that Gandalf was the only one of the 5 wizards who did not fail his mission. Sauron fell, the blue wizards were said to create cults in the far east, and Radagast ignored the fight against the enemy to pursue the study of beasts and birds.

Tolkien later changed his mind on this, stating that the blue wizards potentially helped create a resistance in the far east. Radagast may have focuses on freeing and preserving the animals and plants of middle earth, which may have needed a shepard in the same way as gandalf was to the free people.

The last we hear about Radagast is that when the elves went to summon him to the council of elrond, his home was abandoned. 

Since gandalf was hundreds of years old by the time he left middle earth, I believe that the wizards were immortal and timeless. Assuming Radagast wasn't killed or captured by Sauron, the real question becomes; did he actually succeed or fail his mission? If Radagast succeeded, then its highly likely that he eventually returned to the west. if he failed, it's highly likely that he would have been denied access to the west. In that situation, I believe Radagast would still be around to this day. Probably hiding deep in some forgotten woods where he can continue his study of birds and beasts and not be bothered by the bothersome free peoples. I imagine him losing some of his humanity over the long ages, the result and punishment for the neglect of his charge. 
The wizards (Istari) are of the 'Maiar' race (analogous to angels), which is a subset of the 'Ainur' (a term which encompasses all of the "divine" beings formed by the Creator, Eru Ilúvatar). Sauron himself is a Maia, as are Balrogs.

Also among the Ainur are the 'Valar', which are god-like beings. Some of the more notable among them are Manwë, Varda (Elbreth), and Melkor (Morgoth, Sauron's master in previous ages). These and more are all covered extensively in The Silmarillion.

All of the Ainur are immortal beings, however the bodies they inhabit can be slain. Saruman is in fact slain by Wormtongue at the end of the trilogy. After being killed, his spirit rises and tries to return Westward to Valinor (the home of the Ainur), but the Valar would not receive him after his evil deeds, and sent a powerful wind to blow his spirit away. Presumably his spirit still wanders, formless and impotent. I believe Sauron has also earned this fate.

So, now to the question of Radagast. A couple things may have happened. Perhaps he was released or escaped whatever ensnarement he had been caught up in, and still resides in Middle Earth, seeing over the birds and beasts as he used to. Perhaps his body was slain, and his spirit returned back to Valinor. However, he would have to contend with the will of the Valar who may or may not receive him, as he had essentially abandoned the mission they had charged him with. It's possible they banished him too from returning, but I'm guessing they'd be chill about it and let him back. Maybe with some reprimanding.

If anyone with more knowledge would like to correct anything here, please do.
Riding on his sleigh of Rustabell rabbits, of course.
At some point T wrote that Gandalf had lived the lifespan of 300 men. No word on what happened to Radagast, but I hope he is still around.
I'm still disgusted that P Jackson turned Radagast into a clown.
Sauron doesn't want to destroy the realms of Men and Elves and Dwarves. He wants to rule them.  
"Thus, as the Second Age draws on, we have a great Kingdom and evil theocracy (for Sauron is also the god of his slaves) growing up in Middle-earth."

Letters of Tolkien, Letter 131 - to Milton Waldman

"So they [númenoreans] came into conflict with Sauron, the lieutenant of the Prime Dark Lord, who had fallen back into evil and was claiming both kingship and godship over Men of Middle-earth."

Letters of Tolkien, Letter 156 - to Robert Murray SJ

"The Eldar and the Númenóreans believed in The One, the true God, and held worship of any other person an abomination. Sauron desired to be a God-King, and was held to be this by his servants; if he had been victorious he would have demanded divine honour from all rational creatures and absolute temporal power over the whole world."

"When he found how greatly his knowledge was admired by all other rational creatures and how easy it was to influence them, his pride became boundless. By the end of the Second Age he assumed the position of Morgoth's representative. By the end of the Third Age (though actually much weaker than before) he claimed to be Morgoth returned."

Letters of Tolkien, Letter 183, notes on W.H. Auden's review of the Lord of the Rings
One of Tolkien's consistent themes is about the futility of evil. In his world, being arrogant, selfish, greedy, and violent causes you to go through a degenerative process. You may gain power and dominion for a while, you may do a lot of damage to the world along the way, but even when you think you've won you wind up with nothing that you wanted.

Melkor, Sauron, Saruman: they all started out as creatures of power, majesty, and wisdom, and they all ended up wretched remnants of their former selves. They wanted to create new things of their own, or bring order to the world, but by cutting themselves off from Eru (God) and choosing to serve only their own ambitions, they condemned themselves.

So yes, this late in Sauron's history he's pretty much setting himself up to be nothing but king of a wasteland. Once he wasn't lost to evil, once he had much grander ambitions. But by the end of the Third Age he's lost so much, given up so much, that he can't recover.
Because Sauron wanted to dominate them, not destroy them. That was the whole purpose of the creation of the different Rings of Power. His corruption worked on the Men, creating the Nazgul, but failed with the Elves.

When you look at the known map of Middle-earth, Sauron before his demise, pretty much conquered all of the East, South, and Northeast, and Angband.
No. You're going more to the Morgoth route where he would destroy all of his enemies and then his servants. Sauron was all good with having servants from various races. The Black Númenóreans were in his hand, and Men of the East and South as well.

> He did not object to the existence of the world, so long as he could do what he liked with it... Sauron (unlike Morgoth) would have been content for the Númenóreans to exist, *as his own subjects*, and indeed he used a great many of them that he corrupted to his allegiance. [Notes on Motives in the Silmarillion]
I hear it's even better with a live orchestra.
Maybe in 2021 for the 20 year anniversary of FOTR?
I will throw out there that some theaters do reruns of the trilogy! Much to my geeky glee. 
Arda is our Earth so technically its timeline hasn't ended. However, Tolkien wrote very little about the Fourth Age and beyond.

Tolkien started a sequel called The New Shadow set during the reign of Aragorn's son. 

The Notion Club Papers are about some records from the 1980s being found in 2012.
Not counting the 'Arda is Earth' part or the unfinished sequel, the last date I believe was F.A. 185, the year of Sam's great-grandson Harding of the Hill's death. 

The last year involving any Lord of the Rings character was F.A. 121, the year of Arwen's death. 
It starts off before Arda was made, in the endless Void with Eru, or God, with the Ainur around him. There they made a great music, and that music was the creation of Eä (universe) and within it Arda (Earth).

Read the Silmarillion for the entire tale, it's quite good.

Edit: I mainly read the title and interpreted "leave off" as in where/when it started. I'll leave this here for whoever is interested.
The timeline "ends" when the last of the fellowship leaves middle earth.
Do they have online store you can link?
I'd say that you didn't start shopping early, but precisely when you meant to!
I'd love that... there is always great things to find in Afflecks :D
ordered thanks op
You better give this to him either early or late... lol
The style reminds me of a traditional American tattoo. It's great. 
Hoping you are actually my brother in Manchester, and you are trying to help the disguise by saying it's not for my birthday next month!
I thought this was a piece of stained glass at first. It's pretty cool still. 
It fits really well, but i prefer the original one :P
[Watch this scene again, and look at all the idiots behind Aragorn and Theoden swinging at nothing as they go down the causeway. Now you'll never be able to unsee it.](/spoiler)
Gandalf did interact with the Ring, in "The Shadow of the Past." So basically nothing. Handling the Ring =/= claiming the Ring.
As /u/MikeOfThePalace points out, Gandalf does handle the Ring. You're focusing on the picking it up, but that's not the important bit here. It's being *given* the Ring. Ownership, or custody, of the Ring is what matters.
Gandalf does handle the Ring later in the story, very briefly, and that's at a point where he *is* fairly certain that it's the One Ring. In fact, it's just at the point where he's about to test it once and for all.

He clearly doesn't worry about just touching it for a moment, although it's not inconsistent with the text to assume that he doesn't want to handle it for very long. Certainly he's inclined from the beginning to be very careful with it.
Because he knew it would turn him into a very powerful monster. 
He was not sure what it was initially, but he had a pretty good idea.
The matter is that what might have happened if our Mithrandir picked up the Ring and declares himself the ruler of Middle-Earth . An epical master battle with the Valar against the powerful creations of the new Dark Lord?
[deleted]
The ring would "notice" Gandalf and the ring might start trying to use Gandalf and he doesn't know if he could resist or even what it would do.
lort of the rings
Assuming you mean LotR,yes they take place in the same universe.  So does the Hobbit.

But the Hobbit isn't as good. Watch LotR first. Then read the Hobbit book preferably. 

You won't see many of the same characters in the Hobbit film because it takes place many, many years earlier. 
The Fellowship of the Ring, The Two Towers, and The Return of the King are basically one continuous 9 hour movie, released in three pieces.

The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey, The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug, and The Hobbit: the Battle of Five Armies are the same. One giant movie, released in three parts.

The Hobbit trilogy is a prequel to the Lord of the Rings trilogy. Bilbo, the protagonist of the Hobbit, is an old man at the start of LotR.

You should watch the Lord of the Rings trilogy first, followed by the Hobbit trilogy.
1) It's all one universe.

2) No, there's no weird way to watch. Fellowship, Two Towers, Return of the King

3) The Hobbit is a LotR movie, if you want to watch The Hobbit as well the order would be: An Unexpected Journey, The Desolation of Smaug, Battle of the Five Armies
Regarding 2): The correct way to watch it is LORT 1, LORT 3, Star Trek II: Wrath of Khan, LORT 2.
The Lord of the Ring movies correspond to the three LotR books. Although they are not quite the same. The books, like the movies, begin with Fellowship of the Ring and end with Return of the King. The Hobbit is not LotR. They do have a connection, but are almost seperate works that have connections. For example, the Ring Bilbo finds in the Hobbit is magic but it's not as dangerous as revealed in LotR. Like the correspondence betweeen the LotR books and the LotR movies, the Hobbit corresponds to the three movies it was broken up into.
Other people have answered your questions, but I'd just like to mention the most popular weird way to watch Star Wars is 4, 5, 1, 2, 3, 6 (Many just ignore 1)
1) Yes. Hobbit just happens about 60 years earlier than the LOTR.

2) I would watch the Hobbit movies first and then the LOTR movies (LOTR were tenfold better than the Hobbit movies). 

3) You might see some characters that are both in the Hobbit + LOTR, like Bilbo, Gollum, Gandalf, and a few others.

Best advice: Read the books as well: Hobbit first then LOTR books. It will kinda ruin the movies since the books are realy different from the movies. 
The correct way to wach star wars is 
New hope 
Empire
Jedi
Awakens

And forget anything about any other films
Either you're trolling or you don't have the intellectual capability to fully understand the universe that Tolkien has created.
The dials on the top are the Dwarf alphabet, and hold the key to sliding the lid off. But the Moria gate is also a part of the puzzle... 

[Additional image 1](http://i.imgur.com/f6hLhNE.jpg)
[Additional image 2](http://i.imgur.com/A9kB1V9.jpg)
Does it summon Cenobites?

Sorry watched Hellraiser and Hellraiser II yesterday.
They are the greatest horsemen of middle earth. 

Eorl's folk broke the Balchoth at the Battle of the Field of Celebrant and saved Gondor and earned the lands that would become Rohan.

During the siege of Helm's Deep it would have been ridiculous to use cavalry. Theoden's host was too small to meet Saruman's forces in the field and so retreated to the holdfast of the Hornburg. You would always want to stay within the walls to preserve your advantage so no cavalry use until the forces of Saruman had very nearly taken the fortress.

 Erkenbrand's force had been routed from the fords of Isen and probably lost most of their horses. In addition to this, Helm's Deep is a valley that limits the ability of cavalry to maneuver which would have meant death against the pikemen of Saruman's army.

In the Battle of Pelennor Fields, the host of the Rohirrim broke the siege despite being incredibly outnumbered by more than five times their own strength. And the group of cavalry they faced was that of the Haradrim, from the South, who "thrice outnumbered" the Rohirrim. Despite all this, Theoden slew the chieftain of the Haradrim and threw down their banners.

By all of this, the Rohirrim are without a doubt the greatest horsemen in Middle-Earth.

Edit: a word
Well horse are essentially every part of the rohirrim's life. However their style of fighting was very different from the Easterlings. It should be noted however that "Easterlings" is a generic title, and that there are sub groups of them such as the wain-riders and the Balchoth , who do both end up on the losing sides of the wars they fought. 
I don't think there is enough text to support this, but I quite like the postulation that Gondor's knights of Dol Amroth (Swan Knights) may have been the most cavalry powerful during the War of the Ring. Unlike Rohan, who had to trade Gondor for its military goods, I imagine Dol Amroth had the means to produce truly heavy cavalry. The Swan knights accompanying Aragon ultimately decided the battle at the end according to the books, while they are not portrayed in the actual movies. 
The word stem roh/roch means 'horse' in Elvish, so the people of Gondor (who often name things in Elvish) called them Rohan/Rohirrim. They call their own country the Riddermark ('Rider's March'?), and themselves Eorlingas ('people of Eorl', the king who led them from the North to Rohan). They are more or less modeled on the Anglo-Saxons, and their names and language are Anglo-Saxon. The real world Saxons often had a horse as a symbol, and still do today:  [the Saxon Steed](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saxon_Steed) . It is still used in the heraldry of places where continental Saxons live. The German wikipedia page has more pictures. 

Now, they also fight on foot a few times. In the movies Éomer is the relief force at Helm's Deep, but in the book Éomer is already at Helm's Deep, and the allies Gandalf brings are Erkenbrand and men on foot from the Westfold. Also, later when Théoden has died on the fields of Gondor and Éomer is the new king, he says this after he sees ships with black sails approach:

> Stern now was Éomer's mood, and his mind clear again. He let blow the
horns to rally all men to his banner that could come thither; for he thought
to make a great shield-wall at the last, and stand, and fight there on foot
till all fell, and do deeds of song on the fields of Pelennor, though no man
should be left in the West to remember the last King of the Mark. So he rode
to a green hillock and there set his banner, and the White Horse ran rippling
in the wind.

So they also fight on foot with shield-walls. But right after this he sees it is Aragorn and his allies that arrive on those ships (in the book they are not the ghosts, but people from other parts of Gondor).
It's not practice to use horses while moving around on the battlements.

1. It makes you taller and easier to hit.

2. There is not that enough space on the walls for them to be using horses.

3.its just impractical to use horses while defending helms deep.

4. They won't rise out and meet them because there aren't enough of them.
[deleted]
Where did u get it?
Nice!
I think they're fantastic, and I enjoy them a lot... but they're definitely not perfect.
I'm the opposite, they're my favorites despite knowing many of their flaws
Maybe not perfect films, but I'd go as far as to say that they're the best adaptations ever made. The books are 60 some odd years old, and the prose and pacing are definitely hard for a lot of people to push through. The movies took the books and turned them into 9+ hours of consistent entertainment. The music, the actors, the sets, the cinematography are all incredibly well done and take the books into a new medium better than any other attempt. 
I think they're more of less a perfect movie representation of the books.
I like them. 
If you don't mind my asking, what is your favorite, or favorites?
see they arent my favorites, but thats because im burned out from the childhood years of me being obsessed with them and fully believing they are perfect movies. 
If they were perfect movies we would have gotten to see the scouring of the shire
Orange cats ftw!
That cat looks familiar.... 
Tevildo, Prince of Cats. 
Definition of shitpost 
Its just an introduction for people who've never heard of LotR before watching the film

. The fact that its Galadriel saying it is pretty meaningless - I doubt much thought was put into it from  a personality  perspective. 


That's because they ARE the wisest and fairest of all the Children of Iluvatar. Other races, including the Ainur, consistently describe them as such. The one thing they didn't have is freedom from the Circles of the World. Their life is bound to that of the Earth for as long as it remains. Humans on the other hand received the Gift of mortality, which gives them fate beyond that of the Earth upon their death and rejoin Iluvatar in His halls outside the universe. This is why even the wisest and fairest of all the Children of Iluvatar envy the Gift given to humanity.
To be fair, she doesn't say that in the book. In fact, she lived through the First and Second Ages and the Elves did a bunch of really stupid (and perhaps 'evil') things back then.

That line was said in the movie to show that the Elves were not corrupted, while Men were, and the Dwarves sort of resisted corruption but they used it to get wealthy. Now the difference is that Sauron did not create the Three and never touched them, but Sauron took part in creating all the other Rings. So the 'sixteen' (Nine and Seven) are probably more corruptive because that was Sauron's purpose, and not just because Men are weak. It seems Men are generally more easily corrupted, but it's not a hard rule. Galadriel admits she long desired the One Ring, but Faramir says he feels no desire for it (fairly unique). Aragorn also resists the Ring (he could have taken it from Frodo) in Bree or in the wild.
Yes, but to be honest that fits with her character and with many of the race of elves. 
> a bit full of herself, no?

Pretty accurate description for most elves I'd say.

However, it isn't really a huge stretch. Elves' beauty standards are determined by how slender one is, how fair their hair and how smooth their skin. None of the other races come even close to them in those regards.

Also, their immortality thing probably helped a lot with being the 'wisest'. In all honesty, the average elf probably was a fair bit smarter than the average human or dwarf, and certainly didn't lack the arrogance to say so.
Wicked, tricksy, false!
Should Gollum really be considered a servant of Sauron? 

While his knowledge of the ring's whereabouts and his desire to reclaim it aided Sauron (although also caused his downfall), Gollum was only ever in it for his own personal gain. 

He cared not about the high powers of above who tortured him to obtain knowledge; he cared only about reclaiming his 'precious' and preventing its destruction. By the end of the book, he in no way served Sauron either intentionally or unintentionally. 
In it for the $$$, not for the accuracy. Or sure looks like it, anyway. Hard to see how a mistake that obvious could be made. 
I could be wrong, but wasn't the original film design for the Witch King very similar to Sauron? I think I heard they had to redo it because they didn't want people to get confused. Not saying that's what happened here, just a fun tidbit. 

**EDIT:** The original design is actually in the Return of the King video game. It is very Sauron-like. 

**EDIT 2:** Sounds really loud apparently...sorry...

https://youtu.be/o9Gk0b3avd0?t=420
Has it been deleted? I couldn't find it.
I always thought the witch king's outfit was cooler anyways. 
I thought the witch king was just one of the commanders of Saurons army, kinda like Imlerith from the witcher 3, who was Eredin's number one guy. 
Doesn't seem like an official page 
But can they see why kids love the taste of Cinnamon Lembas Crunch?
fucking casuals
This is an embarassment
triggered 
I think they've since deleted this now. XD
Forgive me, but the mistake is not jumping out at me.
When you coudn't even follow the movies...
cryptic 
Tell me where is the LOTR fb page admin, for I much desire to speak with them.
You sir, gave me a good chuckle
Hi,

I did the orchestration myself, and while it's far from perfect, I'm quite proud of it.
Earlier this year i did a cover of [Into The West](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dj-fxEDJqhU) .

I love singing these songs, as it takes me back to that magical time where LOTR movies were still coming out. 

I hope you enjoy it.
I'd say do a re-read and  listen to this podcast/college course on Tolkien. It really helped me find my feet with the Silmarillion and the sections on the Hobbit, LotR and other works are great too.

http://tolkienprofessor.com/lectures/courses/the-undergraduate-tolkien-survey/

So - read the pages recommended for each session, then listen to the podcast. The stuff on Leaf by Niggle and Tolkien's ideas about fantasy in general can be optional but are also pretty great.
Also, because of the way the stories were written, I think it not even possible to remember every detail even with a superhuman memory. Re-reading is definately the way to go: the stories sometimes foreshadow future events that the reader simply won't get on a first read. For example, Tom Bombadil basically mentions the Dúnedain before the hobbits (and the reader) have met Aragorn.

The reader also doesn't know what people like Elrond or Gandalf are talking about when they refer to history (the Silmarillion and LotR Appendices stuff). They are really books you get more out of by reading them multiple times.
I used to have this problem when I was about your age. What I eventually found helped a lot was to read a bit more slowly, and to make a conscious effort to visualize what you are reading. In other words, you almost have to "never mind the words," so to speak, but to just relax, as much as possible, and let them do their job of putting pictures in your mind. 
Watch it by myself 
Why, just lately, on these boards with all you fine folks, of course. :) 
Some of the insights and discussions I've seen here have been pretty eye-opening, and a few even astounding, pointing out things to me I would've never stumbled upon on my own. There are some talented scholars here, whether they have actual degrees or not, who are well worth paying close attention to. 

edit- As for the films, my middle son enjoys a watch with me every now and then, but the rest of my tribe are, well, pretty much trolls, I guess you'd say. Put it on and they turn to stone.
Make friends online and marathon over Skype is the next best thing. 
I read the books up at my cabin in the mountains, completely alone and just sitting in a hammock in the silence.
Make my girlfriend watch it
I have two friends at home with whom I am in a private Facebook group. We marathon the films each January 1st, which is what gets me through the year, LotR-wise. Other than that, online communities are a great way to discuss the works of Johnny T. I have a few friends here who like the story, but they keep telling me that I get 'too into it' whenever I talk about the legendarium.
I constantly make inside jokes and references to myself. I met this kid at my school who had the Dimrill Gate on his shirt, and so I asked him if he knew the name of the elf who designed it.
He looked at me like a spoke chinese...

I annoy my non-LOTR fan friends with my constant rants about how good it is.
I watch it with my dead cat
I just watch with my dad or sister
I just do.
I try not to let it define me and do other things with my friends?
My kids went off to college and stole all the books and movies.
Forever alone!
The kids are both in college and doing really great, so I can't plain. They basically do everything possible to scare the hell of me though. Cave exploration. Off the grid in the Amazon . . . .
Approved, but do not post any links to the complete edit. Please see the rules on the sidebar regarding works that infringe copyright. If you have any questions, please PM the mods. 
Hi there, I'm flattered that you consider my fan edit (the Maple Films cut) and two other edits to be an influence on your own project. I do have some reservations about your own edit based on the clips you've uploaded so far though. Please don't take offense to my comments but I believe in honest and direct feedback.

First off, what is the goal of your version? You say you've made the BEST Hobbit edit by combining ideas from three edits into your own, but are you trying to make a purist version? Or one that fits closer with the LOTR films? Your site says you're making it "simple, faithful to the book and which could stand alone as a theater-quality movie." But the way you've arranged certain scenes already (based on your cutlist and the Youtube clips) kind of goes against that goal.

* You criticized my edit and Killstein's for having a lot of audio mistakes, but there are several transition/fade/level issues in your clips alone. Not to toot my own horn, but the audio cuts in my edit were about as precise as I could get them to be without access to the original stem files.

* Your opening prologue features Frodo, who wasn't in the book. Even so, you don't commit to keeping him on screen for more than a few seconds. He isn't acknowledged by Bilbo nor does he have any dialogue, and this comes off as awkward. Plus the transition from old Bilbo to young Bilbo is weird...and why did you change the music when the original score was fine?

* The dinner scenes in Bag End...you cut Gandalf yelling at the dwarves but we still see some of his magic "shadow" on the walls. Plus the reaction shot of Bilbo is one of fear, but it no longer makes sense if Gandalf is merely standing up. The audio cut of the chair falling is noticeably distracting too. 

* You cut Blunt the Knives, but you didn't remove it entirely? Not sure why you couldn't just let the song play out an extra 30-40 seconds, especially since it was in the book! Or just remove it completely...you're trying to split the difference and it doesn't work.

* We all know how tough the AUJ-DOS transition is...however I wouldn't call yours **the best and of theater-quality** as you claim. The cut from Bilbo saying "I believe the worst is behind us" to them running from Beorn makes little sense...if you're showing them on top of the Carrock, the audience expects to see how they get down from it! The pacing goes from a calm scene of resolution to dropping us in the middle of a chase- it makes no sense. The "theatrical" version is even more confusing...where did they get those fully-rigged ponies? 

I could list a bunch of other issues I'm seeing so far (the actual Battle of Five Armies just won't work as a flashback), and for you to go and say things like **this is the fanedit to end all fanedits!** is a little premature and full of hyperbole. Your clips and cutlists are leading to awkward plot holes, continuity errors and no sense of cinematic pacing. Instead of trying to make a patchwork from other edits, I'd suggest you find your own narrative path by starting from the original films. Ultimately, this looks like a messy Frankentein assembly of three fanedits and the actual studio release(s).




... people don't like the songs? 

Other than that it sounds cool. Although bringing it in line with the LotR tone is one of the choices I dislike.
Legolas wasn't even tired. Aragorn and Gimli powered through it. 


None of these characters are like regular Men. Aragorn is of the **House of Elendil**, "*Hardy is the race of Elendil*!" (The Riders of Rohan) He and his people, "*the soldiers of the Dúnedain, tall men of great strength and endurance*" (Disaster of the Gladden Fields, Note 9), are physically superior to other Men, "*more like to the First-born than any other kindred of Men*." (Akallabêth) Gimli is a Dwarf and **Orcs** were described as being "*by training as tough as Dwarves in enduring hardship*" (Myths Transformed: Orcs) and "*they go with great speed for all that [destroying things in their path, hacking & and slashing] and they do not tire*" (The Depature of Boromir). The **Dwarves** are described as being:

> stone-hard, fast in friendship and in enmity, and they suffer toil and hunger and hurt of body more hardily than all other speaking people; [Of Aulë and Yavanna]

> Dwarves too can go swiftly, and do not tire sooner than Orcs. [The Depature of Boromir]

The **Elves** are "*made more like in nature to the Ainur, though less in might and stature*" (Of the Beginning of Days) and like the Dwarves they can also endure greater hardships than Men and recover from injuries that may kill a man. Elvish bodies,

> were thus capable of far greater and longer physical exertions (in pursuit of some dominate purpose of their minds) without weariness; they were not subject to diseases; they healed rapidly and completely after injuries that would have proved fatal to Men; and they could endure physical pain for long periods. [The Debate of Finrod and Andreth]

Even so they do of course get weary as demonstrated by Fingolfin in his battle with Morgoth, "*at the last the King grew weary*" (Of the Ruin of Beleriand and the Fall of Fingolfin).

They ran about 135 miles in almost four days. 

> Forty leagues and five you have measured ere the fourth day is ended! [The Riders of Rohan]

Éowyn feels "*no mightier men had she seen than the Dúnedain*" and again "*yet knew, for she was bred among men of war, that here was one whom no Rider of the Mark would outmatch in battle*". In both of these instances she is referring to the superiority of the Dúnedain of the North and of the South (in Gondor). Isildur himself ran (mostly) over 20 miles in several hours on treacherous ground in the dark before he was killed in the Anduin, "*he went on more warily, for wide flats stretched on into the gloom before him, rough and pathless, with many traps for wandering feet*." (Disaster of the Gladden Fields) This was done all in armour as well.

> he cast off all his armour and weapons, save a short sword at his belt, and plunged into the water.

Of the three companions only "*Legolas stepped as lightly as ever*" and Aragorn had declared "*I am weary*" whilst for Gimli the "*chase began to tell on him*" (The Riders of Rohan). They were actually losing ground to the Orcs. So much so they despaired that only the Eagles could catch them now. There is also the idea they had that;

> There is some will that lends speed to our foes and sets an unseen barrier before us: a weariness that is in the heart more than in the limb. [The Riders of Rohan]

The Orcs did rest as did the three companions. The Orcs were driven harder and perhaps Saruman had something to do with that, and also with the weariness of the pursuers.

> "They rested here a while," he said, "but even the outward trail is already old. I fear that your heart spoke truly, Legolas: it is thrice twelve hours, I guess, since the Orcs stood where we now stand." [The Riders of Rohan]

At the beginning of the chapter **The Uruk-hai** the Orcs are at rest before dusk, "*All about them sat or stood a great company of Orcs*." Then later on they stop again, "*Suddenly he was thrown on to the stony floor again. It was early night, but the slim moon was already falling westward*." This was when they received some treatment. A few more stops were made along the way.

> Hour after hour they ran, pausing now and again only to sling the hobbits to fresh carriers. [The Uruk-hai]
The Uruk-hai were fine to run day and night, but IIRC some normal Orcs joined up with them pretty early, and definitely by the time they get to Rohan they have a few hundred Orcs that really struggled to move a long way in the day time. Kinda like seasickness but with daylight.

Anyway that might've slowed them down some, maybe just 10-20% but it could be enough for Aragorn and co. to gain on them.
Why do you think the Orcs are so much faster than them?  Orcs have to rest too.
All versions of Return of the King have the appendices, don't worry about that. 
My only advice is that you get a four-volume set and not all the stories in a single book (!) It's a bit like Shakespeare's complete works - looks great on the shelf but it's not the least bit practical. 
The deluxe, leather-bound, pocket edition is really nice if you're planning on traveling with them. They are very durable, small, and visually appealing. The text is rather small however so if your eyesight isn't that great it may not be the best choice. 
Harper Collins deluxe Hardcover and Hardsleeved lotr books is my absolute favorites and can't recommend them enough! Pretty pricey though.
Thanks for pointing out Vainamonien, I must now research this myself for my own pleasure! 

Would be an interesting character to insert into a student amateur flash animation that I'm creating of Kulervo. So I thank you again.
I've read parts of it... One of these days, I may get around to the whole bit. Sure wish I could read it in Finnish, but I'm afraid my brain is not of extraterrestrial caliber. 
I read a bunch of The Kalevala in Finnish in school when I was a teen, but my experience was much like what I'd imagine a British teenager's experience is reading Beowulf, or an American's reading The Song Of Hiawatha. I recognised the language and archetypes, but needed the explanations on the adjacent page to make sense of the words and events. I then didn't touch the book for a good ten years, but I picked it up in English about two years ago. I spent a lot of time putting together the many storylines, and trying to wrap my head around that Lemminkäinen is the same character as Kaukomieli etc. I do intend to read it Finnish one summer.
Yeah, I'm absolutely stoked for this. I'm confident that Christopher will give it very great treatment. Part of me wonders if there will be any original content (or even new interpretation) of the material with all of the different versions being brought together in one place for the first time.
Here's a link for more info 
https://www.theguardian.com/books/2016/oct/19/jrr-tolkiens-middle-earth-love-story-published-beren-and-luthien
What's going on?

Wow this is the first time I've heard of this. I am so excited for this. The story of Beren and Luthien is my favorite in the Silmarillion.
Yes.  I will absolutely be buying it.  Take one look at my flair and you'll be able to guess how happy the announcement made me.
Does it have a release date?
Oh, this sounds interesting! I didn't know there was going to be a book about this.
Of course! Christopher Tolkien has not let me down yet. 
they should make one about the brother and sister who fell inlove and killed a dragon before comiting suicide
Is that blueberry?

edit: thought it was a cheesecake.
Read that as gif and stayed way longer than needed 
Please open up a store. I would buy one in a heartbeat. 
That's really amazing!!! Sign me up for one!!!!
I'll take one ASAP
Dude!  I know you! An etsy store would be dope. 
First, that's so awesome and I'd buy it in a heartbeat. Second, it totally looks like they're walking on the back of a whale. 
Yes!! I'd love to be your first real customer 
I'd totally buy one! Did your girlfriend like it? 
For some reason I thought that was a picture of a cake that you made and I imagined how delicious it would taste until I saw the tree bark on the sides
I need this in my life!!!!
You should make coasters.
Didn't someone post this as a tattoo about 2 months ago? Not anything bad... but Just wondering where to get a high res shot of the  original. 
Is that a solid wood disc or manufactured? You don't see many oval trees but from what I can see of the rings they appear to be oval too.
I'm sorry for my ignorance, but what is this?
Lord of the Tree Rings.
How much are you charging for them then ser
Why the Black Speech around the Fellowship? Bit like putting a picture of the Twelve Apostles in a Pentagram. 
Check out /r/quenya and /r/tengwar assuming you mean alphabet, not font



5 x 4 feet, so a bit small, but [here you go](https://www.amazon.com/Northwest-Company-Brothers-Acrylic-Tapestry/dp/B00BCIM3M2/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1477108671&sr=8-3&keywords=lord+of+the+rings+map)
Did you find tickets? I went to the one in Seattle recently and it was AMAZING.
How many do you want or need?  I might have extra but I'm not sure yet how many or even if I will have extra at all, but I'll definitely keep you in mind.  Don't rely on me to have extra though lol.
There're so many that *could* make a great movie.  Problem is they probably *wouldn't* be made a great movie, and for sure they *won't* be made into a move any time soon.

However in my head the only way it could be done is a series of long shows/films like how Sherlock is done most could easily fill a pair of 1.5 hour "episodes".

The Unchaining of Melkor, and the theft of the Silmarils, through the Battle Under the Stars  
The Battle of Sudden Flame through the Battle of Unnumbered Tears    
Beren and Luthien   
Children of Hurin   
Tuor and the Fall of Gondonlin   
Earendil and the War of Wrath   
War of the Elves and Sauron through the Fall of Numenor.

All of these would have the "action" scenes that Hollywood seems to think are necessary.

I'd watch a tasteful Akalabeth or Beren/Luthien miniseries.
With enough backstory presented, imo, I feel like 'Beren and Luthien' could make a real connection with a general audience, one not as familiar with the whole thing as most of us are. That, in turn, if profitable enough, could lead to more of the tales making it to the screen. But isn't the major problem here with Christopher? Not that I ever have, or ever will, fault him for his choices, however. 
Can check out [The Silmarillion Series](https://silmarillionseries.com/) site for a breakdown of how one individual would break up The Silmarillion into multiple seasons and what each episode would cover.

They did a pretty awesome job at covering everything in a way that would work.
“The North Wind blows, but we shall outfly it,’ said Gwaihir. And he lifted up Gandalf and sped away south, and with him went Landroval, and Meneldor young and swift.”

In other words, no.
Respect the eagles bro.  Their three names were Gwaihir, Landroval and Meneldor
Gandalf doesn't bring the eagles anywhere.  The eagles do whatever the hell they want to.
I believe so - he wouldn't have given up hope I think.
Thank you for this! I've always wondered why 3 eagles went up to mount doom and it never even crossed my mind about that it was about Smeagol.
That is assuming one eagle can't carry more than one Hobbit.
I don't think there was any way for Gandalf to know for sure that Smeagol was with Frodo and Sam. He suspected that Smeagol may have a role to play but he fell in Moria before Frodo tamed Smeagol in Emyn Muil.
Oh shit. Gandalf! You the real MVP.
Wow guys can anyone take a joke obv a fuckin 20 foot eagle isn't flying into the black lands without hundreds of thousand of orks goblins trolls shades and some magical fuckin evil deity noticing and stopping them 
Book Gandalf is pretty mean. About 50% of the uses of the word 'fool' are attributed to him, and it's used a *bunch*.
I would say that the biggest difference is in Gandalf the White, rather than Gandalf the Grey. In the movies, his rebirth feels a bit like an upgrade- he is more powerful, more wise and more determined, but still vulnerable. In the books, he takes on a more other-worldly feel. When he confronts Saruman, he completely dominates him. It is one of those moments when the reader can really appreciate how much greater he has become.

In the movies, he is shown to be more vulnerable in a "mortal" sense. (Not like a *mortal*, but rather *killable*). Don't get me wrong, he can be killed, just as Saruman can be killed. But that is never imminent in the books. Pippen doesn't save him from an orc. The Witch King doesn't break his staff. He doesn't participate in a suicide charge at the Black Gate. Rather, book Gandalf's sense of dread comes from the always present possibility of failure. He says that he is the greatest power in Middle Earth, save for Sauron himself. He says that he'll be there to the bitter end, even if he's all that's left. His fate would be tragic if his mission fails, but we never feel as though there is any moment when he is in any personal danger. (Even the tension of his confrontation with the Nazgul comes from the existential, rather than the personal).

A good example of this comes at the final battle. Gandalf is seen on a hill, mounted on Shadowfax. He is like a beacon of light, and no shadow falls on him- in a sea of darkness. He is stoic, peering into Mordor, reading the signs. He really does feel like an entity from another place, carrying a great power. In the movies he feels a bit more human- which I can certainly appreciate. But there's something to be said about just how much more *ascended* Gandalf the White feels in the books.
I think McKellen brought a large portion of warmth and kindness to Gandalf, though sometimes book Gandalf shines through with the "fool" remarks. He is sometimes jovial in the books too, but much of the humour is definitely new in the films. 
To kick off the discussion... I always imagined Gandalf to be quieter, more distant, lost in thought or in memories, but punctuated with moments of intense presence and single-minded focus.

Movie Gandalf is a little too youthful and easy-going.
I read the books after seeing the films, so my perception of Gandalf is definitely influenced by McKellen's performance, but I do agree with the other replies, Book Gandalf seemed more brusque and mean at times, and it's hard to say precisely why but the prose Gandalf just had an odd sense of mysterious power to him than the film counterpart never quite managed to show (though McKellen was of course, fantastic) oddly enough the Gandalf I pciture actually resembles Christopher Lee more in some ways, in my minds eye Gandalf is taller, older and more imposing than McKellen...
Too much direct action and not enough indirect influence.  I understand why, though.  It's really difficult to show subtle influencer Gandalf in an action movie.  He's got to just step up and kick ass or you're gonna lose the audience.
I saw the movies long, long before I read the books. So movie Gandalf IS my book Gandalf, although book Gandalf seems a tad bit more grumpy.
Yeah I'm going to go with movie Gandalf being much more open with his affection and kindness. Which I honestly love, adds a whole new depth of character to him. He doesn't just guard the world from evil, he cares about the people in it.
One is from the Canadian and the other is from the US iTunes store.

Maybe that's what it is?
Durin's Bane was very likely the last remaining Balrog.  It was thought all of them were killed in the War of Wrath (and very likely all the others were). There was never a great many of them anyway.
As mentioned ever so well already, Durin's Bane was likely the last. However, it's still ambiguous enough that we can assume/ponder that somewhere, somewhere deep in a strange place of the world another may be lurking around. We cannot say for sure either and that's kinda the beauty of it. 
Yeah, so I know this story isn't part of the Third Age (and I've simplified the details of the story)...but I love the one about the dark lord Morgoth who's in a battle against the great spider Ungoliant. Morgoth was on the verge of defeat, and in his weakened state, he summoned his servants from the deep... "*A loud cry of desperation from Morgoth penetrated deep into the walls of Angband and was heeded by Gothmog and the balrogs, and they rescued him from her clutches, driving Ungoliant away with their whips*." ...the idea of seeing this story in a visual/cinematic form gives me the chills.
I like to think the Watcher in the Water is preggo w/ Durin's Bane's baby. 
In the Unfinished Tales, it talks about many fleeing past Rhun to the Red Mountains. I'd wager there are still some there.
I always wondered along those lines as well. When I was reading The Silmarillion for the first time I read about the list Morgoth's allies. Of them there were balrogs, and I did a double take. BalrogS?!?
There is a chance that Ungoliant was still roaming around somewhere.  No one actually knows what happened to her.
I remember reading something about more Balrogs being out there in Unfinished Tales, but that was years ago and I can't remember. But I'm pretty sure there are more out there.
First thought: Maybe it would make things easier for the rest of us if you quoted specific passages that you're thinking of and described your thoughts in some detail beyond the word "evident."

Second thought: Sadly, people do change even after getting married.
If you want people's thoughts on the matter, it would be of immense help to actually quote whatever is troubling you.
I say let's all call ourselves hobbits and hold a contest to find out. ;) 

Seriously speaking, seeing that bloke at the start of the film carrying a large barrel over his shoulder, I'd have to surmise it'd be quite a bit, despite their small stature. 
It's the most important story in the mythos and deserves this treatment.  I'm certain Christopher and his staff have treated this material with the utmost respect, given [how important it was to Tolkien himself.](https://www.reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/22dxvp/the_children_of_h%C3%BArin_movie/cgm3aom)  
For those wondering there's a bit of confusion of just what exactly this is.  Is it a collection of the various forms of the story, or a compiled narrative like *Children of Hurin*?  [I've compiled info from various sources here](https://www.reddit.com/r/tolkienfans/comments/589m06/beren_and_luthien_compilation_book_announced_for/). Plenty of them seemingly conflict each other.
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.theguardian.com/books/2016/oct/19/jrr-tolkiens-middle-earth-love-story-published-beren-and-luthien) reduced by 66%. (I'm a bot)
*****
> JRR Tolkien&#039;s legend of the mortal man Beren and the immortal elf L&uacute;thien - a story that meant so much to the Lord of the Rings author that the characters&#039; names are engraved on the headstone shared by him and his wife - is to be published next year.

> L&uacute;thien&#039;s father, an Elvish lord, is against their relationship, and so gives Beren an impossible task to fulfil before the two can be married, said HarperCollins, which will publish Beren and L&uacute;thien next May. The pair then go on to rob &quot;The greatest of all evil beings, Melkor, called Morgoth, the Black Enemy, of a Silmaril&quot;, or jewel.

> Although no further Middle-earth titles have been published since The Children of H&uacute;rin, a host of previously unpublished works by The Lord of the Rings author have been released, from his retelling of a Finnish legend, The Story of Kullervo, to his poem The Fall of Arthur and his translation of the 11th-century Anglo-Saxon poem Beowulf.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/58bnxl/jrr_tolkiens_middleearth_love_story_to_be/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.65, ~7914 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *keywords*: **L&uacute;thien**^#1 **story**^#2 **Beren**^#3 **Tolkien**^#4 **publish**^#5
I wonder what it'll look like when it comes out in paperback. It would be nice if it matched up with the rest of my [Alan Lee illustrated paperbacks](http://imgur.com/hvQAcms)
I'm confused. How will this differ from the story in "The Silmarillion"?
Illustrated by Alan Lee btw. This should make it a must buy to add to your book shelf.
I made a comment, and was replied to with a history lesson designed to set me straight. 

If by "self centered" you mean "well informed on Tolkien," then I guess I'm self centered.
First of all, I don't need a history lesson; I'm quite well aware of Christopher's place as his father's executor.

Secondly, just because something can be published it doesn't necessarily need it should be. Almost everything Tolkien has ever written has been dragged out and released despite much of it being unfinished, including THE SILMARILLION itself.

As for where the author would stand in regards to the films: it is well known that he was highly critical of the Zimmerman draft that Ackerman planned to produce. I have copies of the screenplay in question, complete with Tolkien's handwritten notes in the margins, and I can confirm that many of the things he objected to were implemented by Peter Jackson. In that case, you're definitely right.
Great. More archaeological graverobbing, courtesy of that curmudgeonly Christopher Tolkien....the guy who claims that PJ cheapens his father's legacy while simultaneously publishing every grocery list he unearths.
I'd love to help, but I'm just a little confused on which cloak or cloaks you are referring to. Which character or characters wear the cloak in question?
I think this will help you. Here is the link to the New Zealand Designer's website where you can buy the items:

[Stansborough NZ Licensed Movie Products] (http://www.stansborough.co.nz/licensed-movie-products.html)


At war with the corsairs of Umbar.

Suffering through the Great Plague.

At war with the Wainriders of the East.

Etc.

Gondor was under constant attack from both South and East when Arnor was falling to Angmar...and they *still* managed to gather together a big enough army to annihilate the Witch-King's kingdom.

They just arrived too late to help Arnor...
Where was Gondor when the Westfold fell? Where was Gon-
Well for a long time Arnor was divided and didn't exist as a United Kingdom. During that time, there is no record of contact between Arnor and Gondor until TA 1945. So the two kingdoms were estranged and Arnor could not ask for help from its mightier sibling.
I still play bfme2. I love that game! 
Gondor and Arnor (Arthedain) only renewed communications between them in 1940 when they saw that they were victims of a simultaneous assault from the same will. Araphant's son (Arvedui) married Ondoher's daughter (Fíriel) in this alliance. Yet help could not be sent from either side to the other since Angmar was attacking the North and the Wainriders attacking Gondor in the South. 

In this period Gondor almost fell apart before Arthedain did since the Wainriders with their allies from Khand had killed Ondoher and his sons and routed his army. His cousin Eärnil later saved the day due to the incompetance of the Wainriders who sat on their haunches after defeating the northern army led by Ondoher. Eärnil first had to deal with the army from Harad in S. Ithilien before he absorbed the remnants of the Northern army into his own to take out the Wainriders who did not finish the job. As you can see Gondor itself was nearly toppled in 1944 so there was no way at this time they could aid the North (Arthedain). 

Even after he was crowned King in the South Eärnil had his own problems to deal with. Although he promised to send aid when he could to Arvedui, Eärnil was not "*sufficiently secure to do as he promised*" (Gondor and the Heirs of Anárion) and sent aid too late when he could in 1975. This force is actually described as "*a small sending force of the whole might of Gondor*" (Gondor and the Heirs of Anárion) although to the refugees up north who had fled to Lindon this appeared to be a great force of men.

This period of alliance aside, each kingdom was doing its own thing before the realization that they were under assault by a common foe. In the North there was their own strife as the kingdom broke into three parts ruled by one of the sons of Eärendur. In Gondor they too had their own strife when members of the King's House could not accept the inheritance of Eldacar and fought a long Civil War among themselves. When Eldacar was ousted after five years his cousin Castamir, and the closest of the confederates to the throne, ruled for ten years before Eldacar returned in force and overthrew him within a year's time of fighting. This was a period of 16 years from 1432 to 1448. Even immediately after this they were constantly fighting the Haradrim and Corsairs. The heirs of Castamir had "*made a refuge for all the enemies of the king, and a lordship independent of his crown*" (Gondor and the Heirs of Anárion) at Umbar.

In the North the same thing was happening. The three kingdoms were constantly fighting each other and Angmar took advantage of their disunion. By the early 1400s the Kings in Rhudaur and Cardolan died out and the last Prince of Cardolan was killed in 1409 in the invasion by Angmar.
Perhaps not really an answer, but they are referred to as the Fellowship a few times. Aragorn does so when he says farewell to Gimli and Legolas:

> 'Here then at last comes the ending of the Fellowship of the Ring,' said
Aragorn. 'Yet I hope that ere long you will return to my land with the help
that you promised.'

And Gandalf has a similar phrase when he says goodbye to the hobbits at the Grey Havens.

And this is really pure speculation on my part: but perhaps Elrond uses more fancy words such as the Latin-derived Company, versus the Germanic Fellowship.
I always thought it was just because "Company" sounds less personal than "Fellowship" and since they had just been formed and just met, Elrond would call them the Company of the Ring, and then they referred to themselves later as The Fellowship of the Ring, showing that they had become more than just allies, but also friends.
Wouldn't it be funny if it turns out that Fellowship of the Ring was just a last-minute change Tolkien made because he thought that Company of the Ring sounded dumb.
I remember the term being used rather frequently. Off the top of my head Gandalf says, "Well, here at last, dear friends, on the shores of theSea comes the end of our Fellowship in Middle-Earth." when He, Frodo, Bilbo, Galadriel, &  Elrond were departing from the Grey Havens. 
Yep, precisely what Elrond had to say about it. That's the way I always took it, anyway. 
>If so, could he have used the power of the ring for himself?

He **thought** he could.

It just isn't clear whether he was correct or not: wresting control of the Ring from Sauron would be ludicrously difficult and exceptionally dangerous.

But to be fair, Saruman had a better chance of succeeding than anyone else in Middle Earth.
I believe Saruman was corrupted by the Ring/Sauron due to his constant communications using the Palantir. Because of this, he, just like anyone else not named Sauron, started wanting the Ring for himself. 

I believe that Sauron knew this, and was using Saruman as another means to have the Ring returned to him. If Saruman captured Frodo and took the Ring, it would only be a matter of time until it found its way back to Sauron.
I think you're right. I've only just read the first two books FotR and TT but, it's been said a few times (by Gandalf I think and Galadriel), that only Sauron can truly use the ring how he wants to. 

I think it has to do with the evil energy or corruption that is baked into it. I think Sauron is the only one that aligns perfectly with that attitude, that magnitude of evil. In that way, it's like they're a perfect pair. It also sounded like it would corrupt anyone else that uses it.
 
Also, IIRC Sauron made the ring himself so the ring is attached to him. Throughout the books (so far), the narrator and the wise characters in it mention that the ring "seeks its master" (paraphrased). So, I think that no matter who else has it, and how strong they are, the ring will strive to be with Sauron again.

Meanwhile, Saruman did want it himself (I'm *pretty* sure having just read the book). Evidence for this is Gandalf said so. Plus, he seemed to have ordered his own band of orcs to take the ring to him rather than directly to Sauron. I think this came out in the arguments between the orc while Pippin and Merry were held prisoners. 

Anyway, he wanted it for himself (like almost everyone in the world), and he thought he could harness its power. I think this belief was created by the "corruption" of the ring and his growing hubris which stemmed from his strong army and his knowledge of his lord. 

I think at some point, Gandalf explicitly said something along the lines of "Saruman thought that he would be master over the ring but it only recognizes one true master over itself, Sauron"

Wish I had some actual quotes but, they're hard to find inside so many pages.. haha.
If you name your garage Isengard then you could drive your car home singing "I'm taking the Hobbitz to Isengard..."
I was hoping it would be "Shire" and "Baggins"
[Saw you the other day!](http://imgur.com/a/1vCeJ)
Cute!

Getting G1ML1, as my jeep is called so, but the real spelling is taken.
[deleted]
I was hoping for 'Beren' and 'Luthien', but this is pretty cool too.
I feel like they should be North and South Dakota.
Sometimes I forget North Dakota is a state.  Beautiful state, though... seems like a great place to live.
Nice ;D
EAF!
I need to get one of those ring inscription vinyls.
One does not simply drive into Mordor. 
So can you get the same licence plate in different countries, because I'm sure I've seen mordor before
Wow, how much did those things cost? Here in the UK I think interesting vehicle registration numbers go up for auction
You two are adorable... No way my wife would let me go for something like this. 

Green with envy!
This is defiantly relationship goals!
The Lord of the Rings was a very long story, told over three volumes or six books. It was written densely, with many characters and events happening, as well as long-winded descriptions about the land and the people. The amount of material in The Lord of the Rings is immense, and so instead of condensing it down to a single movie, PJ and Co. told the story over three movies, mostly corresponding to the three volumes. So when the movies were adapted from the books, most of the events and characters were preserved in the transition, with few additions made. While there were some questionable decisions made in the adaptation, overall it captured the books quite well.

The Hobbit, on the other hand, is a children's book. It is a short book, generally published with large, spaced font. The books has exactly two developed characters, Bilbo and Thorin. It's a short romp through a fantasy world that follows Bilbo and Thorin from one small encounter to the next, where the heart of the small hobbit is more important than armies or weapons. The Hobbit takes a couple hours to read, and yet PJ and Co. decided to expand the adaptation into three (long) movies, so, incredibly, it takes a longer time to watch the movies than it does to read the book. In order to stretch a three hour book into nine hours of movie, PJ added in unbelievable amounts of bloat to the movies, almost all of which directly contradicts the tone of the book. Ludicrous action sequences, irrelevant sidequests, and stupid conspiracies take the movies away from the title character, and instead make it about an over-the-top sword-fest with a plot that moves at a snails pace.

The Hobbit movies are an insult to the book. It's as if PJ decided to make an entire trilogy of just the two scenes in LoTR where Legolas slides down a staircase and when he kills that Mumakil. Martin Freeman's Bilbo is the only redeeming factor of the movies and even then they shunted him off to the sidelines.

Hell, the final movie stretched only a handful of pages into an hours-long, pointless battle with action that isn't even any good. And then they have the gall to remove Thorin being buried with the Arkenstone, which was extremely important for the last one and a half movies. That's not just bad adaptation, that's bad movie-making in general.

Movie 2 has the dwarves giving up and going home after a few minutes of not finding the keyhole. Bilbo's exchange with Smaug was pretty good (<3 Martin Freeman) but then the Dwarves came in and suddenly it became a scooby-doo chase.

Don't even get me started on Tauriel. I wish PJ could at least have had the decency to have his token female character not exist solely as a love interest to make us care about Kili's death more. It's literally dumber than having zero female characters (which the original did mostly fine).

Oh, and of course in the actual timeline Azog was long dead, but I guess they needed an antagonist that wasn't Bolg? Completely made-up backstory to make the antagonist more "personal" but of course all it does is continue to make "The Hobbit" less about the hobbit.

I'm ranting now, so I'm going to cut myself off with the following remark: The Hobbit Trilogy is a travesty and a failure, not just as an adaptation but as movies altogether. The movies are little more than a few over-the-top silly action sequences tied together by a plot that manages to both be extremely slow and bloated as all hell. It insults the source material by removing all charm and shunting the main character to the side, and yet fails to develop any of the many extra characters it adds. I award it no points, and may God have mercy on its soul.
The movies are sort of stretched...like butter scraped over too much bread.

But seriously, the film makers failed by trying to make another trilogy like TLotR. Important scenes were left out and completely unnecessary scenes were added. They messed with interesting characters and just spoiled the beautiful images Tolkien created (for instance Legolas, who just acted completely out of character in the Hobbit movies). 
Warning: Rant incoming

It expanded one book, about half the length of Fellowship alone, into a full trilogy. This means that the films, especially 2 & 3, are more filler than canon. Notice how you could remove the scenes with Tauriel in them and it wouldn't make a difference? Not a coincidence. [Pointless chase scenes? Of course!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_sVrg1pGX0). Remember when Smaug fell for the "Hey, look over here" trick multiple times like a Scooby Doo villain?

LotR was highly praised for its incredible use of costumes and practical effects, whereas the Hobbit did pretty much everything it could digitally. One example is LotR using [an entirely new way of filming forced perspective](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QWMFpxkGO_s) while the Hobbit was [a giant greenscreen](http://66.media.tumblr.com/fd55733dbac7c4edb8aa2d63d2a4064f/tumblr_no24xlYbiL1roqv59o1_500.png) when filming tall people with short people. Another example is how Azog, the main antagonist, clearly looks more fake than generic orcs in the background of LotR. Let's not forget the copy/paste elven army in BoFA

There are also some hilariously corny looking fight scenes, like Bombour during Barrels out of Bond or the bridge collapse in Goblin Town. Same with the slow mo shot of elves jumping over the dwarven shield wall: A horrible tactical move and a cheesy shot, all in one!

Then there's that little bastard working for the master of Lake Town. I seriously can't believe they gave so much time to such a worthless character, even worse than Jar Jar Binks...

There's plenty more, but the main point is that they gave little regard to the source material, and often came up with ridiculous filler just so they could cash in on 3 mediocre movies instead of one or two decent ones.
In the LOTR films they had to cut a lot out from the books in order to make them coherent.
When I first heard about how they were going to stretch out the Hobbit films I was optimistic, they could've used this as a chance to include some of the world building and characters that had to be cut out of the LOTR films. Unfortunately the extra time was taken up by pointless filler, drawn out CGI battle scenes, and references to the LOTR trilogy. Which is annoying because there's a lot of great moments in the Hobbit trilogy which show how good it could've been if they made only 1 or 2 movies instead.
The orcs are too big.

Odd thing to pick out I know.  But I'm sick of everyone jumping on the Warhammer orc bandwagon.  Y'know they later made Uruk-Hai for a reason!

Also - everything that Willie9 said :)
This is awesome!! I've been envisioning something similar for our announcement.
That child is going to have a great adventure

Awesome, Congratulations! :D
Congratulations, OP! 

You should totally post this in /r/pics 
One of my best memories as a child was being read The Hobbit and LOTR out loud by my dad, with voices.  
This is so cute. Many congratulations to you and your wife!
congrats :) Where can I buy the picture would like to get one for my older sister who is due in December :) 
That outfit is so cringe worthy. Anyone who describes themselves are nerds as some sort of proclamation is basically just code for "I'm a loser and didn't have a social life."
Congrats! This is epic.
That's amazing. He/she will be such a little champ in that outfit. Congrats!
Thank you for the kind words! It is both terrifying and extremely exciting!
Someone please link that really long gif of Martin repeatedly flipping off the camera during filming 
Is that his thing?
As far as I'm concerned, the whole trilogy is one big middle finger
nice - reminds me of this: http://i.imgur.com/F9aXPRY.png
Well. Color me impressed.
every time i see the vids of martin freeman flipping off the camera on the behind the scenes footage, he seems genuinely frustrated to me. like he knows that his experience in filming the hobbit is not the magical, once-in-a-lifetime journey LOTR was, just as the hobbit trilogy pales in comparison to the LOTR trilogy (to say the least). kinda bums me out. 
what the fock is everyone talking about?

No! In the Appendices it says that During VII (the Last) re-colonised Moria before the Dwarves died out, so the Dwarves were at least crafty enough to go back into Khazad-dûm, despite the entrances on both sides being compromised. And don't forget: it was Gandalf that killed the Balrog, which was the main deterrent for the Dwarves. In the Appendices bit about Durin's Folk it's hinted at that the Balrog is what stops them from taking back Moria. Thráin son of Thrór says he wants to retake Moria, but Dáin Ironfoot looked into Moria and he said it wasn't the time (the Balrog?). I don't have my book with Appendices here, but I feel that Gandalf killing the Balrog was a pivotal event for Moria.
The dam on the west side could be removed. The Watcher gotten rid of, and the door cleared (although possibly never repaired to have the old functionality). *The Fellowship* couldn't turn back as they had no means of clearing the door at the time, but the entrance isn't lost forever.

The Bridge is a tougher situation assuming that it's defended at all, but if it isn't it's likewise not impossible to get a temporary bridge in place.
There are probably other ways of getting in and out of Moria. Secret ways...
Dwarves are pretty good at digging, I'm sure they could get back in
Weren't there Moria orcs in the group that captured Merry and Pippin? How did they get out with the Bridge destroyed?
Tolkien talks about this (Gollum's possible redemption) at length in Letter 246. In it he discusses Frodo's 'failure', and how Sam's pity for Gollum came too late for Gollum. Otherwise a redeemed Gollum might have taken the Ring and cast himself into the fire with it, as he knew he couldn't keep it and he couldn't live without, and as a sacrifice for Frodo. I'll see if I can find some actual quotes (it is a lengthy bit).

Edit:

Letter 246 starts with a few paragraphs about Frodo's 'failure', as in he failed to cast the Ring into the fire, but then it goes on to explain that it was not a *moral* failure on Frodo's part. Then it goes on about Mercy, Frodo's friendship Gandalf, and some stuff about Bilbo. Then the Letter gets to Sam (and Gollum!):


> Sam was cocksure, and deep down a little conceited; but his conceit had been transformed by his devotion to Frodo. He did not think of himself as heroic or even brave - except in his service and loyalty to his master. That had an ingredient (probably inevitable) of pride and possessiveness: it is difficult to exclude it from the devotion of those who perform such service. In any case it prevented him from fully understand the master that he loved, and from following him in his gradual education to the nobility of service to the unlovable and of perception of damaged good in the corrupt. He clearly did not understand Frodo's motives or distress in the incident of the Forbidden Pool. If he had understood better what was going on between Frodo and Gollum, things might have turned out differently in the end. For me perhaps the most tragic moment in the Tale comes in II 323 ff. when Sam fails to note the complete change in Gollum's tone and aspect. 'Nothing, nothing' said Gollum softly. 'Nice master!' His repentance is blighted and all Frodo's pity is (in a sense) wasted. Shelob's lair become inevitable.

> This is due of course to 'the logic of the story'. Sam could hardly have acted differently. (He did reach the point of pity at last (III 221-222) but for the good of Gollum too late.) If he had, what could then have happened? The course of the entry into Mordor and the struggle to reach Mount Doom would have been different, and so would the ending. The interest would have shifted to Gollum, I think, and the battle that would have gone on between his repentence and his new love on one side and the Ring. Though the love would have strengthened daily it could not have wrested the mastery from the Ring. I think that in some queer twisted and pitiable way Gollum would have tried (not maybe with conscious design) to satisfy both. Certainly at some point not long before the end he would have stolen the Ring or taken it by violence (as he does in the actual Tale). But 'possession'satisfied, I think he would then have sacrificed himself for Frodo's sake and have *voluntarily* cast himself into the fiery abyss.

> I think that an affect of his partial regeneration by love would have been a clearer vision when he claimed the Ring. He would have perceived the evil of Sauron, and suddenly realised that he could not use the Ring and had not the strength or stature to keep it in Sauron's despite: the only way to keep it and hurt Sauron was to destroy it and himself together - and in a flash he may have seen that this would also be the greatest service to Frodo. Frodo in the tale actually takes the Ring and claims it, and certainly he too would have had a clear vision - but he was not given any time: he was immediately attacked by Gollum. When Sauron was aware of the seizure of the Ring, his only hope was in its power: that the claimant would be unable to relinquish it until Sauron had time to deal with him. Frodo too would then probably, if not attacked, have had to take the same way: cast himself with the Ring into the abyss.

The Letter then goes on about how the Ringwraiths were sent to Mount Doom, and that it was different from Weathertop in that Frodo had now claimed the Ring: there are some ambiguous statements that the Ringwraiths might now be unable to take the Ring from Frodo. It goes on with how the Ringwraiths would try to lure him outside of the Sammath Naur, and then destroy the entrance, making Sauron's victory certain. After that it says that no 'mortals' could withhold the Ring from Sauron in his presence.

And after that comes the sort of famous quote about how Sauron had a body (in case people didn't get that from reading LotR). Letter 246 is incredibly interesting.

Edit2: I realised I didn't answer your bonus question with *my* thoughts on a good Gollum, but I think the Professor's are more probably more interesting anyway :)
Appendix B says that Gollum "nearly repents" when he sees Frodo sleeping. Who knows how close he was to redemption?

I always agreed with Gandalf's remark, about there being "little hope for that for him now, yet not no hope". That scene with Sam, losing his temper like that and jumping to what might very well have been the wrong conclusion, annoyed me when I first read the book as a 13 yr old, and annoys me, if I think of it, even more now, as a middle-aged man. And yet, it's entirely understandable, of course, why Sam would automatically think what he did... To me, it's a profoundly sad thing, that what appears to have been Gollum's last chance at redemption slipped so easily through his fingers, rather like the ring itself. Before he really could even grasp what could occur, the moment simply vanished. The idea that if he had undergone redemption, and would afterwards have perhaps been willing to leap into the fire of his own will, isn't one that's ever crossed my mind. That's quite an interesting thought, and I applaud your being able to reach it. It really makes for quite a conundrum, being that Gollum was closely related to hobbits, who we know were able to resist the will of the ring better than the other races, whether or not he would have just barely been able to do so. I have to admit, I'm afraid to voice my own opinion as to the answer to that question...
Have you read *The Hobbit* and *Lord of the Rings*?

If so, yes.

If not, I'd recommend reading those before diving into *The Silmarillion*.
Pretty much everyone has one of two opinions on the Silmarillion: A grand masterpiece that adds great depth to the mythos of Middle Earth, or a meandering grind without much of a point.

Despite reading the 4 primary Tolkien novels well over a dozen times, I've only read the Silmarillion once (and probably won't try again). To me it was tiring to read, without much connecting some of the stories and lacking a lot of the context that was really necessary for them to be interesting. If you're annoyed by all the parts in LotR where it references things that aren't explained, you probably won't like the Silmarillion (even though it actually explains a fair number of those things).

This sub is naturally very oriented to diehard fans so you'll mostly hear that it's a must-read, but to most of the casual Tolkien fans out there it's a bit much.

Then again, don't take my word for it. If you want to learn more of the LotR mythos and don't want to just read the wiki, the Silmarillion is the place to do it
Two suggestions of reading orders for a better understanding of Tolkien's books follows.

If you are reading it just for fun and looking for some essential and "superficial" understanding, you should follow the "basic" order as follows:

1. The Hobbit
2. The Lord of the Rings
3. The Silmarillion
4. The Children of Húrin

This order regards also book's complexity of reading, being 1 the easiest and 4 the hardest ones.

In a chronological order, you should consider reading:

1. The Silmarillion
2. The Children of Húrin
3. The Hobbit
4. The Lord of the Rings
5. Unfinished Tales

There are also intermediate, advanced and expert orders of reading (I can post those later if you or somebody want to).
Definitely.  It's more of a narrative but it's a great read, imo.  Very interesting works
It can be a bear to get through, but if you do, re-reading the LOTR is way more enjoyable because you'll have a much deeper understanding of the history and cultures of Middle Earth. 
Perhaps if you're into it. I like it so I'd give the thumbs up. However, there seem to be many people who either don't like it (reads like the Bible, is dense, etc), or who force themselves to read it because it's Tolkien. I don't have any numbers, but it seems a majority of people are not "really" into it. It's good stuff if you ask me.
I would say, yes, most definitely. But I'd also advise that you read it, at least to begin with, rather more slowly than you might be used to reading. The style takes a little time (for most people, though you may be different) to adjust to. And, as with all books, try your best to really visualize what you're reading while you're reading it. I've found that helps a lot in bringing to the fore the powerful grandeur of the story. Even, due to its greater complexity, if you have to do a little backtracking, I think you'll find it was worth it, though I get that breaking up the flow like that can get discouraging. But try to push past all that. In the end, I feel pretty confident you'll know you've experienced something quite special, a literary labor of love that hasn't often been seen in the modern age, or probably any other, either. 

Good luck!
Absolutely. However, it's best to approach reading it with a more academic mindset, as if you're studying the material for a class you're really wanting to ace. It's not a book to be read lightly for mere entertainment. 
Yes! It opens a completely different view on the other books of Tolkien. And since he worked so hard on the Silmarillion, i think it's definitely worth a try.
I really loved the creation myth - I mean, a world made out of music, that is just beautiful. 
The Silmarillion is basically, and reads like, the Bible of the LotR universe. I would suggest reading it, but be prepared for something different than LotR and The Hobbit.
Disclaimer : Silmarillion is not fun. If that is why you want to read it, I would advise against it. I read it after I had read Hobbit and LotR thrice because I wanted to better understand Tolkien's legendarium. I had read a lot about Turin, Huor, Fingolfin and others and just couldn't resist. 

However the book is frustrating. It's many times denser than the average fantasy work. You'll have to keep going back to understand what's going on, routinely turning to the internet to help you through it. 

That being said, it should be read by anyone Tolki-ent. 
I read the Silmarillion before LOTR, and enjoyed it more than the three books.

It is basically a very brief history of Arda up until the point of Sauron creating the Rings.
Nice! I like it, it would make a good tattoo!
Rad as hell
Looks amazing, I'd love to see a nod to the gap in his scales on his chest though.
Couldn't get it to open on mobile. Got a direct link?
Smaug Selfie!
Those wings are practically an extra set of arms.  Dragons are too op.  In all seriousness though, I like that about Tolkien's dragons.  They are not to be trifled with.  
Very nice bro! Definitely gave me the Smaug feel. The whole sneaky grin and all.

Little note:
If my memory serves me right I thought Smaug only had back legs and the wings are also its arms. 

Fun fact:
Actually if you watch the hobbit movie in the first versions that came out they gave Smaug 4 legs and wings when he busted through the doors of Erebor in movie 1. In the later movies they gave him only back legs so there was a discrepancy there which is corrected on the DVDs if I'm correct. 
Thoughts? At first glance it looked like your title read, "Smaug fart". 
Very Art Nouveau, I like it!
This is such a good drawing. Amazing artist!
Awesome! Add "I am king under the mountain".
Thoughts? My only criticism is that vertebrates (including dragons) usually only have four limbs, not six.
If you're a reading person - read the Hobbit then LotR. I recommend this. 

If you aren't a reader, then just read the Hobbit and then watch LotR.

If you hate books, watch LotR then the Hobbit. 
I suggest reading the books first. The reason is that once you watch the movies your imagination will be restricted to what you experienced in the movie and will override your experience of the text. It will not necessarily degrade your reading of the book - but it will change your experience. 

I wish - really wish - I could read the books again for the first time like I did when I was 15 - before i had seen the movies. So I envy you a little. 

Peter Jackson truly has done an incredible thing with the movies. A brilliant adaption. However book and film are completely different mediums, and for the sake of having your own pure imaginations, I encourage you to not watch the movie first. 
Read the Hobbit, then Lord of the Rings. Watch Lord of the Rings after, the Hobbit movies are optional. 
The books. *The Lord of the Rings* movies are pretty good, but there's something special about visualizing Middle Earth for yourself first, before seeing someone else's interpretation of it.

The Hobbit movies are garbage, they aren't worth watching at all.
Surprise yourself. I'd just say that they are a bit different which you'll see after having engaged in both. You don't need to do one over the other first, but the books take precedence in the lore.
Lord of the Rings came out in 2001, I was only 13 at the time and my reading skills weren't that great. I also didn't even know they existed until the movie. Thus, I watched LOTR before reading the books. However, I read The Hobbit before those films and was glad I did, it is such an amazing book. Still loved the Hobbit films though, very entertaining.
I watched the movies before I read the books, in fact before I knew anything at all about the franchise. From this cold viewing the movies left me utterly baffled - I was unable to retain character names and identities, to tell the different races apart from each other, etc. I'd say read the books first, then watch the movies as a brilliant illustration of the books.
Honestly it's up to you. I didn't even know about LotR until Fellowship of the Ring came out in theatres. I watched it, loved it, then read the trilogy and The Hobbit before Two Towers came out in theatres. I love both the books and the movies, I like the books slightly more, but the point I'm making is that watching the movie before the books didn't really affect how much I enjoyed LotR as a whole. I don't think the order really matters all that much.
For me, it's like taking a masterpiece oil painting and drawing on it with crayola marker. 
"When you hang from a chim-chim, then we shall pee."
Dont know if this is common knowledge but I just noticed this. I like the attention to detail because obviously they dont need to hide the elven rings since they have lost their power. You can probably see Galadriel's and Elrond's too but there wasn't such a good shot of those. 

Also this sub should allow the reddit images. Its easier to upload straight to reddit instead of imgur.
Nice find! As many times as I've watched it, I'd never noticed it before. 
I'm not sure if I'm the odd one out here, but I think it's kind of unnecessary right now. Peter Jackson did an incredible job bringing lotr to life. The movies might not have captured every little thing, but I think you'd be hard pressed to find someone that could do as good a job as he did. I might just be a fanboy, but those movies are good enough that any attempt bringing the books to film again might fall short of the bar Peter Jackson set. 

That being said, a mini-series for the Hobbit would be pretty cool, cause those movies were really, really terrible. 
I'd like an animation series with the quality of Princess Mononoke and with Turner Mohan and some others as designers.
I think it would be really cool and could have tons of potential, but like u/bummer_pop said, there just isn't the need for it right now. Most people are more than satisfied with Jackson's trilogy, so a mini series this soon after the fact wouldn't draw the attention it would deserve and need. Maybe in another 20 years. 
Maybe not a lotr series.

But a Middle Earth series. For some people LOTR did everything right. Gave a decent summary in line with the books. Others want a little more and the extended cuts are great.

I think a series based in the 2nd age would be great. You wont run into many overlapping characters but still have a similar conflict. You could help create back story to different things such as the dunedain, etc...

Said it before but i think it might be best to animate it. Your dealing with immortals and aging and time commitments are hard to keep good continuation.
Not a miniseries but I think the next thing made would have to be a TV series format which manages to be an almost perfect adaptation with hour long episodes for chapters etc. 

It would be very expensive but I cant see anything else working. A miniseries would be less than six hours. What we'd want is a series the length of something closer to the duration of the audio book while perhaps including several closely related plots from the appendices. 
Not a fan of the books I see.
Wesley can go to hell. He's a fake and he has only contempt for all of us.
Woah, is using dock on stinging nettles not an international thing? I don't know why I assumed it was.. very interesting link though! 
Haha, oh no! I'm so used to stinging nettles I never made the connection that they might look a bit like mint. That's a neat idea. An old wives tales is also that you always find dock leaves growing near nettles, a demonstration that nature provides solutions with its problems.
Athelas is used by steeping it in boiling water, and most of its power is in its fragrance, which smells wholesome and pure and drives away the Black Breath of the Nazgul. Aragorn washes Frodo's wound with the Athelas tea, he doesn't rub the plant on the wound.

I'm just being pedantic. It's certainly possible that dock plant served as an inspiration. Does it smell nice?
Plenty of plants in England have been used for medicinal purposes, crushed or steeped in water. Since mediaeval times, hyssop, comfrey, chamomile, betony and sage have all been used far more than the humble dock leaf. 
I don't know if we're talking about the same plants, but we have stinging nettle in the Pacific Northwest and usually there's a plant called horsetail somewhere nearby that helps a bit. 

The wikipedia article for nettle has a whole list of folk remedies which includes both horsetail and dock.
I feel like I've been inceptioned
Dock is also a great treatment for those pesky Morgul blade wounds
Yes, it effected a great deal of people. It is said, "*the enemies of Gondor also suffered, or they might have overwhelmed it in its weakness*" (Gondor and the Heirs of Anárion).
It did have an impact on Easterlings also, I am not sure whether it spread among the Southrons however. Not sure about Orcs but POSSIBLY.
Orcs are corrupted Elves and Elves are immune to disease/pestilence so I'd assume they were fine. Humans had no such luck I'm sure
No one I hope.  It's such an obvious money grab. 
I have everything that is in the boxset in individual boxsets and I don't understand why this is 2x what all that cost me. That means that you're paying $250 for the outside box. Seems ridiculous.
Absolutely not, this feels like such a slap in the face to anyone who has been a long time fan. I look forward to seeing this hit below $100 in less than a year.
what box set?
He completely ruined the Hobbit for me, but TLOTR is my favourite ever trilogy. I'm sure I read somewhere that he won't be allowed to bring the Silmarillion to the big screen, as Tolkien's family were unimpressed with his Hobbit adaptation.
So I think you're referring to the shot where Frodo looks down the road. It's what I call a push/pull zoom but is also called a dolly zoom or a Hitchcock zoom amost many other names. It involves zooming in on the subject as the camera moves away from the subject (or vice versa) effectively keeping it the same size, proportional to the field of view. You can read all about it on Wikipedia. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dolly_zoom
Hvor er bildet tatt? 
The whole hike was amazing. Incredible scenery. 
Some other pictures from the hike can be found [here](http://imgur.com/a/CLifm).

Edit: put the images into one album instead of two. 

Somehow, I prefer this shot more than the one in the film. 
Kinda looks more like the land of Rohan, to me.
These pictures are magnificent! We're the pictures taken recently? (:
I always thought Norway would have been a more visually interesting place to film lotr. Though it would be a thousand times more expensive probably. 
Vakkert Bildet! Dovrefjell også  (i think that means also) Looks like Middle Earth 
Well I can recommend a website: Stories of Arda. Most of the fics there stay within canon and are pretty good. And there's a lot to choose from. 

And here's the fanfic rec page from TV Tropes:

http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/FanficRecs/TheLordOfTheRings

WARNING: Beware of TV Tropes. You will lose hours of your life there. 
It's really way more complicated than that
Third comment nails it.
No. 

He fought in WW1 and lost many friends, but he was not broken.

I think your general idea (artists are often broken) is not particularly true, also. 
Tolkein fought in WW1 and lost a lot of friends and saw a lot of terrible stuff, and that made him pretty anti-war for the rest of his life, and some of those sentiments can be clearly seen echoing through Arda.  But in the Hemingway/Salinger/Van Gogh sort of broken artist mold he definitely does not fit.  He was an intelligent man with a passion for language and literature who turned that passion into an entire world.
"Not all those who wander are lost."
Tolkien's devout Catholic faith kept him from that, from all I've ever read about it. However, he did admit to bouts of depression in one or two of his letters, iirc. But real despair? No, I can't imagine that... True, the 'Ring' is largely about death, by Tolkien's own admission, and yet look at what happens at the end of it. 
Public domain? Not that i know of.

Try your local library. I get audiobooks out of mine all the time.
I'm personally a big fan of Phil Dragash. He really created a marvellous audiobook on the trilogy. 

http://www.justfourgeeks.com/category/podcasts/lotr/
Any *legal* version? No. Library as Mike says would be your best bet.
There were only approximately 300 of these sets made so I am extremely excited to finally have found one. This is Sindarin Tengwar(aka Elvish) for anyone that does not know.
When is this useful? Don't get me wrong I love lotr and Tolkien is a genius, but... when would this help anyone?
These look fantastic! I saw your post on r/mk yesterday and it inspired me to waste most of today learning Cirth with the hope of getting a cirth key cap set haha. I doubt it would look as good as this Tengwar set though, props on the find mate.
It's a bit hard to make out, but the red key (escape, I presume?) says "pedo mellon a minno", from the inscription of the Doors of Durin, right?
Wow, those are beautiful! Do you mind sharing where you got it? If it was limited edition, do you know who originally made it/if they will ever be releasing more? 
Can you play Minecraft on that?
Automated translations? No.

I like consulting [this site](https://www.elfdict.com/) if I'm looking up word roots and whatnot, but I wouldn't count on that for grammar.

Best *I* can suggest is to ask over at /r/Sindarin.
If we try to find a film explanation, I guess there are two to choose from. 

1) He gets it back after the battle. 

2) It isn't the same axe but a style that is common in the Blue Mountains or Erebor, or both. 
Not that I know of. Sarumans refers to them as 'the rods of the Five Wizards' in his rant against Gandalf, just before Gandalf destroys his staff.
Gandstalf.

(I'm sorry)
A little off topic, but about Gandalfs staff...How does he get it back from Sarumon?
I love it!  Where did you get it?
They are excellent if you're interested in the story of how the whole legendarium took shape but they're not coherent stories by any means. Think of them as collections of drafts and essays that were lying around and Christopher collected and decided to publish. 
Like /u/ToffeeKing said, they are enjoyable for what they are, but they aren't really coherent narratives like LotR or Silm. 

Books 1-5 focus on the earliest forms of Tolkien's legendarium and show the evolution of the stories found in the Silmarillion

Books 6-9 focus on the creation of the Lord of the Rings trilogy

Books 10 and 11 focus more on later versions of the Silmarillion stories.

Book 12 focuses on the creation of the appendices at the end of the LotR trilogy.


Also, if you haven't read Unfinished Tales yet, I highly recommend it. It contains some more detailed accounts of some of the stories from the Silmarillion, as well as various writings about things that aren't really addressed in detail elsewhere.

Makes me want to wander...
Can you buy something like this anywhere? 
This is absolutely amazing. Bravo :)
Very impressed.

Can't work out whether to get the UK, the Europe or the world one
There's Jacksonville but not Atlanta? smh 9/10
Hi, beautiful work.  This is a bit of an awkward request but could you change Ho Chi Minh to Saigon?
Amazing! Do you happen to have a higher resolution of the map? Would look amazing on my wall somewhere.
The number of trees in central Canada is a little off.
I'd love to frame this in my room 
This is fantastic.
Arnhem Land in Aus, damn that's some good detail! 
Amazing mapmaking!
Another top notch piece, keep it up! Do Indiana next!
Mirror?
Love it, except for the missing Chesapeake Bay,
Why are there mountains in the middle of Australia?
yay you mentioned Borneo!
Probably not. 
First of all: Silmarillion. Please don't abuse the name of such a wonderful book. (Lol)

Secondly, please no. What we know about the first two ages (and before that time) has many gaps (of time) and too little narrative. Maybe the Children of Hurin could be made into a movie, but I don't think anyone could really capture the emotion one feels throughout (sp?) the book.
Yes but I'd probably destroy the movie theater afterwards.
Problem with the Silmarillion is that it was not written as a story. It doesnt flow and hops around. JRRT used it mostly as a story board for LOTR. His son really put it together enough to make it sort of readable as a stand alone story. So there is not enough actual JRRT material there, and basically has to be written (which will then obviously make it a non JRRT story).
Look up epic sax guy on youtube. That is the origin of the music from the Gandalf video I believe you are talking about
I didn't see the post you are referring to.  However I know a popular [Gandalf dancing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sagg08DrO5U) video uses a saxophone segment out of [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ECyeUYsU14E).
I think its called Europop gandalf
>Gandalf laughed grimly. 'You see? Already you too, Frodo, cannot easily let it go, nor will to damage it. And I could not "make" you--except by force, which would break your mind.

Moreover, if Elrond had tried to forcibly take the Ring from Isildur, it would have consumed both of them.
This question comes up quite often. If you search for it, there are a number of topics already. Here is one: 

https://www.reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/2x1t8h/why_didnt_elrond_just_push_isildur_into_the_fires/ 
Isildur had a legitimate claim to the ring. Elrond could not have rightfully forced him to do anything with it.

And even Elrond could not have foreseen events *three thousand years* into the future.
Elves have a rule against touching the One Ring. Observe carefully during all the movie scenes where an elf has an opportunity to touch the ring and he or she will shy away from it. Elrond would most likely have to touch the ring in his tussle with Isildur.

Gandalf too does not ever touch the One Ring with his bare hands
Because forcing people to do things is bad. That's part of the moral theory of the entire mythos.
Try getting the Letters of JRR Tolkien out from the library and looking up Ring in the index.
The issue isn't interest, or lack thereof, but rather that the Tolkien Estate holds the rights and will not sell them. It's very likely that any adaptation of *The Silmarillion* will not be possible until it enters the public domain — which is probably at least 75 years away. 
Please god no.
1. Impossible 

2. Enough with the Netflix!
I personally am NOT interested in a live action or animated adaptation of the Silmarillion at all. But it does not matter what I think or what public in general thinks because Christopher Tolkien will never sell the rights and will most certainly pick a person to run Tolkien Estate who agrees with him on this issue.
IMO on of the best aspects of the Silmarillion is that, as you witness the events from the very beggining and how they develop and affect each other, you interpret it in your own way. There's much more interpretation done by the reader than in The Hobbit or The Lord Of The Rings, beacuse there's more content and it's left to more self interpretation. In a TV show, that feeling of interpretation would be lost, and that would take a lot of its magic. This is, of course, my opinion.
It is unlikely to be adapted for both storytelling reasons (very divisive, jam packed story following a bunch of largely self serving arrogant immortals, written as more of a creation myth/historical chronicle than straight forward story, packed with religious symbolism and a very dark, epic tone that would need a massive budget to do things justice and would be unlikely to attract the financing of a studio or the interest of more casual viewers, that's assuming you could even wield the dense story into a script that fans actually liked, there's so little dialogue and character interaction on a personal level any film would be more fan fiction than adaption anyway) and for the legal reasons-assuming what I've read is true it literally won't be made into a film for decades:

According to this article the complaints and concerns of Christopher Tolkien and the Tolkien Estate about the previous films were more complicated than mere issues with the LOTR scripts, legally a Silmarillion film might not even be possible:

http://nerdalicious.com.au/books/why-peter-jackson-will-never-film-the-silmarillion/

> Tolkien has become a monster devoured by his own popularity and absorbed into the absurdity of our time,” said Christopher Tolkien. The chasm between the beauty and seriousness of the work, and what it has become, has overwhelmed me. The commercialization has reduced the aesthetic and philosophical impact of the creation to nothing. There is only one solution for me: to turn my head away.

>They eviscerated the book by making it an action movie for young people aged 15 to 25. And it seems that The Hobbit will be the same kind of film.

>I was in my father’s office at Oxford. He came in and started looking for something with great anxiety. Then I realized in horror that it was The Silmarillion, and I was terrified at the thought that he would discover what I had done 

Christopher Tolkien is co-author of The Silmarillion under copyright law (not sure about the other books which he edited):

>Christopher Tolkien holds the authorial copyright on The Silmarillion, not J.R.R. Tolkien. Harper Collins has confirmed with us that, under current copyright laws, the copyright will therefore not expire until 70 years after Christopher’s death, and not in 2043 when the copyright on the works of J.R.R. Tolkien will expire. (Updated 25/01/14)

(Which might mean he'd be able to put in a clause in his will asking that the rights to The Silmarillion etc are kept in the family, and not sold until his copyright passes into the public domain, I'm not an expert on copyright law, but either way I think it will be a very long time before we see any of the other books be adapted into blockbusters for both legal and monetary reasons).

And like his father before him he is an former Anglo saxon scholar and lecturer at Oxford university, Christopher was also given complete creative control by his father in his will to:

>"publish edit alter rewrite or complete any work of mine
which may be unpublished at my death or to destroy the whole
or any part or parts of any such unpublished works as he
in his absolute discretion may think fit and subject thereto"

>He also (wisely) urges the executors to keep his copyrights in the family if at all possible.

http://sacnoths.blogspot.co.uk/2009/12/tolkiens-will.html

So i.m.o he's simply cautiously protecting his father's literary interests in the way he deems most appropriate, if you look at Tolkien Senior's comments regarding mooted adaptions and drama as art form at large, I think it's fairly likely his viewpoints are in line with his fathers.

http://www.theonering.net/torwp/2013/06/03/72359-what-would-the-professor-have-thought-of-peter-jacksons-version-of-the-lord-of-the-rings/

Interview with Christopher Tolkien: 

http://www.worldcrunch.com/culture-society/my-father-039-s-quot-eviscerated-quot-work-son-of-hobbit-scribe-j.r.r.-tolkien-finally-speaks-out/hobbit-silmarillion-lord-of-rings/c3s10299/


Also this old thread on a Tolkien forum is enlightening, giving an apparent insight into his views on the films, extracts quoted below:

http://forums.theonering.com/viewtopic.php?p=4029495#p4029495

>''CT and the Tolkien Estate/family get nothing whatsoever from video games, soundtracks, merchandise, collectibles, action figures, bobbleheads, Burger King cups etc etc etc. The only rights Tolkien pere retained was to the books themselves, and a certain royalty payment on the films' gross profits* (which apparently doesn't count merchandising). Yes, book sales have increased. 
 
>''To the main point: I am in an awkward position here, because CT has shared with me his opinions of PJ's work (not TH, of course). His criticism is pages and pages long, and not complimentary. At. All. Unfortunately, I simply cannot share any of this material publicly. All I can say in very broad terms is that CT feels that all the themes that to him make the LR important are completely submerged in the movie behind frenetic motion, chases, fights and shrieking choirs (and in one major case, poor casting). But he also has some very cogent things to say about the alteration of characters and the poor rendering of particular scenes stemming from PJ's apparenlty poor understanding of the book; I find HobbitUK's comments a bit amusing because CT actually does know rather a lot about cinema, and his suggestions would have been great improvements on what PJ did. Yes, that's a seeming oxymoron- and the reason underlying the lawsuit

>I think you'll find that matters have already been arranged to forestall that. 

>In any event, no studio would ever, ever, ever give an author final cut, and mean it* (look at the way Disney swindled P L Travers on a similar contract provision over Mary Poppins)- it would be honoured as sincerely as 'profit percentage', i.e. not at all. CT in this is *not* being shortsighted- he's being a realist.

>Besides, I think you fail to understand the position taken by CT: that no adequate film adaptation of the LR (much less the Silmarillion) could be made, and that's not an issue of battles and monsters vs. technology; it simply doesn't translate its essence to film well at all, or at least not a film which could remotely hope for sufficient boxoffice to cover its costs- and Hollywood very much cares about Cash over Art. No studio is ever going to make a Tolkien movie as a money-losing labour of love. 

>All you're really arguing, near as I can tell, is that CT should just surrender to the commercial pimping and sell out like Audrey Seuss, on the grounds he and the family can't resist forever. Well, maybe that will in future decades prove to be the case but that does not mean one shouldn't nonetheless "fight the long defeat." 

>*And that point is, explicitly, CT's opinion

>Christopher doesn't care whether book sales increase. He really doesn't. He would rather accept The Silmarillion going out of print than see it kept afloat on the back of movies like PJ's (yes, he said so)''

It is worth noting the Tolkien Estate are currently engaged in an ongoing lawsuit with Warner Brothers, so they are very unlikely to want to do business with that particular studio again:

http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/thr-esq/warner-bros-can-sue-tolkien-835296

I came across this in a AUJ review, it best sums up my thoughts:

>I think adapting any portion of The Silmarillion would be substantially more complicated–and controversial–than adapting The Hobbit was. The Biblical tone of much of the work is likely untranslatable to film, as is the sense of narrative remove and the vast swaths of time involved. I think an adaptation of The Silmarillion that is true to the superlative creative core of that specific text, while also in keeping with Tolkien’s broader vision of Middle Earth, would probably look something like Terrence Malick’s The Tree of Life (2011)–in other words, it would require experimental shooting and narrative techniques and would be panned by most of those inclined to enjoy Hollywood’s present, big-budget take on the epic. So much of what seems dry and factual on the page would need to be presented as ethereal and impressionistic on the silver screen, and I don’t think Tolkien fans would have the patience for it. 

>To the extent the stories of The Silmarillion are, in situ, a mythological haze that hangs invisibly over Middle Earth–reified in song and statue, yes, but never touched, in their essence, except in the waking and sleeping visions of individual dwarves, elves, goblins, orcs, wizards, and men–you wouldn’t want to falsely crystallize them into what could easily look like a Middle Earth documentary. Shall we tell the story of the Founding of the World as though it were the Battle of the Pelennor Fields? Reimagine Valinor using a simply more sumptuous version of the existing Rivendell set? Can we speak of the beings in The Silmarillion, let alone portray them in film, as just grander versions of the Heroes of the Fellowship? No; if you’re going to cast a film almost entirely with gods, godlike creatures, and legendary personae, you have to employ a visual style that establishes these entities and the events they produce and move through as being somehow beyond our immediate understanding. Jackson would likely not be the appropriate director for such a work, as too many expectations incongruous with such an adaptation already attach, even now, to his projects. We would need, instead, a director, and a screenwriter, with whom our expectations would run much closer to what we’d call an “art house film.” 

>So I guess I’d say that, failing those prerequisites being met, I don’t think I’d want to see The Silmarillion adapted at all. And so I can’t predict which stories from the book I’d most want to see adapted, as the style of adaptation I’d consider most appropriate would constitute an artistic vision well beyond (at least in cinematic terms) my present understanding or my ability to anticipate. 




No thanks.  I'm perfectly satisfied with just reading.
I'm not an expert, but I'd second the recommendation for Children of Hurin. The book is very good, and it's not as hard a read as some of Tolkien's other works.
Don't read UT or HoME until you've finished reading *The Silmarillion* (preferably more than once). 
Kullervo?
Check out the side bar for a list:

https://www.reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/151jct/recommended_reading_for_tolkien_fans/
http://tolkiengateway.net/wiki/Index:Writings_by_J.R.R._Tolkien
I would recommend reading the Children of Hurin next, then the Unfinished Tales. 
Hi every one! my scene is finished! I’m really happy to be part of this contest "Lights,Camera,Immersion!" from Sketchfab. and I have made a scene from my favourite movie is The Lord of the Rings. For this contest I prepared one of the most epic and famous scene therefore my final entry is called "The bridge of Khazad'dum" and here I represent the epic battle of Gandalf against the Balrog of Moria. I have worked with a lot of effort on this scene, I hope you like this :)
Please check, comment and share it! Thank you!
https://skfb.ly/Tt8v
ArtStation:https://www.artstation.com/artist/camiloaldana
CG+: https://camiloaldana.cgplus.com/
that is so cool
This is amazing! great work
Great job!
Where is all the fire and shadow that is a large part of a Balrogs essence?
I love this! Awesome scene! 

That Balrog is fantastic, and wonderfully detailed. Top notch stuff, you should be proud. 
I see that your books are in Turkish which makes it difficult. I assume she reads English too, though?

If so (or even if not), you could go much more subtle.  As a Tolkien fan, I have always coveted [this edition](https://www.amazon.com/Hobbit-Deluxe-Pocket-J-R-R-Tolkien/dp/0544045521) of *The Hobbit*.  It's just so nicely and minimally designed... tiny, leatherbound, gilt page edges... it's *gorgeous* just as an object.  A simple little gift which is also total class.  I wish they'd do the LoTR and Silmarillion like this.
She might like The Letters of J.R.R Tolkien, it's a interesting book that gives a lot of insight on Tolkien's thought process while he was writing lotr and the Hobbit. Also answers some lore that isn't covered in the books. 
Don't even get him started on the Hobbit then.

"Hey Bilbo, meet my 13 cousins, you're going to break in to their old crib and snatch their stash for them from the big monster who is guarding it.  Oh and I'll only be going about halfway..."
50 pounds of cocaine as your necklace. Not easy. If you snort it, the cartels and FARC will immediately know your location. The smell of it tempts you too.
What tripe.  
It's not said by anyone in the book, but the quote is there. It's *thought* by Sam.

>It was Sam's first view of a battle of Men against Men, and he did not like it much. He was glad that he could not see the dead face. He wondered what the man's name was and where he came from; and if he was really evil of heart, or what lies or threats had led him on the long march from his home; and if he would not really rather have stayed there in peace-all in a flash of thought which was quickly driven from his mind.

The sentiment was moved into a bit of dialogue for Faramir in the movie, since it is rather hard to express an internal monologue in Film.
Love the realism that war has psychologically. The enemy Men aren't dehumanized. They were killed because they also had the same mindset as the killer: "if I don't kill him, he will kill me."
That's a massive audience. It would be nice if the screen was larger.
How was it? is the orchestra good?
I was there to see the Fellowship!
We'll be travelling around Europe to see all three (Florence in January and Germany somewhere in Spring) - great way to enjoy the movies again :)
Saw The Return Of The King yesterday.

That was awesome, if you have the opportunity to go to such a show go for it, worth every penny.
The Hobbit was released in 1937. The first part of the Lord of the Rings was released in 1954, the last part in 1955.
Dude honestly just google it.
[Sigh](http://lmgtfy.com/?q=the+hobbit+book+release+date)
It was published in three volumes in 1954 and 1955
>In rode the Lord of the Nazgûl. A great black shape against the fires beyond he loomed up, grown to a vast menace of despair. In rode the Lord of the Nazgûl, under the archway that no enemy ever yet had passed, and all fled before his face.

>All save one. There waiting, silent and still in the space before the Gate, sat Gandalf upon Shadowfax: Shadowfax who alone among the free horses of the earth endured the terror, unmoving, steadfast as a graven image in Rath Dínen.

>"You cannot enter here," said Gandalf, and the huge shadow halted. "Go back to the abyss prepared for you! Go back! Fall into the nothingness that awaits you and your Master. Go!"

>The Black Rider flung back his hood, and behold! he had a kingly crown; and yet upon no head visible was it set. The red fires shone between it and the mantled shoulders vast and dark. From a mouth unseen there came a deadly laughter.

>"Old fool!" he said. "Old fool! This is my hour. Do you not know Death when you see it? Die now and curse in vain!" And with that he lifted high his sword and flames ran down the blade.

>And in that very moment, away behind in some courtyard of the city, a cock crowed. Shrill and clear he crowed, recking nothing of war nor of wizardry, welcoming only the morning that in the sky far above the shadows of death was coming with the dawn.

>And as if in answer there came from far away another note. Horns, horns, horns, in dark Mindolluin's sides they dimly echoed. Great horns of the north wildly blowing. 

>Rohan had come at last.
Just started a reread a few days ago, and so far my favorite has been "Go not to Elves for counsel, for they will say both 'No' and 'Yes.'"
"If by my life or death I can protect you, I will" ~ Aragorn 
"Authority is not given to you, steward of Gondor, to order the hour of your death, and only the heathen kings, under the domination of the Dark Power, did thus, slaying themselves in pride and despair, murdering their kin to ease their own death." -Gandalf
"So do all who live to see such times, but that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us." 
"A wizard is never late Mr.Baggins, Nor is he early. He Arrives precisely when he means to." -Gandalf in Fellowship of the ring (film) 
These scenes actually just make me angry now. Seeing the intro of the fellowship fight on mount doom (one of my favorite scenes of all time) and then over 10 years later releasing something so much worse? It truly makes me sad and further proves great cg scenes are not due to the advance of technology, but made by a great vision.
I loved Part I & II of the Hobbit Series, but this one... ugh. Just felt lazy. There is a scene where a troll dives through the wall, and they use the EXACT same animation twice. Felt rushed and lazy.
Hollywood ruined The Hobbit. There was no reason why this should have dragged into 3 movies. The Lord of the rings trilogy felt like it did the book justice, but certainly not the hobbit.
Begun, the Clone War has.
I've watched Battle of the Five Armies once and refuse to watch it again. Having 2.5 hours worth of action sequences loosely strung together and calling it a plot is a discrace to Lotr. The overdone CGI made it worse.
Well, that's why The Hobbit is not as good as LOTR. Too much CGI. I want the old orcs back !

Let's take a look at this  [scene_1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IW10UJB2nNY), [scene_2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkElUE8c_ng). Just look how perfect it is. I don't think there's CGI in there. That's why I love the orcs, uruks from LOTR.

Even this [orc](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=feEAlrLCX-I)(the "guy" who yells : INSPECTION !") was better than Azog. 
Don't remind me how terrible these films were. The amount of CGI is disgusting.
Ah yes, an elf master named sifo Dyas put in an order for a clone army many years ago. 
I remember being incredibly impressed with the Mines of Moria scene in LOTR when the fellowship is swarmed by orcs, and there's so much attention to detail for every single one of the orcs like [this guy here](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/f2/d7/18/f2d718d7b1955796eac118c12e4c440c.jpg). Even the Riders of Rohan were impressive as hell. They're almost all women with fake beards on duplicated in a very unnoticeable way. The eye candy was the beautiful of New Zealand which gave off a "this is a real place" vibe that made you feel immersed... not 48fps and 3d... 

This, when I saw this scene I didn't get even the tiniest chill. The battles had no impact for me... they felt like I was watching a World of Warcraft Expansion Pack trailer. 
They also copy/pasted the mud splatter on the [Dwarves Shield Wall](http://i.imgur.com/CTDRQiu.jpg). These things are easy to see when pausing a movie and looking for flaws- but the Hobbit movies were so CGI saturated that it almost felt like you're watching animation. I get that shortcuts are made for budgetary reasons with such huge projects- but these shortcuts were noticeable. I'm glad I got to see Smaug in action conversing with Bilbo, but I take away next to nothing else from The Hobbit trilogy.

The CGI for Helms Deep was aided by it taking place at night and during the rain, but the cuts to real actors kept the immersion and added to it- as it did for the other LOTR movies. I also think we've gotten spoiled by special effects in the last 15 years where large battle sequences don't wow us the same as they used to. 

It's probably not an original thought- but I liken LOTR & The Hobbit to the original Star Wars Trilogy & the Prequels. The originals are beloved, with great characters, concise story, humor, action etc. The prequels/sequels are flashier than they need to be, too dependent on new CGI, the writing is worse, story is bloated, less developed characters. 
ctrl+c, ctrl+v
New expansion pack is going to bring different elf faces and some more new side quests. It's probably gonna fix the bug where a shitty character called Alfrid keeps getting in the way too.
The Hobbit trilogy is like Jeb Bush's presidential campaign. Every scene of conflict is so boring because you know none of the characters will die after atleast one didn't in the first movie. How long did it take for Boromir to die? 29 minutes after leaving Rivendell? Maybe if they killed Fili and Kili in the first movie at the end we could have felt some sense of danger from the action scenes.
Just really poor. Even more painful that PJ proved with LOTR that he can do these scenes so beautifully with far inferior CGI capabilities.
I enjoyed this film, didn't know there was such a dislike for it. 
I fucking hate the Hobbit movies...
The way I mesh the different look in the hobbit compared to LOTR is they are different in universe authors. Tolkien used a framinfg device that he was translating the Red Book for novels so that's how I rationalisr the differences in style and tone.

Bilbo uses a different approach he is more Of a Novelist than Frod who writrs more Like a historian.

This is why he orcs in LOTR and the Hobbit are different  why the fightinhg in LOTR is more realistic etc. Bilbo embellishes more.

Its similar To the film and comic 300 Compared to the 1960's movie 300 spartans that inspires Frank Miller to write the comic. 300 is David Wenhams character recounting the battle to people not who were not there and he is as Leonidas said a gifted storyteller. So in his version the soldiers of the Persian Empire are more monster than human(I mean come on the persian executioner is a morbibly obese man with blades instead of arms).  They spartans are perfect examples of human musclutar and are supernatural indivdual fighters as well as great at fighting in the phalanx.

Meanwhile the 1960's movie is one of the most historically accurate epic movies ever made. The Spartans wear full hoplite panolpy, fight in the correct manner. The persians army is just men and they also are using the correct weapons, armor, and equipment(chariots, bows, wicker shields). the fact that the spartans were not alone on the last day is shown. The only really made up thing in the 1960's film is he romantic subplot between the one of the men and the kings niece.

Still the hobbit movies are weaker due to lack of prep because of Del Toro leaving, There is also still a lot of Del Toro in the films especial Unexpected journey. The goblins of Goblin town are diffently more a Del Toro design aestethic.
The problem with the Hobbit films is that the studio didn't seem to care about making these films a labor of love and instead made them all about the bottom line and cranking them out when they wanted them. The studio butchered a shorter novel by splitting it into 3 films (adding in some fan fiction for filler) so they could sell 6 different home release versions for the films between theatrical and extended cuts. It's really shameful. A fantastic single film could have been made that was a true ode to the fans of the LOTR trilogy with a 4 hour+ extended cut later on. Sadly we will never see such a film. I hate reboots, but I would gladly welcome a live action Hobbit done right. 

LOTR films despite being made over a decade before the first Hobbit film just look so much better. In LOTR CGI was used appropriately, adding on to things that already had substance. In the Hobbit, the CGI WAS the substance. Perfect example is the difference between Lurtz and Azog. Lurtz was a real person in makeup, Azog looked like a video game character and I cringed every time he came on screen. 
Why are the Forest Elves so much shorter than the Human??? I thought they were about the same height?
CTRL + C, CTRL + V
The CGI dwarf army and Dwarf king (I forget his name) made me want to cry
I never understood the Attack Moose.
You say all elves look the sam to you? That´s racist!
Are you saying all Elves look alike? #Racist
On loan from a galaxy far far away.
The magic of the first 3 movies was created due to the fact that they were pretty low budget considering the scale of the project. This meant that a lot of the extras were and a lot work put into the movies was done by volunteers. Meaning it was created by a lot of people who just did it out of sheer love for the story. Plus the original cast were all up and comers, still hungry for success. In the original movies a lot of the action shown own screen contained only real people plus a good portion of the special effects was hand made with passion

I don't think there will ever be any fanstasy movie even remotely  as good as any of the original LotR movies. Yes I know there have been others before, but you guys know which I mean.

Imo almost everything that the first trilogy did right, the second one did wrong.
It's shitty but the movies made a ton of money. I'm sure plenty of people working on the project protested when they saw how bloated and shitty the trilogy was going to be, but three movies makes a lot more money than one or two.


I still have no idea why they went full Attack of the Clones for that movie.
I find it hilarious they're trying to sell the Hobbit bundled up with LOTR as if they belong on the same shelf.
So disappointing.
ctrl + c

ctrl + v
Does anyone remember ordering a clone army?
The Hobbit trilogy was a mistake
The Tolkien edit is the only way to watch this mess of a trilogy. 

Gandalf, Galadriel, and Elrond vs Sauron was pretty epic though
You might not have noticed, but your brain did.
I just wish somebody official would edit everything together to a tight and decent Hobbit movie. Most of the parts are there.
This is a perfect example of a company seeing dollar signs in a product and trying to exploit it.  Had they show the care, attention to detail, and time that they did in the first series. . . we would have all been better off and it may have even ushered in a NEWER generation of Tolkien fans.  But no, they took the cheap road.  So much of this hurt my heart.
And an army of sass.
This can't be what it actually looks like in the finished version of the movie right? Not just the clones but even the two main characters in the shot look awful.
What makes me frustrated is that the Elves were actually getting their ass kicked. These soldiers with hundreds or thousands of combat experience were getting smashed by the balista and some armed goat calvary. The Dwarves have far less experience than most of the Elves. 

PJ probably made it this way to sympathize with the Dwarves, considering how the main cast were mainly Dwarf characters. 

Realistically, the Elves should've stopped the calvary at ease. If a thousand years of experience doesn't help, I don't know what does.
His scenes in the first Hobbit were great, as well as his scene with Smaug. 

They are good movies for what they are but I wish they were more resonating. 
Shit quality of the video doesn't help much though.
I loved the LOTR. The Hobbit series needs a redo. Between the crappy CGI stuff (minus Smaug) and the made up romance and the made up plots. 
Getting a headache seeing that this is less than halfway through the 3 hour movie.
Just another example of how shitty these movies are. Fuck you Peter Jackson!!!
Wait why does Bard look so tall here? Thranduil makes sense since he's riding on a moose, is Bard on horseback or is it just a case of poor CGI composition?
ITT: I think the Hobbit movies are bad, DAE have this "unpopular" opinion?!?
[Ian Holm](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000453/) as Frodo and [Bill Nighy](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0631490/?ref_=nv_sr_1) as Sam. Amazing!
If you haven't listened to this adaptation, you really should. Very faithful and very well acted. Sam, Gollum, Gandalf, and Aragorn are particularly memorable. And there's singing and poetry!
The Easterlings, or the Witch-King of Angmar. The helmets of the Tower Guard were alright too (Minas Tirith).
Definitely the Minas Tirith tower guard helmets,  with the seagull wing designs. So cool!
the Witchking's helmet is pretty badass with all the spikes and stuff.

I did think Frodo and Sam's helmets were quite ridiculous I know that they needed something to cover their faces in mordor, but why would they make the helmets with stupid beak like features. 
I like the helmets that the Uruk-Hai wore as depicted in the movies. They look a bit silly, admittedly, and maybe not the *most* practical (excessive mouth exposure, lack of any neck protection), but they suit their hyper-industrialized, brutalist aesthetic quite well. I love Isengard and the Uruks as a whole, and I thought they were well-represented in Jackson's films. Moreso than a few other factions, at least.
The helm game in the movies was on point if we are being honest.. Pretty much every helmet looked fitting. I myself like the Noldor armor/helmet combo as well as the helmets of Isildur. Tower guard was great too.. I think pretty much everybody can agree that they nailed it.. I dislike the Rohan Rohirrim helmets and the Gondor swordsmen ones but thats more because those helmets are your typical everyday helmet.. Nothing too fancy obviously. Theodens helmet is pretty damn rad too...
Best-the tower guards

Worst-Easterlings
Elendils Helm is the best 
The Witchking has the best helmet. And the Elf helmets look cool. Didn't really like the Orc helmets. 
This is an awesome idea. You should post the pictures when you finish. Here are my ideas. I don't think the pieces should mirror each other. I think that you really limit yourself because there are so many great characters to choose from. It could also be a pain in the ass to get the pieces to match. I do however think they should be linked somehow or at least characters of equal "power," so not a wizard and a hobbit for example. Anyway, here are some thoughts/ideas.

Black: 
King: Sauron 
Queen:I think Saruman makes more sense than the Witch King
Bishop: The Witch King is good and maybe pair him with the Mouth of Sauron.
Knight: Ringwraiths, or maybe Shelob and the Balrog. 
Rook: It has to be Barad-Dur and Orthanc. 
Pawns: A combination of 8 different orcs would look good. I also thought about the other 8 Ringwraiths if you didn't use them as knights. 

White:
King: As you said, Aragorn is the obvious choice. 
Queen: Arwen is ok, but I like Galadriel too. 
Bishop: Gandalf makes sense and I would pair him with Elrond. 
Knight: Theoden could be here. Maybe Eomer and Eowyn.  
Rook: I think Treebeard is a great idea and your design sounds awesome, but I don't know who I would pair him with. The only thing I can come up with would be Beorn. The other option is obviously Minas Tirith and Helms Deep which would look great and would probably be my first choice.  
Pawns: I agree that hobbits feel out of place here, so how about a Last Alliance theme with alternating Elves and Men of Gondor, 4 of each? 

Hope this helped a little. 
Sam needs to be a knight on the white side. He deserves it. 
I felt like frodo with the ring ought to be the king. It would be awesome for the black forces to be going after frodo!
Personally I would make all of the good side pawns Rohan Horsemen with King theoden and eomer in the middle, especially because eomer led the cavalry on helms deep and theoden minis tirith. 

On the other side I would make all of the bad guy pawns Ringwraith horsemen (or without horses). Since there are eight ringwraiths + the witch king that make up the Nazgul. Just my idea
I would suggest using Gandalf as queen on the white side to match with Saruman on the black side,  either that or having both the wizards as bishops.  Whatever you do, i really think Gandalf and Saruman should mirror each other.
How about for the black Rook; Shelob at the top of Cirith Ungol or a Balrog at the top of the Endless Stair?

Let's have a look at your carved pieces!
I think for Rooks for the black use the two towers of Barad-dûr and Orthanc! or BALROGS! thatd be bad ass
for the white pawns generic dwarves or elves.
for the black pawns orcs or gollums?
Also what about the ring being the king of the black? 
because ultimately it kinda is... 
Also make sure you post an image when you are finished it sounds cool!
I totally understand why you said Aragorn was an obvious choice for king, because it directly fits into the story, but I just thought it would also make sense thematically for Frodo to be the king. I know it sounds crazy but let me explain: In chess the king is a weak peace itself but your lose the game if he is defeated. This is a very similar situation to Frodo in the LoTR. Additionally, it would open up the option of having Gandalf as the queen as his "protector" (I think it also makes sense for Gandalf to be queen as he is the most powerful character for good).
I think you should use Gimli and Legolas as the white knights since they play such an important role with Aragorn in the movies. Also I like the idea of Gandalf as the queen because he is a powerful wizard and should be able to move in any direction as far as he wants (same with Saruman). The pawns on white should be Theoden and either Eowyn or Eomer in the middle with the riders of Rohan around them. On black the pawns should be an Uruk-hai general and troll in the center with Orc around them. The black rooks need to be Barad Dur and Orthanc and the white rooks could be Minas Tirith and Helms deep. For the white bishops I think Elrond and galadriel would fit.
In summary:
White
King- aragorn
Queen- Gandalf
Bishop- Elrond and galadriel (could swap out for arwen if you want to keep her in)
Knight- Gimli and Legolas
Rook- minas tirith and helms deep
Pawns- Theoden and Eomer or Eowyn and riders of Rohan

Black
King- sauron
Queen- Saruman
Bishop- witch King and mouth of sauron
Knight- Shelob and Balrog
Rook- Barad Dur and Orthanc
Pawns- Uruk-hai general(like ugluk) and a troll in center with orcs around

In the book Gil-Galad and Elendil die in the act of killing Sauron. Isildur cuts  ring from Sauron's hand after he's dead. 
In the books there are two versions of the event, but not with a very detailed description of how exactly Sauron was killed. There is Elrond's account from the Council of Elrond: 

> `I was the herald of Gil-galad and marched with his host. I was at the
Battle of Dagorlad before the Black Gate of Mordor, where we had the mastery:
for the Spear of Gil-galad and the Sword of Elendil, Aiglos and Narsil, none
could withstand. I beheld the last combat on the slopes of Orodruin, where
Gil-galad died, and Elendil fell, and Narsil broke beneath him; but Sauron
himself was overthrown, and Isildur cut the Ring from his hand with the hiltshard
of his father's sword, and took it for his own.

So here it seems that Elendil and Gil-galad killed Sauron, and Isildur later cut off the Ring, probably just the one finger: Gollum says there are four fingers on the black hand (in the book, Sauron is not an eye, but he has a body, it just seems he couldn't regenerate that one finger).

The version in the Silmarillion is slightly different:

> The Ruling Ring passed out of the knowledge even of the Wise in that age; yet it was not unmade. For Isildur
would not surrender it to Elrond and Círdan who stood by. They counselled him to cast it into the fire of Orodruin nigh
at hand, in which it had been forged, so that it should perish, and the power of Sauron be for ever diminished, and he
should remain only as a shadow of malice in the wilderness. But Isildur refused this counsel, saying: 'This I will have
as were-gild for my father's death, and my brother's. Was it not I that dealt the Enemy his death-blow?' And the Ring
that he held seemed to him exceedingly fair to look on; and he would not suffer it to be destroyed.

So here Isildur claims he dealt the death blow. It is possible (and this is just *me speculating*, it is never stated outright) that thatis just an excuse: Gollum murdered his friend and claimed the Ring was his birthday present, and that the matriarch of his hobbit clan possessed many magic rings. Bilbo at first claimed he won it in a game of riddles, and was insistent that he was not a thief. Perhaps Isildur came up with the *'This I will have
as were-gild for my father's death, and my brother's. Was it not I that dealt the Enemy his death-blow?* as an excuse to keep the Ring. This is just my speculation though.

I do think it is fair to say that taking the Ring from (possibly)-dead-Sauron was a blow to him. In earlier events, Sauron died and his disembodied spirit still managed to carry the Ring back to Mordor.

So basically, the way it is depicted in the movie is artistic license, because it is left up to the imagination of the read in the book. But I get the impression that Gil-galad and Elendil managed to kill Sauron or at least knock him out, and Isildur then cuts off the Ring, but Sauron reaching out to Isildur isn't mentioned anywhere.
in the books isildur writes that sauron's hand "burned like fire, and so Gil-Galad was destroyed". So uh... maybe he was trying to cast firaga on him?

The real answer is it's just movies being movies. In the books isildur just walks up and cuts the finger from sauron after pops and gil-galad tag team him.
There is a deleted scene where Sauron reaches towards Gil-galad and simply ignites him.
It looks like Erebor.
Saruman explains things to Gandalf like this (from *The Council of Elrond*):

>“A new Power is rising. Against it the old allies and policies will not avail us at all. There is no hope left in Elves or dying Númenor. This then is one choice before you, before us. We may join with that Power. It would be wise, Gandalf. There is hope that way. Its victory is at hand; and there will be rich reward for those that aided it. As the Power grows, its proved friends will also grow; and the Wise, such as you and I, may with patience come at last to direct its courses, to control it. We can bide our time, we can keep our thoughts in our hearts, deploring maybe evils done by the way, but approving the high and ultimate purpose: Knowledge, Rule, Order; all the things that we have so far striven in vain to accomplish, hindered rather than helped by our weak or idle friends. There need not be, there would not be, any real change in our designs, only in our means.”
I think what Saruman wanted was to flow with the tide. Befriend Sauron and, after victory is achieved and the rings retrieved back, master the council of Sauron, as Sauron did with Ar-Pharazon and bring Rule, Order in a proper fasicst way; with dominion over all free souls of middle earth.
Follow up question: *why* does Sauron want to enslave Middle-Earth? Is it just pleasurable to him to control things?
[removed]
It's mood-setting symbolism: the red star in the South represents Sauron, war, and Mt. Doom.
Oh man that's absolutely beautiful. You're really skilled! I would totally buy one of these. =]
Let me know when you have a shop open. 
sick.
I totally agree with the others. I need one.
Ooooof. Beautiful. Please let us know if these go on sale. 
Please, please sell these! Fantastic work!
Not sure I can link business/website here? The business is Taylormade Leather, you can look it up, pretty straightforward. Will be busy once holiday season gets going, so order early :P  Everything is fully customizable and hand crafted with quality full-grain veg-tan leather. < see what I did there.

So, yes. Absolutely we sell. I am away from the shop myself at university right now, but will be back in somewhat for the holiday rush. Feel free to look up the website and customize your order, and order at your leisure :) 

(The website should be updated soonish with some of my more recent works)

Cheers.
Totally awesome. 

Would buy one, too, if ever you'd sell them! 
have my money. 
I want it, and I want it now!
Take my money right away!
*Throws money at screen*
I collect Tolkien books, and happen to have both of these sets. Personally I prefer the deluxe set, because I think the binding and paper quality is a little higher, but honestly, both of these are great editions. You will enjoy whichever one you decide on.

Also, I've never personally had a problem with the print size. It's slightly smaller than average, but not tremendously so.

As for a "better subreddit", r/Tolkienbooks is intended for exactly this sort of question.
I have a few copies of the 1965 second printing hardcover editions, and I'd recommend those just for the cool factor. You can occasionally find them for under $50 on eBay, and [here's a link for them selling on Amazon.](https://www.amazon.com/gp/offer-listing/B000AQLYG8/ref=sr_1_35_olp?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1476471647&sr=1-35&keywords=lord+of+the+rings)

Alan Lee is one of my favorite Tolkien illustrators, and there is a wonderful single volume LOTR trilogy with his art. [Here is the amazon link, used books starting from around $3.](https://www.amazon.com/Lord-Rings-J-R-R-Tolkien/dp/0395595118/ref=sr_1_3?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1476471587&sr=1-3&keywords=lord+of+the+rings+illustrated&refinements=p_n_feature_browse-bin%3A2656020011) I own this copy and highly recommend it.

The final copy of the LOTR books that I own is [this beautiful single volume that comes in a nice slipcase.](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0395193958/ref=oh_aui_search_detailpage?ie=UTF8&psc=1) These generally run between $30-$100. Excellent edition.

Personally, I'd go with the Alan Lee one for the beautiful illustrations and the low price.
I have the Deluxe Box set! I love it. Feels old fashioned and travel-worthy. They are small though: 
My solution to this problem: buy two sets! 

I've got a beautiful folio edition that sits on the shelf that I pull out to carefully look at sometimes AND a very cheap paperback edition ($2 at the local thrift shop) that I can read while camping/in the bath/lend out to people.  
[This](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0395193958/ref=oh_aui_search_detailpage?ie=UTF8&psc=1) is my favorite copy of the trilogy. My wife got it for me along with a matching volume of the Hobbit. The paper and quality is exquisite. 
I definitely recommend the leather pocket edition set. The text is certainly small but I never had any problem reading it, it's worth it for the durability and portability of this set. Happy reading!
It's great that people are big fans of characters, but when they try to become that character, it's not a good idea.
What did you learn...
I didn't make it, but this imgur post contains quite a lot of information:

http://imgur.com/a/DypSN
I have been on both the day tour of Hobbiton and the night tour and, if you're there on the right day, I highly suggest the night tour! You go on a day tour, have a banquet dinner and then go on a night tour so the price is definitely worth it. The food was fantastic and the night tour went on the party field whereas the standard day tour didn't.

Weta workshop is awesome too! Lots of cool things to buy there so set a limit before you go.

There's hiking tours of Mt Ruapehu/Mt doom/emyn muil. This is seasonal though as it's one of the largest ski fields in NZ in winter. You can also take the ski lift up depending on the weather. I was there in winter so I just did the ski lift from Tongario and that was pretty fun. If you're skiing anyway it's worth it.

The national park that was rivendell is a lovely spot but it is just another NZ forest really. It was only a half hour out of my way though.

It's not a tour thing but when I was there, there was a few huge weta workshop installations at the airports which I went and saw. There was a cool smaug one at Wellington airport.

I haven't been to the south island of NZ so I can't comment there.
Plenty of options for tours. Check out http://www.newzealand.com/int/feature/the-lord-of-the-rings-trilogy-filming-locations/  for filming locations. While you are here make sure you come and visit us in store at Christies http://www.lotrjewelry.com we will shout you a coffee. Always glad to see our overseas fans 
Palmerston North or New Plymouth and Richmond Nelson 
Some believe it's better to rule in Hell than serve in Heaven
You can know the truth, and still be deceived. I think evil resists good bc it thinks it can win. 
Morgoth and Sauron aren't going to Heaven or Hell when they die because death literally isn't a thing for them. Ainur are immortal spirits from the Timeless Halls outside Arda, they're *already* running around doing their thang for eternity. Eru has yet to lock them up anywhere, appears to be cool with it. He can always thwart them at key moments by making a guy trip and fall in a volcano or whatever.

Remember that all things derive from Eru, Morgoth included. When he rebelled and created his clashing Music, Eru could have started again but didn't. He crystallised the Music into Arda, flaws and all, because it was always part of His plan to find beauty all the greater in overcoming evil. You can have no light without darkness.
Well, if you look at christian mythology, Lucifer/Satan/Devil also knows God and how all powerful he is and he still turned his back on him along with other angels.
Why serve in heaven when you can rule on earth? Kinda sums it up to me. 
I'd say some part of Melkor wanted to be Eru. He searched for the means to create as Eru did. He hated anything that did not spring from himself.

Otherwise the lure of control over objects was there for them all to exercise. Sauron did it over the wills of men and Orcs. 

There is no heaven and hell in Arda.
Pretty sure it started as an affront to Eru's lack of willingness to police the world he created. Morgoth was angry, he was lashing out at his "idiot father" essentially. There was no win, there was no rule over Eru. He wanted Eru to intervene.
Ok... long long time ago the Elves awoke in the eastern regions of Middle-earth. They were invited to Blessed Realm, Aman, by angelic beings called Valar (valar is plural, vala is singular). Many of the elves started their journey to West, towards Aman. They had to cross the ocean from Middle-earth to Aman. There they dwelt until Fëanor, a mighty elven craftsman made the Silmarils, three beautiful jewels.

A fallen vala (imagine Lucifer) steals the jewels and escapes to Middle-earth. Fëanor gathers his sons and all elves who want to go to war to retrieve the jewels from fallen vala called Melkor (or Morgoth). They follow him to Middle-earth. Many wars and adventures happen. Few marriages happen between elves and men. 
Finally Morgoth is defeated.

I mentioned marriages. But the prob is that Men are mortal and Elves as immortal. So it happens that if an Elf wants to marry a mortal she must abandon her immortality and choose the fate of Men - Death.

Elrond is a descendant of one of those marriages. He got to choose also and he chose immortality. His children however must make their choice. Had Arwen chosen immortality, she would have gone to the ship and sailed to Aman. But she chose mortality.

And in the books (the ACTUAL story, that is) it was quite clear that Arwen will choose mortality. Elrond seemed to be aware of it and although it hurt him like hell (he had "lost" his twin brother to the fate of Men) he decided to help Aragorn to rise to the throne so that he might wed Arwen.
She and her brethren, like her father, uncle, and grandparents were allowed to choose their Doom. Arwen, like her brothers, and all other half-Elves was mortal. The choice of the three siblings could be delayed until their father left Middle-earth. If they stayed they'd be mortal. If they left with Elrond they'd be immortal, Elves. Arwen is often mistaken for being an Elf, but she never was an Elf. In the end she chose the Doom of Men, to leave the Circles of the World, death.

> to the children of Elrond a choice was also appointed: to pass with him from the circles of the world; or if they remained to become mortal, and die in Middle-earth. [The Númenórean Kings]

> 'That so long as I abide here, she shall live with the youth of the Eldar,' answered Elrond, 'and when I depart, she shall go with me, if she so chooses.'... 'the choice must soon be laid on your children, to part either with you or with Middle-earth.' [The Tale of Aragorn and Arwen]
This is exactly the same tattoo I've wanted for a few years now, and in the exact same spot! Looks great! :)
Sweet tattoo, I was also thinking of getting that one, but decided on a slightly different design for my forearm tattoo. Yours look pretty good though so maybe I chose the wrong one? :p
Looks great! I have two LOTR tattoos one is the Evenstar on the nape of my neck and the other is the quote "Don't go where I can't follow" on my foot 
Beautiful
Nice, bro. I've got a very similar one in the same spot.
That is tight!
No I haven't. I got it years ago and just recently joined Reddit so it never even crossed my mind lol 
That looks amazing! I want my first tattoo to be the Tree of Gondor on my shoulder or something, someday.. someday. Glad it turned out for you!
it looks great !
This is frigging sweet. I've wanted the tree and stars on my bicep, was there a particular graphic you supplied as a reference?
Pretty bare for a christmas tree
Beautiful, and elegant :)
Looks amazing
Very nice! 
Looks great!
Beautiful! love it :)
Looks lovely with the text around. I have just the tree and stars, this looks very minimal and not too bold too. 
I posted a picture from the theater last year, but I just get so excited every year when it comes around that I had to share it again since we got our tickets today. It's a bit pricey ($170) but for 12 hours of theater time, continuous service and seven full meals I think its a great experience. They had great food last time and it seems they are keeping the same menu.

EDIT - Menu picutre: http://i.imgur.com/HEjecaI.png
where do you live?
That sounds amazing.  
Which theater does this?
Oh my goodness! This puts Austin on a list of places I now need to visit. When is the event usually?
I can never have nice things like this :'(
I asked on the Facebook page to the Drafthouse if they were doing the Extended Editions but my comment was drowned in other comments of people tagging their friends. Do you happen to know?
Ahhhh I'm so jealous! Is this in Austin? 
I absolutely love these decorative editions of Tolkien's works. So much class in them. 
I'm sure I should know this, but who is the guy holding his shirt up unnecessarily high?
Dang, Ian and Viggo look so old.
You wouldn't happen to live in South Africa, would you, OP?
Cannot? 
This is just so amazingly beautiful. Are there any other songs from Tolkien that have been sung like this (other than the songs in the Hobbit)
 Anyone else get the short hair on neck and arm standing up from this?
Yes! It's excellent. They've also done a full version of "Far Over the Misty Mountains", and one where they combined that song with this one. It's a shame they've not done a full version of Durin's song though...
That scene in The Hobbit still gives me chills. Its with out a doubt a top 5 moment in any of the films.
Personally, I prefer Collin Rudd's take on the song, but this one is also quite good. I'm on mobile right now, but I'll link Rudd's adaptation when I get back home.

Edit: Here it is, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pISzxdEgDCU
The history of Middle-Earth is really moving. To think that Durin was the first dwarf 

>The world was young, the mountains green,
No stain yet on the Moon was seen,
No words were laid on stream or stone
When Durin woke and walked alone.

It really makes me sad to think about what once was. 

>In Elder Days before the fall
Of mighty kings in Nargothrond
And Gondolin, who now beyond
The Western Seas have passed away:
The world was fair in Durin's Day.
This song is perfect!Honestly after listening, I just want to cry because I remember Eurielle, Fili, and Kili.
Please go post this is r/TolkienMusic too!
Chills.
Yep, this is an awesome arrangement. This group also did a neo-chant in Latin, which is pretty cool.
In my mind's eye, I see the dwarves sitting around a fire, smoking their pipes and singing this for Bilbo. This is wonderful, thanks for sharing. 
Tears actually came to my eyes. Beautiful.
Holy shit this just made me want to re-read everything... It's amazing
There's also Misty Mountain Hop which is a great take on the quest to retake the lonely mountain
For any Skyrim players here, there is a mod that replaces the main menu music to this song. 
http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/78533/?
I LOVE this!
This was beautiful thank you for sharing this, I wish they put more music like this in the hobbit movies instead of rushing to reuse the (awesome) LOTR tunes. They didn't want to take the risk and make something original and I feel that was the main problem of those movies, not only in the sound department.
This is amazing. I wish there we're 100 other similar songs just so I could make a playlist!
Rob Inglis also sings it great. Tho its more jolly.
!RemindMe 1 day
Dope AF
What about the Rankin-Bass one? I enjoyed that when I was younger.
BBC Radio adaptation. 
Well, I suppose the 1960's one, but I still didn't think it was any good. It just so happens that the only comparison (PJ's) was a steaming pile of worthless dog shit.

Edit: I'm an idiot. I know full well what the 1960's version is, but for some reason when I read this post I thought OP was talking about the Rankin-Bass adaptation. Nevermind, PJ's is far and away better than the 1960's short.

Also... for fucks sake, you aren't being funny or clever OP. You've posted like 10 threads that are all obviously trolls about the 1960's Hobbit in the last few days. Just stop.
Neither, I prefer the Graphic Novel adaptation:

http://tolkiengateway.net/wiki/The_Hobbit_(comic_book)#2012_edition
Not sure when it was made, but this was the begging of a Russian Hobbit cartoon that got the plug pulled on it. Looks like it would have been amazing.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzoRd14L7AQ
Just to clarify I'm talking about this version:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBnVL1Y2src
It really only shows you the power of domination and control.  Not anything or everything you want. 
It's kinda like the wish-granter from the stalker game.
Damn that sounds awesome. But I live in Pittsburgh so there's no way haha.
I used to own it (was in a box that didn't survive a recent move) and I really enjoyed it MORE than vanilla Risk.

It can either be played identical to normal Risk on a map of Middle-Earth, or you can include a couple of narrative additions, like utilizing roll modifiers like Heroes and Strongholds, or tracking the Fellowships journey and trying to conquer everybody before it gets destroyed.
Yes! I do! I have the original version and the expansion which includes the Southern regions of Middle Earth. Although I believe you now get the whole map with the game these days. I HIGHLY recommend it. My friends and I have sunk countless hours into it although we usually play for total map domination (and take out the Ring/Fellowship meta game). There are some imbalances with some of the regions and their strongholds but I'll leave you to find them out for yourself. We nerded out so bad playing this game we would even listen to the film soundtrack while playing. 
Also check out **The War of the Ring** a huge epic war game between two players that also has one player trying to sneak through to mount doom as  fellowship. 

The Mordor player has many many more armies, but can lose instantly if the Fellowship make it to Mount Doom. 


I have it! My brothers and I played it for years. Lots of sibling rivalry from that game. 
 
What can man do against such reckless hate?
I used to own it. I really liked it compared with normal risk.
Me and my friends tried playing but we ended up just fighting over the ring and making smegol impressions 
it has some really unique twists on Risk as a whole, the leader system and completeing missions lead to some fun play. playing with or without the fellowship moving is also a unique twist. my parents house had a fire and it was damaged or I'd still play it :(

Its a fun and entertaining game, especially if you and those you are playing with are fans of the franchise
I used to own it, but we only played it once. It is fun if you like Risk. 
It's good. The map of it is a bit different than what is normally seen, but it was fun. 
Read the hobbit first, then lotr. Then watch lotr. Skip the hobbit film and read the silmarillion
Agree with everyone here. 
 
However, after you read the Hobbit and LOTR and watch LOTR, don't just skip out on the Hobbit movies entirely. Watch the fan edit that was made by Maple Films, it takes all three movies and cuts out the junk and turns it into one 4.5 hour movie. It really takes it up a notch and is really well done. You can watch it for free on their website. 
 
BTW, I'm incredibly jealous of you. I had already seen the LOTR movies before I read the books, so I didn't get to build that universe for myself.
yeah, hobbit -> lotr (including appendices!) -> lotr films. Then if you're itching for more you can read the silmarillion and children of hurin.

the hobbit movies are... less than great, but watch them after the lotr movies if you really want.

 Also keep in mind that fellowship starts pretty slow and the first half has lots of songs and stuff that's a bit boring on a first reading. it picks up about halfway through.
The Hobbit movies are terrible, and you really want to experience the Lord of the Rings with your own imagination before you view someone else's concept of it. I would definitely say go on and read the Lord of the Rings. After that I would recommend reading the Silmarillion. 

My recommendations for the movies would be to only watch LotR after you've read the book, and to not watch The Hobbit at all.
Definitely read the hobbit, then lotr. I'd recommend the silmarillion eventually, but you'd be good to watch the lotr movies first.
Here's what I would suggest. Read *The Hobbit* first, then read *Lord of the Rings*. Keep in mind that it is somewhat dense at times (I'm a pretty quick reader, and it takes me a while to work through Tolkien's writing). After that I would suggest first reading *The Children of Húrin*, as it is written much more in the style of Lord of the Rings. However, if you really want to go through the history of Middle Earth, try reading *The Silmarillion* first, but I've always found that to be a much more difficult read. You can also stop *The Silmarillion* when you get to the chapter "Of Túrin Turambar", then read *The Children of Húrin*, then continue with *The Silmarillion*, as "Of Túrin Turambar" and *The Children of Húrin* tell the same story. In terms of the movies, I would recommend watching all the Lord of the Rings movies first, and then watching all of the Hobbit movies.

TL;DR: 
*The Hobbit* -> *Lord of the Rings* -> *The Children of Húrin* -> *The Silmarillion* or *The Hobbit* -> *The Lord of the Rings* -> *The Silmarillion* -> *The Children of Húrin* or *The Hobbit* -> *The Lord of the Rings* -> *The Silmarillion*, Ch. I - XX (Of Túrin Turambar) -> *The Children of Húrin* -> *The Silmarillion* (Ch. XXI - End)
This is art from the LotR living card  game.  Great game,  *fantastic* art.
Poor Fatty, always forgotten, never loved.
is that Crickhollow?
The artist: http://giacobino.deviantart.com/gallery/
Thanks for posting - I never got too far into LotRO but I'd love to hear Cory's take on it. 
That is some evocative artwork
wow. looks very biblical, moreso than most covers I've seen
I remember having one of these in our classroom in middle school, got shivers every time I looked at it. This very book cover first got me into LOTR and middle earth.
The so-called "kaapuhemmopainos" ("robed guy edition"). The second Finnish edition of the Lord of the Rings, the first omnibus edition. First published 1985.
OK quick story. I just looked at this picture and thought "no big deal, I've seen it hundreds of times". Then I thought "hang on, I live in England, why have I seen this hundreds of times?". And then I remembered that this exact version had just been left sitting on the table in the common area of the student accommodation I lived in in the Netherlands. It was there, on that same table, for the entire year I lived there.

So now I know that the book I saw every day on the way to the bathroom was Finnish. Also I kinda wish I'd stolen it.
I have this same cover, but I've opened it so many times that the cover is not attached to the book anymore... :/
Is that supposed to be Sauron? It looks more like the Witch King.
When was it published? 
are you Finnish?
It looks like he found some dope ski goggles on sale and built his outfit around them.
Dank.
A wizard comes out precisely when he needs to
*affects
I don't think facebook users will be smart enough to decipher the /s tag
This post is actually surprisingly adorable. :3
Your a wizard 'Arry?
please please please please please tell me you bought it 
For only ten $money? Nice!
There was another one of these that had the two chapters Of the Darkening of Valinor and Of the Flight of the Noldor. I used to have the albums long ago, but they were destroyed in a basement flood. I still have them on a copied tape though. :)
I need this in my life.
This is amazing! Holy moly, finding this would turn me into an audiophile if anything could.
OMFG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I want!!!!!!!!! 
LA GEM
I got this out of the library when I was about ten or eleven. Three tries and I couldn't get through it.

THE SILMARILLION:  The book Tolkien fans pretend to like.
I was hoping it was the Leonard Nimoy album...Haha
[deleted]
>Not having a single character that isn't white would probably be seen as racist. We need a token black person to be inclusive, aka black faramir or something

Your question has an obvious answer:

3 Hobbit movies got made very recently and they were no more diverse than Lord of the Rings.

However,  given that Sam is described as "brown" and the people of Gondor are at least kind of Mediterranean coloured it would be easy to include people of different races if a director desired. Probably not sub-Saharan African, but dark Greek/Italian colouring would match the Byzantine vibe surrounding Gondor.

>And again when eowyn was forbidden to go and fight, I could imagine a lot of women saying women are just as capable as men, what a bunch of chauvinistic sexist males not letting a female do what she wants.

But Eowyn does go out and fight in LotR. Its a very feminist message as it stands. She's a badass shieldmaiden. *What are you talking about?*

Let me put it this way - what about Eowyn overcoming the somewhat sexist expectations that she stay as the Lord of Rohan until everyone gets back is sexist to you?  
 
Eowyn isn't forbidden to fight because she's a woman. Aragorn won't take her because she has promised to stay and be the leader of her people at home while Theoden is away. 
I mean, I doubt it. LOTR was a work, with defined characters and races, long before it was a movie. I doubt that would be compromised to please PC culture. New fantasies are probably subject to that kind of non sense, but not well established ones like Tolkien. 
The movies weren't made that long ago, culture isn't so different now than it was when fellowship came to theaters.
PC? 
The main guys in the book are clearly inspired by Europeans, or at least represented as such. JRRT was writing an English pseudo-mythology, for an English audience during the first half of the 20th century. Faramir and the other Dúnedain are generally described as pale with grey eyes. It's pretty clear that in the parts of Middle-earth we see in the LotR story are populated by people who look European. It wouldn't make sense to randomly put in token ethnicities.

And that bit with the Witch-king and Éowyn isn't explained very well in the movie, but in the book there was a prophecy that the Witch-king would not be killed by a man. So in the end he gets killed by a woman.

One of the main changes I would make is to have a more serious Gimli, and to remove the bits where Sauron is just a floating Eye (he has a body in the book).
This post is sort of worded in a way as to suggest that these complaints would somehow be *new,* as if the movies were not criticized for being entirely white save for the orcs and unfortunately bare of female characters back when they came out. They were, pretty widely, in the publications that actually cared about such things at the time. Nowadays I suppose it seems like these criticisms are more common but in reality they're just easier to find now that the internet is so widespread.
As I recall there were a few complaints about the evil men of Harad and Rhun looking vaguely Asian and African, but then again that's a reasonable interpretation of the source material.
I think there's a possible reading that Gríma had learned some stuff from Saruman re: speaking as a form of "magical" persuasion.

I prefer to think of it as him just being persuasive naturally (there's also a passing reference to "subtle poisons") and convincing a legitimately old man that being old meant that he was no longer strong - not a large leap of logic.

All Gandalf did was wake him up a bit and remind him otherwise. There's a little magical something going on in that scene, but my preferred interpretation is that Gandalf is just asserting his position as a Messenger - making the king *listen* to him when he tells him that he is not weak and all is not lost.
No, he manipulated the king into a fatalism and passivity.
Thanks for the replies. I do think it is odd that the other members in Theoden's house allowed him to decay to the point that he was when the party arrived. How did they not add up that Grima had been a cause of this?
Nope. That's just Peter Jackson movie nonsense.
I still dream of the mix of middle earth & a skyrim quality open world game
I have a very similar pic as my desktop wallpaper: http://i.imgur.com/1uCq4Ec.jpg 

Not sure who the artist is though. 
>Artist: **Matthew Rodgers** from **U.S.A.**

>You can find more on him [here](http://www.cavematty.com)

>Software used: *Photoshop*
This is a wonderful piece of course. I do have one problem with it however, it should have more light to it. There needs to be a glow about the city, it is a core part of the world :)
The quality of the trees in this painting approaches Bob Rossian levels.
This had been my background on my pc for the last few months, just changed it yesterday. Love this kind of ME art.
I always dream to live in here. 
Bear Island kind of reminds me of this.
Video has been removed by the user
Video was taken down and reuploaded.

[Video](https://youtu.be/qQFkWY7eE5E)

[Channel](https://www.youtube.com/user/ManggMangg/featured)
Well, their main dwellings are generally mountains: the Misty Mountains (Moria, which has great cultural significance as the ancestral home of Durin's Folk, so conquering Moria would be a significant milestone). Then there are the Grey Mountains and the Blue Mountains where Dwarves lived, but also the Iron *Hills*. And after the War of the Ring, Gimli took some Dwarves and settled in the Glittering Caves behind Helm's Deep. Gimli also makes positive comments about the fortress at Helm's Deep, called the Hornburg:

> Gimli stood leaning against the breastwork upon the wall. Legolas sat
above on the parapet, fingering his bow, and peering out into the gloom.

> 'This is more to my liking,' said the dwarf, stamping on the stones.
'Ever my heart rises as we draw near the mountains. There is good rock here.
This country has tough bones. I felt them in my feet as we came up from the
dike. Give me a year and a hundred of my kin and I would make this a place
that armies would break upon like water.'

Gimli also has some praise for Minas Tirith:

> Together the Elf and the Dwarf entered Minas Tirith, and folk that saw
them pass marvelled to see such companions; for Legolas was fair of face
beyond the measure of Men, and he sang an elven-song in a clear voice as he
walked in the morning; but Gimli stalked beside him, stroking his beard and 
staring about him.

> 'There is some good stone-work here,' he said as he looked at the walls;
'but also some that is less good, and the streets could be better contrived.
When Aragorn comes into his own, I shall offer him the service of stonewrights
of the Mountain, and we will make this a town to be proud of.'

> 'They need more gardens,' said Legolas. 'The houses are dead, and there
is too little here that grows and is glad. If Aragorn comes into his own, the
people of the Wood shall bring him birds that sing and trees that do not die.'

There are also quite a few traveling Dwarves. It is said that Dwarves sometimes traveled through the Shire, during which they would have stayed in normal inns as there are no mountains in the Shire. There are also Dwarves staying at the Prancing Pony in Bree when Frodo arrives there.

Also some Elves live in caves or stone buildings. Dwarves were employed by Elves in the First Age to create Nargothrond and Menegroth, both are cave-dwellings. The halls of the Elven-king (Thranduil) in northern Mirkwood are also caves, possibly similar to Menegroth in Doriath, where Thranduil's father came from. Don't go looking for Nargothrond or Menegroth though, they were destroyed during the First Age.

I think the most lore-appropriate thing to do is try to remain allies with Dale and have retaking Moria as the main goal. They also had a huge war against the Orcs, so taking out Orc factions might also be a reasonable goal. From the way it reads in the Appendices of LotR, it was more or less a genocide against Orcs, because one of them killed Thrór. So don't hesitate to go all out on a faction that attacks you. Gundabad is also significant because the original Durin awoke there, before he settled in Moria. 

> 'The road that I speak of leads to the Mines of Moria,' said Gandalf.
Only Gimli lifted up his head; a smouldering fire was in his eyes. On all the
others a dread fell at the mention of that name. Even to the hobbits it was a
legend of vague fear.

It's a long time ago since I played Third Age TW, but I think you may be able to recruit some special unit from Moria. 
All Dwarf kingdoms mentioned by Tolkien are located in mountains or hills. There were Dwarves staying in Bree when Frodo and company passed through, but they were not living there. They were merely staying at the inn on their journey west.
There was almost definitely a small but significant temporary dwaven population living in minas tirith and other parts of gondor for a Few years after the war of the ring participating in the rebuilding that u/ReinerPersoon mentions. Most likely many of them became then colonists of the glittering caves.

Early 4th age Gondor would be very a interesting place. Due to Aragorn being King and Arwen being Queen there would be a lot more comtact with dwarves and Elves and I am not even including Legolas' elven colony in Ithilien. 
Take a trip to NZ and you can watch all of them back to back (speaking from experience)!
Story time!

So my wife and I were flying trans-Atlantic a couple of years ago, and *An Unexpected Journey* was one of the choices. She was having trouble hearing the audio, so she went to turn on the subtitles, and found that for whatever odd reason the only subtitle language available was Hebrew. Weird, since this was United rather than El Al, but luckily she speaks Hebrew, so whatever.

Anyway, it gets to the point where they're running from the goblins through the caves, and she just starts cracking up. I ask her why, and she explains.

When there is screaming and yelling in movies, they can caption it one of two ways. Either something like:

> *Aaaahhh!*

or else something like:

> <*yelling*>

Know what I'm talking about? Well, whoever did the Hebrew captioning took the former route, which meant the Dwarves were fighting the goblins screaming their battle cry of "Oy! Oy! Oy! Oy!"
Oh that's nice! They have the *Evolution of Golf*, for those that don't want to watch a movie and just want to fall asleep.  

That's rather considerate for an airline
On my flight to Australia I watched all 3 Taken movies in a row. I felt it was a good use of my time.
Yeah but they are not the extended editions :/
what flight was that? 
Im flying to England next month..what airline did you fly?
Lord of the rings ^rings ^^rings.
Turkish airlines has these monitors
I flew to Hong Kong with a colleague who is never able to sleep on planes. He watched The Hobbit... 

All three movies, back to back.
ITT every other airline but the ones I pick have amazing in-flight movies.
Haha, yes! One time I almost got through all three of them on a flight
How much is round trip?
Well, swords tend to be sufficient to take out dragons when used properly so I assume so.
Hiroshima Nuke, aka "Little Boy"

- The fireball was 370 metres (1,200 ft) in diameter
- Surface temperature of 6,000 °C (10,830 °F)
- Near ground zero, everything flammable burst into flame.
- Firestorm was roughly 3.2 kilometres (2.0 mi) in diameter
- blast equivalent to 16 kilotons of TNT
- Some 70,000–80,000 people killed by blast + firestorm
- Estimated that 4.7 square miles (12 km2) of the city were destroyed

VS

A dragon
Well, you have the huge shockwave, that will probably rip and tear him... and even he survives this (which could be possible with his thick dragon skin), there is the radiation. Even if he wouln't die as a direct consequence, he'd probably grossly mutated. In that case, middle-earth has a BIG problem. Just imagine a super-mutant Ancalagon. That would probably be the very definition of overkill.
I'm pretty sure the only way you will get a decent copy of the books is to actually buy the physical books.
I'm still keeping hope alive that they will print another edition at some point.
It is not non-existent. But Elrond is not similar to movie-"Elrond" on this aspect. I suggest that you read Tale of Aragorn and Arwen from the Appendixes once you've read the Return of the King.
Read the appendices after you're done.

I just finished the book (included all three) last night and, in my opinion, compared to the movie she is very non-existent.

I still question why Peter Jackson changed who takes Frodo to Rivendell when he gets stabbed by the witch king

It is not non-existent in the books, but she is not in TTT. Much of what is in the movie is from the supplementary material. 

Also, the movies were written by Jackson, Boyens, and Walsh. 
Eru >>>>>>>>>>> Valar and Morgoth in his prime > Maiar > Calaquendi > All other children of Illuvatar

Very roughly and with various exceptions.
It's not really easy to "rank" things in Tolkien's writing.  Eru is God and is at the top, but after that is gets confusing. You'd generally have the Valar and Maiar, but there are exceptions to the rules and just becuase two thing might both be Maiar, or both be Elves does not make them equal.
Eru>Valar>Maiar>elves>Men/Dwarves
Battle for Middle Earth 1 and 2 are both pretty fun imo, real time strategy games. You can play campaigns as both good and evil factions that roughly follow events of the story. 

If you've played any of the Total War games, [Third Age Total War](http://www.twcenter.net/forums/forumdisplay.php?654-Third-Age-Total-War) is a complete overhaul mod for Medieval 2. Personally, I think this is the best Lord of the Rings experience to be had in pc gaming.

There is also Lord of the Rings Online, if you're into MMOs, never played this one myself.
Hobbits are stoners? What the hell are you talking about? Pipeweed is basically  a form of nicotina (essentially tobacco) as Tolkien states in the first paragraph of part 2 in the FOTR prologue. 

As far as games go, there aren't any truly exceptional games based on LOTR. SoM was good. You can have fun with the Battle for Middle Earth Games. The Third Age was always fun too. But as far as lore based games, there's not much.
>good pc games for the middle earth lore

.

> shadow of mordor

Pick one.


In all seriousness, Shadow of Mordor is *horrible* lore wise. It's a fun game, but the story is essentially a poorly written fanfic. Hardly anything in that game is Lore accurate.

In fact, I don't think any of the games go particularly out of their way to be true to the Lore. The closest thing in existence is probably Lord of the Rings Online, but even that has its occasional discrepancies.


>Also how am i just learning that hobbits are stoners?? Am I that atupid?

I wouldn't say that you're stupid, but you definitely have some reading comprehension problems. Pipe-weed is very explicitly tobacco, and that is made abundantly clear in the story.
**Sil** is a fantastic lore friendly  roguelike   
  

>Also how am i just learning that hobbits are stoners?? Am I that atupid?

Read the prologue again... its a variety of tobacco. 

The Lord of the Rings : The Battle for Middle Earth

The Lord of the Rings : The Battle for Middle Earth II + The Rise of the Witch-king

The Lord of the Rings : Conquest

The Lord of the Rings : War in the North

Lego : The Hobbit

Lego : The Lord of the Rings.
>I have already played shadow of mordor but would like some more if possible. Any other good medias that go with the lore is good too!

I am not a native English speaker so perhaps I missed some nuance... does this suggest that SoM is good with lore?
2002 Hobbit game. It's been a couple years since I played it, but I don't think it blatantly ruins any part of the lore; adds some small tidbits in. Definitely captures the light-hearted theme of The Hobbit that the movies give no justice to. It is my favorite game.
Best one would be Third Age Total War. Currently playing this game and I can't believe how many new things I am learning. Also, it is VERY interesting to discover all the eventful locations on the map. 

For example, tracking the path of the fellowship after they took off from Rivendell or tracking the path of Frodo all the way from the Shire to Mordor. 
I made this post about a certain shitty map, but it covers what you're asking as well.

https://www.reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/1khgtf/on_the_subject_of_maps_good_and_bad/
I'm pretty sure he doesn't say that in the books. Probably because Aragorn is ready to step up to being a King at that point. 

A lot of contradictary movie stuff is like that. I call it PPP: Peter and Phillipa Problems. 

Peter and Phillipa probably figured most moviegoers wouldn't understand that context.  It provides a nice bit of drama, but I wouldn't read too much into it. 
Firstly, as u/rakino said, that conversation does not happen in the books, and as such is to be taken with a grain of salt.

But, secondly, even if we take it at face value, I think you're either misremembering or misinterpreting the scene. If I understand you correctly, you're saying that the implication of Elrond's quote - that "the blood of Númenor" is a greater line than other Men - clashes with the fact that Isildur, who is of that blood, allowed the Ring, and thus Sauron, to continue existing.

However, read the quote in context again:  
>The race of Men is failing. The blood of Númenor is all but spent, its pride and dignity forgotten. It is because of Men the Ring survives.  
I was there, Gandalf. I was there three thousand years ago when Isildur took the Ring. I was there the day the strength of Men failed.  
I led Isildur into the heart of Mount Doom, where the Ring was forged, the one place it could be destroyed.  
It should've ended that day, but evil was allowed to endure.  
Isildur kept the Ring. The line of kings is broken. There is no strength left in the world of Men. They're scattered, divided, leaderless.

The whole section makes it very clear, I think, that it is precisely *because* of Isildur's failure - in addition to the later breaking of the line of kings - that Elrond thinks that "the blood of Númenor is all but spent". Watching Isildur's weakness on what Elrond calls "the day the strength of Men failed" convinced him that the glory days of Men are over.  
Yes, the line of Númenor is that of his brother, but he seems to think of those days differently, in terms of "pride and dignity". If anything, I'd say it makes sense that he would be especially bitter that the great house of his brother had fallen so low.

But again, all this is movie stuff. Elrond is a quite different character in the books.
The Frodo drop
The Frodo Funky Chicken Dance! 
I can't tell if you're a troll or not. 
Probably because he wrote his books in the 30s and 50s and England didn't officially adopt the metric system before the late 60s.
You know Britain uses miles, right?
You know we still exist here in Britain, right? :)
Even if Tolkien hadn’t been born in 1892, I suspect he would have stuck to the old-fashioned Imperial units. Remember, this is the man who once humorously threatened (in his Letters) to stop speaking anything but ’Old Mercian!’
The hobbits are more likely to use such measurements than the people of Gondor or Rohan.  The language gets more archaic in The Two Towers.  The hobbits are actually based on 19th century Englishmen.  In the appendices Tolkien explains this as a decision by the translator, but the translator apparently also added anachronistic references to items such as mantel clocks, umbrellas, waistcoats, and an express train to Bywater.
What the hell are you talking about?
OP's referring to the short 1966 foreign film. It's a travesty that should never have been made.
Princess Mika never existed.
You posted this exact same thread 2 days ago. Why are you posting it again?
More than likely just more of Paolini copying other works.  At best you can think of it as an "Easter egg".  There is no way the Twins are actually the same as the Blue Wizards
Did you ask some question or what? There is no way the characters would be the same since the world is entirely different. Paolini does not add anything into the Legendarium.
Wasn't the scene with Merry and Pippin washing dishes *before* Bilbo's goodbye speech?
Who's Slag the Terrible? 
.
Bard?
This question comes up a lot, so I'll give you a quick and dirty version (you can find any number of large discussions about it on this sub). 

Essentially, Gandalf's power was limited *concerning this specific struggle*. In the fight against Sauron, Gandalf had to play by certain rules, and couldn't bring his full power to bear in the War of the Ring. 

However, the Balrog was from another conflict entirely, completely unrelated to the conflict at hand (Balrogs were from the War of Wrath in the First Age, I think), and as such, Gandalf was effectively unfettered. 
There is no where at all, not even in the movies, where it's stated that Gandalf can't beat the Witch-King.

In the movies they build up a sort of "rivalry" between the two where Gandalf is concerned about having to face him, but that doesn't exist at all in the books. 

In reality even the full nine would have a hard time dealing with Gandalf actually fighting and definitely could not defeat him, just drive him away at best. As has been stated already though, that is a moot point entirely as Gandalf is not "allowed" to match strength with Sauron's forces, his role in the war is limited to inspiring and organizing the free-peoples and defending himself as needed in that role.
Can you provide a quote stating that Gandalf cannot defeat the witch king? It seems unlikely the Witch King would have power over gandalf, especially as the White wizard.

>'Dangerous!' cried Gandalf. 'And so am I, very dangerous: more dangerous than anything you will ever meet, unless you are brought alive before the seat of the Dark Lord. 

-Gandalf the White, the Two Towers.

This quote, from the White, implies that Gandalf is stronger than any being in Middle Earth, save Sauron.

The closest thing I could even find showing that the Witch King could be a threat to Gandalf is the following quote, which really doesn't confirm anything.

>'Yet now under the Lord of Barad-dur the most fell of all his captains is already master of your outer walls,' said Gandalf. 'King of Angmar long ago, Sorcerer, Ringwraith, Lord of the Nazgûl, a spear of terror in the hand of Sauron, shadow of despair.' 

>'Then, Mithrandir, you had a foe to match you,' said Denethor. 'For myself, I have long known who is the chief captain of the hosts of the Dark Tower. Is this all that you have returned to say? Or can it be that you have withdrawn because you are overmatched?' 

>Pippin trembled, fearing that Gandalf would be stung to sudden wrath, but his fear was needless. 'It might be so,' Gandalf answered softly. 'But our trial of strength is not yet come. And if words spoken of old be true, not by the hand of man shall he fall, and hidden from the Wise is the doom that awaits him. However that may be, the Captain of Despair does not press forward, yet. He rules rather according to the wisdom that you have just spoken, from the rear, driving his slaves in madness on before.

-The Return of the King.
It's a movie only thing. In the books Gandalf states that in middle earth only Sauron is his equal in strength (after he came back as the white).

The confrontation between the witch king and Gandalf in the books ended after flame appeared to consume the nazgul's sword, but Gandalf's staff was not broken, and he was not thrown backwards. 
You need to understand that Gandalf, and all the Wizards in Middle Earth, aren't magically gifted humans. They're actually essentially lesser gods called Maiar.

Their mission was to guide the races in Middle Earth to defeat Sauron. So in the fights against Sauron, they couldn't interfere directly, magically.

The Barlog are actually also Maiar that fell under the influence of Morgoth(think Saurons boss, mentor, and far worse than Sauron could ever be). Since Gandalf and the Barlog are both on the same power level, they fought fairly. And since the Barlog has no real part in anything Sauron related, Gandalf could go full force and kill the Barlog.
Gandalf could sneeze the witch king out of existence. 
Only girls can beat the witch king
We also need to look at where they met in the books.  It was at the gates of Minas Tirith as Grond tore them down.  The Witch King walked in and everyone fled in terror except Gandalf.  They shared some words showing neither was scared of the other then Rohan breaks up the party.  
  
The key thing is that Gandalf was not afraid of the Witch King.  He told the Witch King to piss off.  I don't think it was suicidal posturing, but Gandalf knowing he could whoop the Witch King and any of his friends that decided to come along.  
The balrog was physically much larger that the Witch king but, wizards don't fight with physical strength. They fight with magical strength & it seems logical that the Witch King's magic is stronger than the Balrog's.
Because the witch king is a bad MF.  Look on his wallet.
Most people ITT are saying it's not Gandalf's role to interfere in The War of the Ring, but The Balrog wasn't part of Sauron's plan erego he could put forth his full power. I agree with this. 

BUT I'd also speculate that The Witch King is more powerful than The Balrog. Especially mounted on a Nazgul that motherfucker is powerful as fuck. Sauron's right hand man ain't going to be no bitch. Of course Merry and Eowyn ended up defeating him, which always seemed a bit inconsistent to me anyway. 

Ask not the elves for advice, because they will tell you both 'yes' and 'no'.
Mae govannen. Sounds so friendly and sincere.
A star shines on the hour of our meeting. 

Elen sila lumenn omentielvo.
Aurë entuluva, or "Day shall come again." Said by Húrin, standing alone and facing certain death at the hands of Morgoth's forces.
Mellon! 

Friends don't lie 

Edit: wrong sub I thought this was about Stranger Things 
Mine is auta miqula orqu which is an insult and means go kiss an orc. 
Last time they directly interfered with Middle Earth the destruction sank most of a continent. I imagine they want to avoid that. 
>The only action I am aware they take is when they send in the Istari...

To be fair, it turns out that was enough.
There are a couple clear signs of the Valar throwing a little nudge during the War of the Ring. I think the biggest area of help is Aragorn and the Grey Company's taking of the Black Ships. After they had taken the ships they received a goodly wind to speed them on their way (Manwe, lord of the air) and a mist surrounded them on the water (Ulmo, lord of the Sea). There were a couple more times I saw little hints at it but I can't recall them off the top of my head. 
I don't buy into the notion that they would destroy a lot of Middle Earth. This happened when the valar were going up against a far stronger Melkor with far more deadly weapons. Given this, the Valar would have absolutely destroyed Sauron, Saruman, (both of which are equal to or slightly more powerful than Gandalf the White) and their joined armies with ease. It would be so easy and so quick that Middle Earth would take very minimal damage, if any at all. 



The Valar knew this and knew that it would take a lesser host in the Istari. They also realized the time of Men in Middle Earth was coming and allowing them to handle this themselves further insured that such a time was coming. The era of elves and gods and their magic was fading and if the Valar had intervened, their abilities could have started a new wave of magical abilities of the population of Middle Earth, completely changing the outcome of an age of Men.
Well, Tolkien didn't want his work to be seen as an allegory but he doesn't deny that his Biblical themes exist and influenced his work. In an attempt to answer the question why does God allow evil to exist  he would say that greater acts of good come about and are experienced if we choose to do good rather than God just doing everything and not having humans choose to good. There is some good writing he does about this idea.

In this understanding, the theme directly ties to Middle Earth. Gandalf and the other Istari and bad ass dudes but are told to veil their true power, they are to only nudge people in the right direction essentially (mostly Gandalf, being given the Ring of Fire to "kindle the hearts" of people. Yes, the Valar (and Eru Illuvitar) have intervened at times but I think the theme of Men and their gift of mortality and of choice of free will essentially. The elves, being bound to nature and the natural flow of things (along with magic) must leave at the end of the third age with the ending of the One ring and dwindling of the three rings tied. 

Understanding that Middle Earth is all a mythology created for Europe, with the leaving of the elves and the start of the age of Men, Tolkien is conveying that we are living in the time of Men. That would explain through his mythology why elves and magic don't really exist anymore. 

With his influence of Catholicism and his love of Norse mythology it really makes for an interesting concept. 
The Dwarves did assemble an army for the War, at least the eastern Dwarves of Erebor. They had to defend the Mountain against an attack from Easterlings, alongside the Men of Dale.

It's unclear how many Dwarves participated in the battle, but we can assume they were able to assemble their army reasonably quickly to respond to the threat.
"A legion of dwarves, fully armed and filthy!"
Well, we know from The Hobbit that Dain was able to raise maybe 500 Dwarves and send them to help Thorin on pretty short order, I can't recall the exact times but I think it's less than a month from Smaug's death to Dain's Dwarves showing up.

So if the Iron Hills are any indication, something like 500 Dwarves must be a pretty small, manageable force to send out. This was probably the garrison/small personal force that Dain could immediately call together.

I don't think it would be unreasonable for 3-5 times that many Dwarves to appear in a couple of months from the entire Iron-Hills Dwarves, so maybe 2,000 or more could have arrived given enough time.

By the time of the War of the Ring, lots of those Dwarves (and perhaps some from the Blue Mountains) have moved to Erebor; it's only been 60 years but a Dwarf in their 50s could probably still fight  in a battle. (I think Gimli was prohibited from the Bilbo excursion because he was only in his 20s or 30s and too young by Dwarven standards.)

However, Dwarves don't have lots of children I think, so perhaps with immigrant Dwarves and some population growth the Lonely Mountain could field 5,000 Axes on pretty short notice; this would make the general population over 50,000 in the Mountain assuming a pretty solid militarization effort.

This is mostly gut feeling and estimation, so feel free to stretch the numbers whichever way you want, (I.E. higher percentage involved in the war effort) just my two cents.
The only thing they would do is protect their treasure hoards, they probably had an army present in their dwellings (Iron hills Erebor etc) anyway 
>'Fool of a Took, one does not have to downvote if thy opinion differ, just leave it be' is what I think he would say.

I think anybody who would use the phrase "Fool of a Took" would be perfectly fine with downvoting stupid things...
It's a G rune for Gandalf
Oh hello, it's the norse wealth rune. Looks nice mate!
They are extremely similar.
Good catch.
You can't really take this as proof for any of your claims. Yes, Elves are light on their feet and fast. Yes, Dwarves carry a lot of heavy armor, but they are also built for dragging around a lot of weight and they are even then fast over short distances.

I would agree that Elves are faster then any other, but this video isn't proof of any of it, even if the movies were anything close to canon.

I guess it's due to all the armor the drawes carry. But almost a fith of the time is still imprisve of the elves!
It's that way in the books too. That's how Sam was introduced to him, so that's how he refers to him.
Probably the same reason you keep calling your parents mom and dad, after you've learned that they too have names of their own. Convenience and habit.
There is a slightly different order of events in the book: the early part is much longer, and Gandalf tells Frodo to leave, but not immediately. Gandalf is supposed to show up at Frodo's home to escort him, but then he is captured by Saruman, so Frodo leaves with just the other hobbits.

Now, when they arrive in Bree, the innkeeper has a letter from Gandalf that the innkeeper forgot to send. The letter tells Frodo to leave immediately, and that Gandalf will follow him as soon as he can. The letter also mentions Aragorn:

> You may meet a friend of mine on the Road: a Man, lean,
dark, tall, by some called Strider. He knows our business and will help you.
Make for Rivendell. There I hope we may meet again. If I do not come, Elrond
will advise you.

Now, Aragorn is deliberately looking for them, as he seems to have spotted them before the reached Bree. Gandalf also adds this to the letter:

>  Make sure that it is the real Strider. There are many strange men
on the roads. His true name is Aragorn.

So the hobbits find out his real name in Bree.

The letter also contains a poem about Aragorn that mentions the broken blade, and book-Aragorn actually carries around his broken blade, and twice uses it to identify himself:

> 'I did not know,' he answered. 'But I am Aragorn, and those verses go
with that name.' He drew out his sword, and they saw that the blade was indeed
broken a foot below the hilt. 'Not much use is it, Sam?' said Strider. 'But
the time is near when it shall be forged anew.'

And the hobbits have the habit of referring to him as Strider. This is when Merry is left in Rohan and asks Théoden about it:

> 'Twice now, lord, I have heard of the Paths of the Dead,' he said. 'What
are they? And where has Strider, I mean the Lord Aragorn where has he gone?'

>  He wrapped his grey cloak
about him, hiding his mail-shirt, and stretched out his long legs. Then he lay
back and sent from his lips a thin stream of smoke.

> 'Look!' said Pippin. 'Strider the Ranger has come back!'

> 'He has never been away,' said Aragorn. 'I am Strider and Dúnadan too,
and I belong both to Gondor and the North.'

One of his names in Rivendell is the Dúnadan, meaning Man of the West.
Pippin in the books also refers to Aragorn as strider until return of the king. He does not really seem to process Aragorn is actualy the king till he gets to Gondor  when Gandalf flat out tells him not to mention aragorn in front of Denethor
IIRC all the hobbits (except maybe Frodo) continue to call him Strider
I recommend reading them in publication order.  While you certainly could start with The Silmarillion, it's the toughest read of the three.  That doesn't mean it's the worst of the three, it's just written in a deliberately archaic style and is packed with information.  It's like reading the Bible.  And I found that I didn't really understand it until I read it twice.

The Hobbit is very different from the movies.  It's not a prequel to The Lord of the Rings, it's a stand alone book.  It was written for children, but it was written to be *read* to children, so there's a lot there for adults.  It's also a relatively short read.

The Lord of the Rings assumes some familiarity with The Hobbit, although it's certainly not necessary to read The Hobbit first, it is helpful.  Familiarity with The Silmarillion also sheds light on The Lord of the Rings, but no such familiarity was assumed because The Silmarillion had not been published.  The Lord of the Rings started as a sequel to The Hobbit but The Silmarillion kept leaking in, and eventually it became far too big of a book for most children.
I also highly recommend re-reading LotR after The Silmarillion.  It's really great going through and understanding all the references to The Elder Days.

All of Tolkien's works have really great re-read value.  I read LotR roughly once every year or so.
Nope. Hobbit, LotR, Silmarillion.

There's value in having the story told in the order the author intended. You wouldn't ask "should I read the last chapter of LotR before the first?".
The Hobbit, Lord of the Rings, the Silmarillio, Children of Hurin, re-read Lord of the Rings. The Hobbit is a nice short adventure story. The Silmarillion is basically a history book. While interesting, it can also read like one. And if you re-read Lord of the Rings after that, as there are some references in songs. 
My advice is Hobbit first because it is the easiest read. Then, if you enjoy Tolkein's style, read LOTR. (I have friends that do not enjoy reading a page long description of a door - but in my opinion Tolkein's descriptive writing is part of what made it so amazing, as well as what made the movies so beautiful)

I have yet to read Silmarillion, but from all the advice I've seen, it is a very emotional read. And as someone who threw Two Towers across the room when Sam got left all alone, I just have not been ready for that undertaking.
I saw the six movies and then read in this order: lotr > hobbit > silmarillion.  
But I would start with the hobbit because it's the easiest to read. This way you can ease into it a bit. If you start with the silmarillion it might be very dry material. I'm currently enjoying the silmarillion a lot but the first chapters we're a bit difficult to get through.  
So the order I advice is hobbit>lotr>silmarillion  
Remember reading is very different from watching a movie, try to read slow and let everything sink in well and watch the map a lot to not get confused.
Think of it like watching the Star Wars saga for the first time: start with the Original Trilogy and then the Prequel Trilogy. Or, more likely, start with OT and then pretend the PT never happened before Revenge of the Sith. 
My advice is this: 

option1: hobbit > Silmarillion Audiobook > Lord of the rings

option2: hobbit > LotR > Silmarillion > Unfinished Tales > LotR again

Lord of the Rings is the master work, (it was supposed to be Silmarillion, be he died) everything circles around it.  for best impact (since you've already seen the movies) go for option A.  if you reeeeeeally want to dive deep into the realm, option B.
I would agree, as long as you can get through the Silmarillion easy enough. It's wonderful, and I prefer it over any other book, but it's a struggle.
I'm honestly not entirely sure what you're asking, but I'll do my best. 

The three primary races are Elves, Dwarves, and Men. Elves and Men were created and conceived by Eru Illuvatar, and are often referred to as "The Children of Illuvatar" (or "The Children" for short.) 

Dwarves were later conceived by the Vala Aule, as he was impatient and tired of waiting for the coming of the Firstborn. Eru granted the creations of Aule the gift of sentience, but commanded that they must remain asleep until after the Elves had awakened.

The Quendi (Elves) were the first of the three races to awaken. They are further divided into many subsets based on various geographical and political decisions that occurred before the dawn of the First Age. I can go into more detail about this in another comment if you are interested.

The Atani (Men) are called such by the Elves. It means The Second People. The Edain are a grouping of three houses of Men who aided in the fight against Morgoth. The Numenorians are descended from them. 

Hobbits are also considered a subset of Men, although where and how the deviation in their physique and cultural norms occurred is unclear.

>On this topic who is the strongest? Ea?

This is the part of your question that truly baffles me. Could you possibly reword it for clarity?

*Ea* is the Quenya word for "existence", but is more commonly used as a synonym for "The Universe" (being all that exists). I'm not really sure what that has to do with the rest of the question.
Ea is the universe itself, not a character. 

Eru Illuvatar is God. Like, capital G Christian God. Eru is omnipotent,  omniscient and benevolent. Maybe you meant Eru rather than Ea?




I apologize in advance for any mistakes. English is not my native language. 

But I hope that you will like it. I spent a lot of time on it tbh :D
Absolutely wonderful pictures. Thanks for sharing!
It's nuts how little they had to do to turn those landscapes into perfect shots for the movies. Some of your pictures just look straight out of Middle Earth with no doctoring at all.
So glad you enjoyed Mt Sunday. It is an absolutely spectacular location. I visited in '07 and it's still one of my favorite travel memories. You can't overstate the beauty of that place!
Amazing pictures dude. I would love to visit Hobbiton. Thanks for sharing. 
These pictures are stunning.  Thank you so much for this - I've been wanting to go to NZ for the longest time to see the LoTR locations and this just inspired me to start planning!
For anyone looking for locations:

http://www.doc.govt.nz/lordoftherings

https://www.amazon.com/Middle-earth-Landscapes-Locations-Hobbit-Trilogies/dp/0008116148
Goddammit I want to visit there so bad... if only I wasn't so bloody scared of flying
How did you get around the islands? I am going there to visit Hobbiton in December. Have any tips?
I'm heading to NZ later this year and I'm absolutely stoked to see the LotR film locations. 

Hearing about the locations where you can just go on your own - sans-tour group - is a huge relief too!
Thanks for making me feel terrible about not exploring my own country. Haha jokes those are some incredible photos - glad you enjoyed it here!
This is awesome. Thanks for sharing. 
Excellent post, thank you for putting it together!
I'm so jealous of you. This is like my dream vacation. If you don't mind me asking, how much USD was the trip approximately?
These photographs really made me miss home! I was born and raised 1 hour and 30 minutes from Tongariro (Mordor). Always love scenery of our countryside. Glad you enjoyed your trip
I lived in New Zealand for 6 months, and one thing I can say is as cool as it is going to the filming locations, you should enjoy New Zealand for the whole country. DO NOT only go just to see the locations because everywhere you turn in NZ looks like its right off of the screen. Hobbiton and WETA are especially cool, but if you are looking for any other places my advice is to just travel around the whole country, and you will find yourself in Middle-Earth no matter where you go!
$364 is only slightly more expensive than $57?
Ah man this was great. I spent october/november backpacking around NZ last year and my brother and I made a point to see as many filming locations as we could. We didn't make it to mnt Sunday though, which was a huge bummer. 

Did you make it to Paradise while you were in Glenorchy? That was one of our favorites
Thanks for posting, these are great!

edit- NZ is on my list to visit, but the wife wants to see a few other places first so maybe in a few years.
Thanks for sharing! I will (hopefully) be going to NZ for study abroad next semester. The filming locations is one of those things I want to see while I'm there.
Loved it! Mt. Sunday was my favorite place in NZ for sure. I had quite a different experience with Tongariro, there was like a foot of snow pretty much the whole trail. 
This is so awesome!! Spent 30 minutes going through this
Thank you so much for sharing! Sounds like a fun trip :)
I'm in the midst of planning a trip to NZ this January and will absolutely use this post as a reference! Thanks!
This is PERFECT! I'm planning my and my fiancé' honeymoon to NZ, and this is a perfect guide! Thank you so much OP! 
This is great! I'm getting married in New Zealand in about 2 months and we're planning on seeing a lot of these spots while we're there! Thanks for sharing!
This is an AMAZING post, thank you for it! It really feels like the trip was successfull, and it really makes me wanna take a similar one! 
Wow, can't believe I haven't watched these yet.  Thanks for sharing.
I haven't read it, but isn't Eragon a pretty shameless clone of LotR?
By the Blue wizards in Eragon are you referring to the twins? As they both die in the next book, as they are killed by Roran (it turns out they work for Galbatorix.)
They are not. How could they be? Tolkien's legendarium and Paolini's stories happen in entirely different worlds.
Very cool....

I-I could help a bit..*I could carry it for a while.*
But did you throw it in...? 
*Boromir rolls in grave*
Keep it secret, keep it safe.  With time I'm sure it will become precious to you.
>Why does frodo have sympathy for gollum, even though he tried to kill them and he knows he only wants the ring?

Because Frodo knows what the lure of the Ring feels like.

Because he recognizes the pull it's beginning to have on him, and can finally catch a glimpse of what it must be like to be enslaved to it for centuries, the way Gollum has been.

Because he sees that Gollum is a horrifying preview of what Frodo himself would be like if he is not strong enough to resist the will of the Ring.

Because Frodo believes that if Gollum can be redeemed and saved from the Ring's slavery, then *Frodo* can be saved from the Ring's slavery.
It's not that Frodo "favors" Gollum over Sam.

It's that Sam responds on the way most of us would - by seeing Gollum as an irredeemable monster and wanting to kill him in order to make sure that they're safe from whatever he may be plotting. But despite this, Frodo sees a potential for good in Gollum. So or the sake of the goodness (and out of pity at how much Gollum has suffered due to the Ring's influence), he doesn't want to *murder* the poor pathetic creature.

It's worth noting that Frodo was actually correct: his kindness was on the way to reforming Gollum... it wasn't until the two hobbits essentially betrayed Gollum to Faramir's men in Ithilien that he was lost and decided to betray them in return (by feeding them to Shelob). And yes, Frodo felt that he did what he needed to do, and it was either allow Gollum to be captured or allow Gollum to be killed... but clearly that nuance was lost on Gollum in the middle of his rough treatment at the hands of the men.

Offhand I don't recall how much of this was actually brought across in the movies, but damn it, it's in the books. If you have a question about the lore, the first place you can turn is to the books: they, and *not* the movies, form the definitive LotR canon.
Firstly because of his innate compassion and empathy. Gollum is, as they all say, a wretched creature, deserving more of pity than hatred. Gandalf's influence also weighs heavily on Frodo's character. Frodo sees much of himself in Smeagol; both hobbit-creatures, both ring-bearers. I believe there's even a line in the movies where he says something like "I have to believe he can come back". Obviously indicating they may share a similar fate.

My second point is that the relationships between the Mordor-bound trio are also quite different in the books. The scene before they enter Cirith Ungol where Frodo tells Sam to go home does not exist in the novels. I actually find that scene rather offensive considering Sam's demonstrably immense loyalty to Frodo, it just doesn't jive with Sam's character that he would abandon Frodo for any reason. Frodo dislikes Sam's treatment of Gollum, his lack of pity or understanding, but he loves Sam himself and trusts him far more than Gollum.

Overall I dislike the movie's portrayal of their dynamic and I'm right there with you wondering why Frodo would take Gollum's word on anything. He only follows him into Mordor because he has to, and trusts him not to kill them because of the oath he swore on the Precious.
It wont let me flair. So just in case this has spoilers! Its been well over a decade though. So get over it.
It's also fun to think about it in terms of gollum being necessary for the rings destruction.

In the movies and the books, frodo makes the good-hearted decision of letting gollum live. It's frustrating to us, but a master stroke by frodo because in the end, the ring was too powerful for him. Gollum being alive and stealing the ring at the end ensures the rings destruction, possibly an act of eru.

An analysis of Tolkien's use of the Song of Roland and how it adds to his depiction on Christian knighthood. It is part one of two, with the second focusing on how Peter Jackson's movie version expands on Tolkien's original usage. 
Here is part two, primarily discussing the film adaptation of the Two Towers: http://www.newsandtimes.com/2016/10/two-horns-of-two-towers-part-2-film/
And many of these would have ruined the films IMO. Not the things the actors or women in beards. But things like killing a hobbit because one simply should die. Aragorn fighting Sauron. These kind of things.

I didn't know #20 though. Very proud of Jackson for that.
Very nice to read.

If I had needed any further proof that the makers of the movies had no idea what the books are about the fact that they filmed a scene where Aragorn fights Sauron and in the original script Frodo killed Gollum would have nicely delivered.
Man, what a shit show many of these would have made for.  Except Liam Neeson.  He could have been cool, in a few different roles; Elrond, Gandalf, Faramir (book Faramir)....
Glad #13 never happened.
I think they had some redeeming qualities and aren't particularly bad films, it's just that they are nowhere near the original LOTR trilogy.
The Hobbit movies were just really boring. Not awful movies - just bloated boring ones. Everything following Bilbo was good and the rest just felt like fat. "Too little butter over too much bread"


I think the LotR are far superior in every aspect of filmmaking, and aesthetic. However, thats not to take away from the Hobbit, I really did **enjoy** them. It's just, I watch the hobbit and think of things i'd have prefered to be in, or not, or look different... that doesn't happen with LotR.
I like the characters, the actors they got for them, the music, most of the visuals, and the book scenes like the Unexpected Party, Riddles in the Dark, etc. But honestly I wish someone had told Pete he couldn't do a trilogy. It was just too much added material and none of it was necessary.
They were okay, but too long. Really well cast though. I like the first one most for the Riddles in the Dark scene. (And any scenes in the Shire are pretty good.)
*An Unexpected Journey* was ok. Not great, but passable. *Desolation of Smaug* was a significant step down, but still at least watchable (although only barely). There is not a single movie in existence that I despise more than *The Battle of Five Armies*.

It's a disgrace. An absolute, comprehensive, sweeping failure in all aspects with absolutely no redeeming qualities. It takes a giant steaming shit on everything that Tolkien's book ever stood for. The larger theme and significance of the work is completely lost in the inanity of soulless, stupid, and incomprehensibly mediocre action. 

BotF isn't even recognizable from the source material. The titular character (Bilbo, The hobbit) is reduced to a secondary character at best, and maybe even a tertiary one. All aspects of character development, plot advancement, or intriguing dialogue are replaced with an hour and a half of sword-swinging nonsense. Any aspect of Tolkien's established Lore that may have been considered for the movies was ultimately thrown out the window and replaced with absolutely whatever the living fuck Peter Jackson could come up with on the spot. I mean for shits sake, this is Arda, not Arrakis. We don't have fucking sandworms.

And even if one were to completely disregard the source material, it's a ***terrible*** movie in and of itself. The action is so comically cheesy that it would not be particularly out of place in a "so bad it's good" 1980's kung fu flick. The pacing is an absolute catastrophe that is utterly fucked from the get-go. It starts off with what any reasonable director would have placed as the climax of an earlier movie, slows down for about five minutes, and then immediately jumps into a tangential action scene that has little to no bearing on the rest of the events of the movie. Following that, we dive immediately into an hour long shitfest of a Battle that would give even the most inebriated person on the planet a difficult time maintaining any level of suspension of disbelief. 

In isolation, the Hobbit trilogy is mediocre, verging on bad. In comparison to Jackson's early work in *The Lord of the Rings*, they are awful. And finally, if one attempts to draw any level of comparison between the source material, than these movies were nothing short of a tragic disgrace. An utter abomination that should never have seen the light of day. 

I defy anyone to attempt to defend scenes like this:


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6SGengnqNIM


I hated it utterly. 
There are a fair number of reasons:

1. First and foremost, most of us are looking at it in the context of an adaptation. The Hobbit is only about half the length of *Fellowship*, let alone the whole LotR trilogy, so expanding a short book into a long trilogy means a lot of bloat. 

2. Excessive use of mediocre CGI. The originals were widely praised for their practical effects: using actual sets, [brilliant cinematography](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QWMFpxkGO_s), and arguably the best costume and makeup work in any movie... ever. This means that, despite CG technology being far, far worse when LotR was made, it looked much more real(with exceptions, of course). LotR CG was mostly for the distant backgrounds or things impossible to do practically, while the Hobbit used it for basically everything. To prove my point, compare how Azog, the Hobbit antagonist, compares to generic orcs from LotR (hint: fake).

3. I don't remember his name, but that guy who works for the Master of Lake Town. Holy hell he was terrible, like, enough to put Jar Jar Binks to shame. I really can't overstate how much I hate him

4. Ridiculous-looking action scenes: the barrels out of bond (especially Bombour), the escape from Goblin town, freaking Radagast's rabbit-sleigh, etc. The movie certainly had its fair share of excellent action scenes, but some I just can't help groaning at.

5. Pointless filler. Why did they need to waste all that time with F(K)ili's injury and an orc invasion of Lake Town? To push a halfhearted love story and fill up time. Remember when the dwarves had a Scooby Doo "Hey, look over here Smaug" chase scene? Not to mention the ["chase"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_sVrg1pGX0) right before Rivendell

6. The elves jumping over the dwarven shield wall during the BoFA. Honestly, they have such a kickass shield wall going with who knows how many elven archers behind it, and they decide to jump over it? It's the stupidest idea I've ever heard, just so they could get a dramatic slow-mo shot in. Ugh.

7. The worms. This isn't Dune, why did they need worms? Couldn't the worms just kill the elves, dwarves, and men for them? Where were these worms during LotR? It makes no sense. Ugh, again.
Folks don't really object to the movies. It's just that you can't really see them under all that padding. Underneath that bloated monster is a sweet, lithe film just begging to get out.
[deleted]
My dream one day is to see the plot of the original hobbit as displayed in the cartoon version on the big screen with the vision and budget of a Peter Jackson LOTR film. No extra fat or bullshit. 
Too long, bad character development (i never even remembered all the dwarves, wth) and just mindless action. Its like the star wars prequels.
To me The Hobbit trilogy fleshes out the world of Middle-Earth (on film) and quenches the thirst for "more", Lord of the Rings is of course the better trilogy.

I think one of the major setbacks of the Hobbit films is it's heavy reliance on CGI which makes it feel cheap and already dated. Sure there's even more dated things in Lord of the Rings (Legolas swinging up in his horse, hahaha) but my impression is there's more practical effects in the Rings.
My main beef with the Hobbit trilogy is the portrayal of the Dwarves. They all feel cartoonish except for Thorin, who feels like a small man instead of a dwarf. They feel like they came out of Snow White, not Middle Earth.
I was just watching AUJ and it's really not that good. Visually less stunning and cohesive than the first trilogy, they tried something more colorful but it doesn't hold that well together. The story feels like an alternate version of FotR, they check most of the same boxes, i don't know how that is in the book but since the movie isn't brilliant in it's realisation or original, it feels meh. 

Maybe a smaller budget would have made things work better, it's still nice to come back to Middle Earth. The movie doesn't really focus on Bilbo and that's not a bad thing in itself but it isn't well executed, it's not brout rightfully and the movie switch tones without tune, it just comes and goes in a way. Well, i wanted to see the dragon so i'm on my way to watch Desolation of Smaug.
Well, that graph assumes that the people Bilbo knows half as well as he should like and the people he likes half as well as they deserve are disjunct groups, which I don't think is necessarily given from the quote. 
[Here's a better graph.](http://imgur.com/a/AUFup)

Edit: The line "I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve" can be seen as a subset of the first group, the people he knows. If he knows half of them, then this is why he likes "less than half" of them. So, of the people he knows, he does not like all of them as much as they deserve. 
Rephrased: "I wish I knew more of you people, but I only know half of you. And that half I do like, I like them less than they deserve." 
And he likes less than half of them half as well as they deserve...the chart is flawed.  0/10
“I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.”
Awesome, But here's [a more accurate depiction.](https://qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-2864dcc1a549fd4f1ce30f83db00240b-c?convert_to_webp=true)
This looks like a job for /r/theydidthemath 
Chemistry, Thermodynamics, or material science? :D
physical chemistry? 
I know all (or most of you, or some of you, or none of you; I'm not precise here, or speaking loosely) are engaged in personal mental masturbation, but why should we assume Bilbo uses 'half' mathematically, literally in the context of his comment in the book? 

Sometimes in English, the word "semi", although Latin for "half," is thrown around with imprecision as "partially" or "incompletely."   
I laughed emphatically at this. Eleventyone years old!
Tom Bombadil vs the burrow wights 😘
In the movies, the Oathbreakers take away the victory of Men. Therefore, I think the Battle of Helm's Deep is better. 
The Unnumbered Tears (Books)
I love the battle of the Pelennor right up until the dead men of Dunharrow arrive. That scene to me is honestly Peter Jackson's greatest fuck-up in the trilogy.
Helms Deep for me. I get that Pelennor was a culmination of it all.
But Helm's Deep was gritty and so rooted and connected to basic human emotion in the movie. Theoden riding out, Elves coming to help, the three of the fellowship looking after each other and then the eucatastrophic nature of Gandalf riding down.
Throw in the lil bits where Sam talks about the great stories and music... I am giving myself goosebumps

Pelennor with Pippin and Eowyn had its amazing moments too
Pelennor. No doubt about it. The sheer awesomeness of the Rohirrim charging down the host of Mordor is just amazing. The charge of the Mumakil is chilling. And the arrival of the Black Ships is the climax, where the King Returns and saves the White City from doom.

The Battle of the Hornburg is in many ways a prelude or precursor to the Battle of the Pelennor and while good is not nearly as epic.
Helms deep 
Probably Helms Deep because it was very personal, but I think Pelennor had actually better fight scenes. Ride of the Rohirrim and pretty much every scene with the Oliphaunts were badass.
The charge of the Rohirrim is my favorite scene ever.

So much epicness.
I've always loved the battle of helms deep best because of the storyline of tied directly to saruman.
The Lord of the Rings Online!
LOTR Battle for Middle Earth 2 (Real Time Strategy)
LEGO Lord of the Rings! 
Build.mcmiddleearth.com minecraft server isnt really a lotr game, but an amazing represententation of middle earth
LOTR Conquest
LOTR Conquest
I loved the EA Two Towers and Return of the King games. They did a great job capturing the feel of the films. Excellent sound design plus Howard Shore's score, and the graphics were great for the time. The gameplay was hack and slash on rails, but it was done well. And, you know, it was LOTR.
1. Sil

2. Tales of Middle Earth 2 (TOME2)

3. The Lord of the Rings Volume 1 (1990)

4. The War of the Ring (Boardgame)

5. Lord of the Rings: The Confrontation (Board Game)

Return of the king was one of my favorite games growing up. I was not a fan of the combat system in the other LoTR games tho
Anyone remember War in Middle Earth, the strategy game from way back in the 80s?

My brother and I would spend hours playing that game. Primitive by today's standards of course, but great fun at the time.
The Hobbit (2002) is my favorite game of all time.
The mod 'third age' for medieval 2 total war is excellent 
Well, it's not a video game but LOTR Risk is fucking fantastic.  Oh, and uh...LOTRO
The last days of Middle-earth Mod for Mount and Blade (Warband)
Servants of the Witch-King of Angmar!
He lived off the money earned by his ancestors like the great Took.
Bilbo was landed gentry - and his being so was a rather important part of *The Hobbit*. If he was more industrious and hard working then his character wouldn't have worked with the plot. He's supposed to be a bit clueless and bourgeois - silk handkerchiefs and missing his bed, sitting around all day blowing smoke rings and eating numerous meals.
Bilbo is an Old money hobbit.
All of the Hobbits that are primary characters in the story (with the exception of Sam) are very much members of the gentry. I doubt Bilbo, Frodo, Merry, or Pippin, ever *had* to work if they didn't want to. 
Family money.   
Family money.   
No doubt about it, Gandalf would wipe the floor with Maleficent.
Currently Gandalf is winning 98%-2%
The valar decide that its probably best for middle earth for them to not intervene.   The want to leave the world in the hands of the Children of Illuvatar and not govern over them.

Galadriel, like most of the Noldor receive pardon on the Doom of Mandos after the war of the wrath and are allowed to return to valinor.   However she does hesitate, still desiring to rule in middle earth for a while.   Once refusing the ring, she decides that she has proven herself and is ready and willing to return to Valinor
On the matter of Galadriel:

While her history is complicated and changed several times during Tolkien's writing, it is clear that she had no part in the Kinslaying.  
Tolkien made this clearer the more he reworked her history. At some point he wrote that "she fought fiercely against Fëanor in defence of her mother’s kin", her mother being the daughter of King Olwë of Alqualondë.

Later - according to Christopher Tolkien in possibly his the last writing on Middle-earth - he revised her story once more; this time she was completely uninvolved with Fëanor's rebellion, fighting against him at Alqualondë alongside Celeborn and subsequently departing Valinor with the latter.
That's my plan. Buy a nice big plot of land with a normal but nice house above ground. Then build an earthship/Hobbit hole as my guest-house/hideaway. And a converted barn for my nanobrewery/personal pub.   
   
... I've thought about this *a lot*.
I would absolutely do this too. But with a secret door that led to some more high-tech areas, lol. Gotta have a big home theater for watching LOTR, right?
The two aren't mutually exclusive. Think of Brandy Hall or the Great Smials.
Agreed but I would also use a mountain instead of a hill and would build the equivalent of a mansion inside said mountain.

Bonus points if I can find and buy an active volcano!
If the other side of that hill was a wall of windows I'd love it.  Otherwise, the lack of sunlight would really get me down.
I think we all would.  With a secret passage to the giant tower on the other side of the hill.
The hobbit hole's a fun idea, but I think realistically I'd just get some tiny suburban single house in a reasonable, unremarkable area. Pay it off, and then live an easy & modest life of lethargy and reading and gaming, with weekend trips to the good restaurants in the nearest city. I'd totally live like a hobbit, just not... literally.   
  
Guess it depends on how many millions "millionaire" entails. 
Even people who buy huge houses end up sleeping and spending most of their time in a roughly 20x20 foot space. We have this cave man level instinct to just have a small comfy cozy spot..and thats what makes us happy
This would be so awesome
I started reading LOTR for the first time recently and the descriptions of the the Shire has concinced me to move out of the city to s nice wee hose out in a village. 
Kinda unrelated but we're having elections here in Brazil and last week I voted in a hobbit hole https://i.imgur.com/k9qp6Ty.jpg
Millionaires don't necessarily have mansions or hobbit holes lol. A million dollars in assets in a hell of a lot less than you'd think 
I would definitely have a hobbit hole house and then in the backyard there would be a Lothlorien inspired treehouse. I'd also have replicas of all the swords and a pony named Bill. Sometimes I would dress up like Gandalf and take a carriage drawn by Bill around the neighborhood just to mess with people. 
as a resident of the south east USA,  subterranean living sounds like the perfect solution to the ridiculous heat. 
If you build it, you'll invite all of us, right?
If you weren't lazy af - you could probably build that for about 30-50k + the cost of the land 
http://youtu.be/Ix11VQ8f7uY
I'm too tall. I'd go for something like Orthanc. Now if I can only find the remains of an ancient volcano and some good Numenorean workers.
But with higher  ceilings 
You don't need to be rich. You just need time and a little land. 

http://www.beingsomewhere.net/hobbit.htm
I would love to have a hobbit house.
A nice sized hobbit hole equip with a study/library with a fireplace, a trophy room from hunting, a fully decked out kitchen, a bedroom, and a television.
Not 'if'. 'When'.

Fucking believe in yourself!
I don't think you need to be a millionaire to have this. 
But these are mansions, just underground...
I feel like in real life, erosion would be a huge issue for the house in the long term
...too
Fucking peasants 
This has been my idea as well, though I was thinking more along the lines of a bunch of hobbit holes (people-sized of course) for a few choice friends and family to live nearby. Gotta dream big, right?
Seriously, cozy is where it's at. People who buy big, grand echo chambers are doing it wrong.
Two words: sex dungeon.
To be fair a hobbit hole is just an underground mansion
Matamata, New Zealand. 
I would build a secret fort-bunker.

Maybe make the entrance look like a hobbit hole, for disguise
So who wants invest in a giant piece of land, and create our dream homes, and form a community? I may have dreamed about this happening... 
[deleted]
[deleted]
I audibly gasped... so beautiful.
That's the one I have! Be careful not to rip the maps!
Nice.  I bought that one years ago now and am reading it for the 4th time now.
I need this in my life
Is it possible to get all three like that
I've always prefered the Harper Colins published special editions, but that editions is gorgeous!
Here two seesaws are being fabricated. I do not recall seeing these in the Hobbit movies. In the background, the Green Dragon is being built (which is now a real tavern). And the party tree is seen at the left hand side of the image.
This is pretty awesome.

You know it's funny I grew up with the Atlas of Middle Earth, which depicts the walls and a (very) few buildings. It never occurred to me until I saw the movie that there would be a myriad of buildings in the space between each level, after which it seemed obvious.
So I was looking for a decent Minas Tirith wallpaper and stumbled upon this map on google images.. Obviously it has already been posted once 2 years ago.. I didn't see it before tho and I figured some of you guys didn't either so I hope you'll find it as interesting as me :)

 Obviously most of it is made up tho...
Wow... that's pretty neat!

My question is: What is the source?
I absolutely love maps like these. Really wish I could find more. Saw you posted a source, may have to invest.
It gets even better. From far away it'll look like hobbit foot hair!
It's a dangerous business, /u/wutthefolk: going out your door. And if you don't keep your feet, there's no knowing where you might be swept off to...
I like this.
This is very impressive. I'm sure it will end up on someone's back/arm/leg. 
Nice sketch (and go Hawks)
Inktober?
He looks a bit cranky but good sketch all the same!
looks quite nice, thank you ;\^)
I would say nice, but my current location forbids me from complimenting a Hawkeye.
thanks all for the kind remarks, I did this pretty quickly (shown by the sloppy shadowfax) so im going to tune it up and may turn it in to prints if anyone is interested.
Cool minimalist drawing! In case anyone was wondering, Mith translates to grey and Randir translates to wanderer/pilgrim in the Sindarin language. Mithrandir was a name given to gandalf by the elves. Gandalf literally translates to "wand elf" in old Norse but i don't recall who first called him Gandalf in the books. Gandalfs real name (in his native language, Valarin) is Olorin, which is related to the Valarin word "olos," which means "dream."
Very nice table,looked like a lot of work! You should send this over to /r/DIY
So I skipped over this post several times because it wasn't getting much attention and figured it was bush league. 
 
But Holy Shit.
 
That's a beautiful table and an even better post. I'd kill to have a table like that, or even the skills to make something so cool. Nice work.
Concerning hobbits is the best song IMO
First of all, you need to go listen to the rest. Right now. 
 
My favorite is the theme of Gondor during the Return of the King. 
 
I also really love "Far Over Misty Mountains Cold" from the Hobbit. 
I love the hardanger fiddle music from Rohan
Definitely The lighting of the Beacons. The brass and strings work together so well in that song that it almost brings me to tears. Also pairs well with the scene in RoTK. Howard shore is a genius. 
The soundtrack in Moria is some of the best in the whole trilogy. Journey in the Dark does a great job of conveying the uncertainty and fear of the fellowship then when they see Dwarrowdelf for the first time, it rises to this awe-inspiring crescendo that mirrors the looks of amazement on the members of the fellowship. 
My favourite is Farewell to Lorien. The music is just so surreal and sad, as if it tells the tale of the Elves from Fëanor and the Silmarils until their last days in Middle-Earth.
The one thats played mostly when the movie follows gimli and legolas in rohan and gondor
The Breaking of the Fellowship epitomizes the trilogy for me.
Fellowship of the Ring. It has lovely tunes for all my favourite Middle Earth locations. 

Concerning Hobbits is probably my very favourite track. 
The movie would be RotK, individual track is [Lighting of the Beacons](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6LGJ7evrAg)
Best of luck!
God the Hobbit movies sucked 
Beleg's end always felt one of the worst things in the Silmarillion for me.
The artist: http://ekukanova.deviantart.com/gallery/
... Yeah... Even if I squint really hard and imagine it's dark, I'm still not sold Turin could mistake this guy for an Orc. That scene just kills me every time I read it because it's so implausible it's probably realistic... if that makes sense. Somebody mistaking their friend for an enemy, it's so Turin it hurts.
Just as Tolkien pictured it, no doubt. I love it!
Its no better than fan fiction.
Not even *slightly* accurate. It's a fun game, but in terms of lore, it's 100% entirely made-up bullshit.
It's not accurate in the slightest. The whole game's plot is made up from scratch. Some of the collectibles have true-to-lore backstories but 95% of the game isn't Middle-earth at all. 
Nothing in that game is lore accurate
In the real lore Celebrimbor is defeated after Sauron realizes the elves know about his Ring and wages war on their provines in Eregion. I don't know if his demise is ever described but nothing remotely close to SoM.
Seems to be the overwhelming answer I'm getting. The artifacts were a nice touch though I must say, one of very few game grinding collectibles worth finding. Find it strange how the devs made it look like celebrimbor helped make the actual one ring because everyone is saying he simply made the other rings of power and that sauron himself and only himself made the one 
Unbelievably shitty fan fiction.
So they actually settled in mordor alongside sauron? Seems weird to think of mordor as anything but an evil breeding ground / wasteland. I imagine if he had convinced them to side with him rather than destroy them mordor and the whole of middle earth would of been a pretty different picture. I wish back story's were told in more detail, a lot of things that caused massive story developments are so vague in his work 
The first book I got when I was 7 was lotr history and warfare and it told of how many gondorian outposts and cities were conquered. The game is also sketchy on this as it only covers the fall of the black gate which is annoying. Would be interesting to get a depiction of minas morgul and the likes being captured. Mordor is so vast though so I guess it would be hard to show the whole map.  One nice detail however is local slaves from nurn talk about a tower being reborn from the ashes, which is a nice hint at barad-dûr being rebuilt during that point in time 
Half a McGuffin.  

The defining characteristic of a McGuffin is that it doesn't *do* anything, and is important only in that everybody wants it.

In the hands of Frodo, the Ring didn't do anything except make everybody want it. 

But in the hands of Sauron (or anyone with significant power) it would absolutely do something...which is part of why everybody wanted it. It's a little bit of a Golden Snitch (gain possession of this plot device and you instantly win), but it serves a specific purpose.

So in effect, the Ring is not a Mcguffin because its importance is explained, but it **functions** like a McGuffin within the narrative, since it has no usefulness to the person carrying it.

And then to complicate things further, Sam uses it the same way Bilbo did in *The Hobbit*, where it was definitely **not** a McGuffin.

So long story short (too late?)...

Answer 1: No, not really.  Too much information and utility.

Answer 2: Usually it is, but not always.
Could've sworn this read "Is the One Ring a McMuffin?"

mmm one breakfast item to rule them all...
Isn't a MacGuffin defined by being seemingly important without a proper narrative explanation? It is very clearly established why the One Ring is central to the story. 
Sounds like you answered your own question. 
Your question has already been answered. An example of a MacGuffin would be the briefcase from Pulp Fiction. 
Isn't a McGuffin usually something the protagonists are trying to get? The Ring is something they're trying to get rid of.

Also, the Ring is significant to the themes of power and control that are central to the mythos, so definitely not a McGuffin
If you weren't aware Tolkien did start writing a sequel to LOTR, 'The New Shadow' but quickly abandoned it, reasoning there wasn't much of a story left after the defeat of Sauron:

http://tolkiengateway.net/wiki/The_New_Shadow




First, let me preface this by saying I *despise* the idea of someone besides John writing original novels set in Arda.

That being said, in the unfortunate event that it *did* happen, the most likely candidates would be the Second and Fourth Ages.
I suppose I would like to see the more mundane things, since most of history has been told. Most discussions about lotr and Middle Earth as a whole revolve around tiny thing, like courting rituals, technological advancements of non human races, and hobbits. 

So while it by no means would be a bestseller, a book explaining minor details of each race that may have been overlooked during such an expansive world being built would be nice. 
As others have said, no one other than J.R.R. Tolkien should be writing original stories. I like that the subsequent publications have been info on the different misc writings, and versions, and history of what he wrote (HoME series). At most it can be tolerated having an author help fill in gaps to make a full narrative like the Children of Hurin or Silmarillion, provided they don't invent things wholesale. 

Also to answer your question, Aragorn's son Eldarion was mortal. Arwen chose to be mortal so any children they had would also be mortal and not be given a choice (similar to the children of Elros).  

Considerimg there are thousands of years left to the Dagor Dagorath, and many nations ans races in Middle-Earth, couldn't there be a host of cool stuff to happen? 

There are plenty of dwarves, and I believe in the East there are still Avari Elves. Even Greenwood still has the wood-elves.
Use your imagination.  Every story has an ending and this is an exceptionally strong one - lets not ruin it.
Tolkien himself never finished finalizing his 3 big Silmarillion stories; so somebody maybe more fully "fleshing out" Tuor, Beren+Luthien, and Turin would be fitting.

Turin is pretty solidly written as is, hence why we got a standalone book for his story. 

Tuor's story actually involves Tolkien's oldest writings, the Fall of Gondolin, but he didn't finish fully meshing the two together and as such we have a detailed "Turin goes to Gondolin" and then there's a harsh cut to the outline of the rest of the story.

Beren and Luthien's story is told in a poetic, less narrative manner; a novel version of the story could make sense.

I've actually heard that Tolkien's grandson has gotten into writing, and he's pretty good; he read some of his stuff (historical fiction WWII I think) on the Diane Raimes show and it was very different but compelling. He could potentially do something fun with it...
Aragorn's son would be mortal. Arwen like her uncle Elros chose the Doom of Men. And thus like Elros' progeny hers would be mortal. In fact she was mortal before she made her choice. She and her siblings were allowed to delay their choice until their father left Middle-earth.
The Silmarillion stories, notably the Big Three, would be wonderful to see retold in standalone form. The Children of Hurin has been. The Fall of Gondolin has been made into a similar work, but with more interpolation and the Estate allowed only 50 copies to be printed. You can Google "The Tale of Gondolin" and a little searching will turn up descriptions of this, but to see the whole inside you might find yourself shelling out thousands of dollars for one of the rare books.
Middle Earth Roleplaying Game (MERP) fleshed out a lot of details of areas not done by Tolkien. Not really full fleshed out stories, but enough to play a game around. 

I agree that the tone would be different, similar to the Dune series that are now written by Frank Herberts son Brian Herbert & Kevin J Anderson. The newer novels have more action in them as Frank tended to skirt around action or talk about it after the fact. Tolkien did this also (Battle of Five Armies). 

They would have to search for someone who had similar writing style, which is possible but not perfect. If done well I would welcome it, if done badly I would just ignore it. 

I doubt anything like this will happen, or anything (movie/TV) is made out of Silmarillion until after Tolkiens kids have passed and the estate passes to the next generation. 

Although if you think about it, Christopher Tolkien has been the ghost writer for Tolkien, as he filled in gaps for the Silmarillion and anything published after that that was unfinished, he finished so it could be published. 
I have been working on a story, not set in Middle Earth mind you, but it would be very easy to slip it into Middle Earth. I won't because I know most Tolkien fans would murder me, whether or not it was any good. and Also I like Christopher and I don't want to make him angry.
Aragorn's son Eldarion is not Half-Elf. He is a Man, mortal, since her mother choose the fate of Men.
I gave it a listen last week. It was information I hadn't really encountered before, largely about the issues Tolkien had getting LotR accepted in academia and how the hippie movement helped bring it into the mainstream. It's not long, definitely worth a listen.
I was wondering if anyone here had listened to this podcast from a few weeks ago. Basically, its a mini biography of Tolkien, though it mainly covers the parts of his life that have to do with Arda. Fairly short, but well done, I think. They did an episode on Fantasy Maps recently as well. (I believe that this episode, on Tolkien, was supposed to usher in a 6-part series on Fantasy, so Tolkien will inevitably reappear from time to time in the later episodes, as he does in the Fantasy Maps episode)

Link to Fantasy Maps Episode: http://www.imaginaryworldspodcast.org/fantasy-maps.html
Fully recommend this podcast, I've enjoyed it immensely. 
I'm a long time listener of this podcast. I'm happy he finally has started covering the realm of fantasy more broadly! I enjoyed this episode a lot. 
If you want to meet the real Hobbit smoking and eating mushroom in nature while dancing around the fire you better find the rainbow family... And I do remember a friend's dad who was both a little hippie and literary guy having the habit to smoke while reading the hobbit with his friend in his youth. 

Nice podcast OP thanks.

>This was a busy month for voters with a total of 43 people participating!

Nerd enthusiasm is the best. 
Does anyone know where I can watch the fan edited version?
Is this the extended edition edit, or theatrical version edit? I keep hearing how the extended edition is better for the Hobbit, but I feel like it was already too long, are the EEs really that good? 
I am not a fan of the Hobbit films, and they got significantly worse as the trilogy went on. 

I do like this fan edit. It does a wonderful job of righting all the wrongs in the movie.

However, there is no fixing the battle of wits between Smaug and Bilbo. That was my favorite part in the book, Frodo wearing the ring, hiding from Smaug, and then having a back and forth intellectual battle where Bilbo tries to get Smaug to reveal his weaknesses while Smaug tries to get Bilbo to reveal who he is, where he is from, and who he is allied with.

Instead, Peter Jackson decides to have Smaug immediately trick Bilbo into revealing himself and needing to be saved. It destroyed the entire point of the story and made Smaug seem like a clumsy buffoon.  

My god, how much I would love a proper child-friendly Hobbit film made by Pixar.
Is the video quality consistent?  I remember this one coming out right when Battle of Five Armies came out and it was a noticeable drop in video quality when it got to those scenes (although I could be mistaking this for a different fan edit)

Sub question:

Is this the same guy/girl(s) that did the "Durin's Folk and the Hill of Sorcery" edit with all the Gandalf/White Council scenes spliced together?  That edit, for having very little to do with the actual book, was awesome as well.
For those who have watched it.

Is it really that good?

Dose it cut together well? 

Who is cut from the film?
I'll have to watch this when I have the time.  I always said two 120 minute movies would've been perfect for the Hobbit.  But one 240 minute movie sounds good.  Like the LOTR extended editions.
So far your version is the only fan edit I've seen of the Hobbit, and I loved it. However, I see your release date was Aug 2016, and the version I saw, I think, was before then. Did you have an unfinished version out there?  If so, I'll have to check out the latest. Any list of changes you've done over the various versions?

Regarding Durin's Folk (the 1 hour side-story companion to your Hobbit edit), is this a finalized project? 

Keep up the good work. 
This is so great to see. The Maple Films edit was incredible. I can't tell you how happy I am to have a version of The Hobbit that I can legitimately enjoy without wanting to throw something at the screen. Major props u/eldusto84!!! 
You deserve it, man! Well done!
And sometimes the tokin' token Tolkien guy
It really was a great edit. I watched all three hobbit films and then the edit back to back and I preferred this edit by far
Wow that edit looks amazing! I always wondered if the padding was trimmed out of the three films if you could make a single very good film.

Does anyone know if it actually made it out December last year?
where is the actual full movie at?

Yeah, I went to great length to the "Tolkien Edit" of the Hobbit, why is there a picture of Ex_Machina there?
Sorry for dumb question, but is this the same thing as the "Tolkien Edit" that was released last year? If not, what's significantly different?
This is amazing 
Sauron is a spirit, a Maia, and he exists in both the Seen and Unseen worlds at the same time.
Isildur did not defeat Sauron. Sauron was killed in combat against Gil-galad and Elendil. I suppose you can say that Isildur aided in the preservation of Sauron since he did not destroy the One.

 > Gilgalad and Elendil are slain in the act of slaying Sauron. Isildur, Elendil's son, cut the Ring from Sauron's hand, and his power departs, and his spirit flees into the shadows. (The Letters of J.R.R. Tolkien, Letter #131)

Sauron was part of both worlds, both the seen and unseen. In Aman many Maiar were unclad, whereas others were clad in material bodies. Elves too lived in this dual world as Gandalf hints at with Glorfindel to Frodo (Many Meetings). It would appear the Rings of Power in connecting with the unseen/wraith world could slow the effects of time. There are indeed several interesting instances of this dual-world relationship. Tom Bombadil makes the One invisible to the eyes of the Hobbits. Also the Three were invisible on the hands of their bearers. This is seen in Lothlórien and with Gandalf. When their power is destroyed they are all visible on their bearer's finger.

> upon his finger was a ring of gold with a great blue stone, Vilya, mightiest of the Three... On her finger was Nenya, the ring wrought of mithril, that bore a single white stone flickering like a frosty air... on his hand he wore the Third Ring, Narya the Great, and the stone upon it was red as fire. [The Grey Havens]

The Rings were not made for mortals and this is why it affected them so. Extending their lives and invisibility. They are drawn to the unseen. Sauron, Elves, partake in both the seen and unseen.
Is it fair to say we don't have a consensus yet?
At that point in time Sauron was kinda like the ring wraiths as he lost his physical body when Eru destroyed Numenor.  
Invisibility was kinda like a side effect as the main thing it did was to connect the wraith world with ours. (besides the power it held).
[deleted]
Celebrimbor also wore the ring at one point if I'm not mistaken and it gifted him the power of invisibility. Also if the fall of nùmenòr prevented sauron from Taking fair form and only allowed him show himself as a dark lord,how was he able to trick celebrimbor into making the rings of power disguised as an elf
Building on this:

We know from the text that when hobbits and men wear the ring, they become invisible.  

When Sauron wore the ring, it amplified/concentrated his power?

As far as we know, only 6 beings (Frodo, Sam, Bilbo, Gollum, Isildur, Sauron) and 3 races (Hobbit, Man, Maia) ever wore the One Ring.  Could we have expected similar results from dwarves?  Orcs?  Elves?

All this ties into the original question by my best guess being that the ring has somewhat different effects depending on those who wield it (racial characteristics).  Mortals become invisible, Maia gain power (although corrupted), non-maia immortals (elves) ?
Because mortality is a gift from Eru. When Elros was granted it, it was granted to all of his descendants. No less a power then Eru himself can take mortality away once bestowed.
The Half-elves were always mortal, but some of them (Elrond's parents, himself, and his children) could choose their Doom (that of Elves or of Men). Others were not granted this choice (Elwing, Eluréd, Elurín, Dior, and Galador) but one can see from their ends that they were mortal. Galador lived as long as any Dúnadan and Elwing's father and siblings would have been in the Halls of Mandos had they not been mortal and Mandos knowing this said that Eärendil was mortal. 

Elros chose to be mortal and his descendants were not granted this choice. Elrond chose to be immortal and his descendants were granted this choice. Note, however, that this did not extend to the children of Aragorn and Arwen. It would seem that the choice could be repeated so long as one of the parents were immortal, or else not repeated and the state of mortality retained. Sort of like an if, then, else control structure.

If (condition is immortal) then
    
    Choice is passed on.

Else
     
     Condition of mortality retained.

This would make sense in the case of Elrond and his progeny and Arwen and her own, and Elros and his own. The first Peredhil who were given the opportunity to make this choice were 1st, 2nd, and 2rd generation Half-elves. Also it was to this family alone where the choice had been given. Not so with Galador whose mother was an Elf.
I remember reading (Peoples of Midde-Earth) that the judgement of Manwe (after consulting with Eru) was that the choice of which race to belong only really was given to Elros and Elrond. And since Elrond chose to be counted as one of the Eldar his children would be forced to make a choice. When Elrond left Middle-Earth they could choose to sail with him and be counted among the Eldar, or if they chose to remain in Middle-Earth they would live a mortal life and finally die when all whom they loved and had influenced their choice had passed away. But the last part of the judgement of Manwe was that any other children produced from the union of Elves and Men would be automatically counted among the race of Men. So...after Elrond and his offspring, no more Peredhil. This explains the fate of the descendants of Imrazor and Mithrellas.
There shouldn't be *too many* names and places to get confused.  Most editions have maps in them though as well.  All the references to past places/events/people aren't necessarily important to understand in order to understand what is happening in the story.  Don't forget when LotR was first released the readers would have been just as lost. They didn't have a "Silmarillion" or anything to read to learn about people like Earendil.

/r/tolkienfans is currently reading through *LotR* as well. You're welcome to join us!  I personally am always really interested by what new readers think.
Just let it all wash over you. Any time someone talks about history, it's only there to hint at the vast lore behind the characters. One day you might become a huge Tolkien fanatic and you'll know all about Beren, Luthian, the Silmarills, and Morgoth, the fallen kingdom of Numenor and the lost kingdom of Arnor, but for now just keep reading.
There should be a map at the back, and a glossary, for reference.
Good idea, but... language separation is very important. Maybe you can write a script to get the words from the eldamo.org lexicon and convert it to json? This way you would have a separate dictionary for each language.
[removed]
Because living in a land of immortals would just make them even more bitter and resentful of their own mortality. The properties of Aman might also have adverse physical effects on mortals -- allegedly they "would but wither and grow weary the sooner, as moths in a light too strong and steadfast". See [this discussion](https://www.reddit.com/r/tolkienfans/comments/552qg8/about_life_and_death_in_aman_for_mortals/).
Technically, they can. Bilbo and Frodo (and later Sam) did so. Strictly speaking, Hobbits are a subcategory of Men and they are certainly mortal. They all traveled to the Undying Lands and lived out the rest of their days there, dying eventually. It was an edict of Manwë that prevented Númenóreans (or more broadly, mortals) from entering Aman:

>But the design of Manwë was that the Númenóreans should not be tempted to seek for the Blessed Realm, nor desire to overpass the limits set to their bliss, becoming enamoured of the immortality of the Valar and the Eldar and the lands where all things endure.

This exchange from *Akallabêth* especially shows precisely what Manwë wished to avoid:

>And some there were who said: 'Why should we not go even to Aman, and taste there, were it but for a day, the bliss of the Powers? Have we not become mighty among the people of Arda?'
>
>The Eldar reported these words to the Valar, and Manwë was grieved, seeing a cloud gather on the noontide of Númenor. And he sent messengers to the Dúnedain, who spoke earnestly to the King, and to all who would listen, concerning the fate and fashion of the world.
>
>'The Doom of the World,' they said, 'One alone can change who made it. And were you so to voyage that escaping all deceits and snares you came indeed to Aman, the Blessed Realm, little would it profit you. For it is not the land of Manwë that makes its people deathless, but the Deathless that dwell therein have hallowed the land; and there you would but wither and grow weary the sooner, as moths in a light too strong and steadfast.'
>
>But the King said: 'And does not Eärendil, my forefather, live? Or is he not in the land of Aman?'
>
>To which they answered: 'You know that he has a fate apart, and was adjudged to the Firstborn who die not; yet this also is his doom that he can never return again to mortal lands. Whereas you and your people are not of the Firstborn, but are mortal Men as Ilúvatar made you. Yet it seems that you desire now to have the good of both kindreds, to sail to Valinor when you will, and to return when you please to your homes. That cannot be. Nor can the Valar take away the gifts of Ilúvatar. The Eldar, you say, are unpunished, and even those who rebelled do not die. Yet that is to them neither reward nor punishment, but the fulfilment of their being. They cannot escape, and are bound to this world, never to leave it so long as it lasts, for its life is theirs. And you are punished for the rebellion of Men, you say, in which you had small part, and so it is that you die. But that was not at first appointed for a punishment. Thus you escape, and leave the world, and are not bound to it, in hope or in weariness. Which of us therefore should envy the others?"
>
>And the Númenóreans answered: 'Why should we not envy the Valar, or even the least of the Deathless? For of us is required a blind trust, and a hope without assurance, knowing not what lies before us in a little while. And yet we also love the Earth and would not lose it.'
>
>Then the Messengers said: 'Indeed the mind of Ilúvatar concerning you is not known to the Valar, and he has not revealed all things that are to come. But this we hold to be true, that your home is not here, neither in the Land of Aman nor anywhere within the Circles of the World. And the Doom of Men, that they should depart, was at first a gift of Ilúvatar. It became a grief to them only because coming under the shadow of Morgoth it seemed to them that they were surrounded by a great darkness, of which they were afraid; and some grew wilful and proud and would not yield, until life was reft from them. We who bear the ever-mounting burden of the years do not clearly understand this; but if that grief has returned to trouble you, as you say, then we fear that the Shadow arises once more and grows again in your hearts. Therefore, though you be the Dúnedain, fairest of Men, who escaped from the Shadow of old and fought valiantly against it, we say to you: Beware! The will of Eru may not be gainsaid; and the Valar bid you earnestly not to withhold the trust to which you are called, lest soon it become again a bond by which you are constrained. Hope rather that in the end even the least of your desires shall have fruit. The love of Arda was set in your hearts by Ilúvatar, and he does not plant to no purpose. Nonetheless, many ages of Men unborn may pass ere that purpose is made known; and to you it will be revealed and not to the Valar.'



The Valar say that they can't take away the Gift of Man, but we are never given a reason why men can't just stay in Valinor for the course of their lives, and still depart from the world afterwards.
Really nice, how did you make this?
Is that all freehand?
A friend and I did [something similar a few years ago.](https://imgur.com/MGaq61Ah) Lots of errors but still a fun project.
I wonder if this device could also do a similar job http://m.ebay.com/itm/40-50cm-Area-Mini-Laser-Engraving-Cutting-Machine-Printer-Kit-Desktop-500mW-/322253318313?nav=SEARCH


Hey, making this right now! All that fine detail is a pain in the wrist, but you did a fantastic job.
I read The Silmarillion in high school and had to do a presentation to the whole class. Everyone just stared at me like "... wut" when I presented. Good book but it's a hard read. 
This is why I'm glad my copy has a thorough index of names
I have read that book like 4 times, I still don't think I know what went on. And I normally read complex legal cases and have no problem with that. 

I genuinely feel like I need to sit down  with a pen and paper and take notes as I go. 
Love this! i did the same but printed off the family trees and maps (with notes all over them) to save flipping back and forth millions of times
Meanwhile Elrond is back there all like "...dad? :("
Peter Jackson, you know I will always love you, but now you're just making shit up.
Can someone pls explain this to me ?
She looked radiant and powerful in that form in LotR. They went way too far and look like they are trying too hard on the spooky spectre kinda ring wraithy ghosty thing in the Hobbit. Never understood that.

On top of the whole scene's ridiculousness
Frodo could've just 1 v 1'ed Sauron with it then
I hated that scene, but this is a neat touch.
I don't know if there is an actual explanation, but Sam is definitely the least cultured/educated of the group, so maybe he just doesn't know the "correct" way to fasten the brooch.
Does Sam (or Sean Astin) have a different primary hand than the rest of the Fellowship?
PO-
Well, I like the... let's call them visuals, because you can't quite call it 'animation'.
I didn't know the Arkenstone was used to kill Slag
Could've been better.

FTFY
This is Gene Deitch's work. Possibly his best. He also ruined Tom & Jerry for a few years. If I remember correctly he had a contract to do this but was running out of time before the contract expired so he threw this together in a hurry. 
Not much.
It actually wasnt terrible. A different interpretation, for sure, but quite interesting artwork. Itd be great for 5-7 year olds who couldnt stay interested in the story itself.
If you're watching, watch LotR. They were made first and The Hobbit films are made in such a way they assume you've  seen the LotR films, despite it being a "prequel".
You should never watch the Hobbit Trilogy. Ever. Find a fan cut and watch that instead, then you'll skip all the ridiculous bullshit PJ added.
Hobbit films ultimately were a cash grab to appeal to the nostalgia of the LotR films. Watch LotR first, then Hobbit. Or just not watch Hobbit at all.
Ignore the hobbit all together 
I think if you've seen none of them before, you should start with The Hobbit trilogy. Only because of the feel of the films The hobbit starts out quite light and gets a bit dark but not massively. The Lord of the Rings gets dark pretty quickly. I think going from The Return of the King to An Unexpected Journey might be quite jarring.
I just want to affirm that there really are some great Fan edits of the Hobbit trilogy. 
 
Someone else already mentioned Maple Films, and I totally agree. Watch their fan edit version. It takes out all the nonsense and cuts the three movies into one 4.5 hour movie. It goes from a 4/10 to an 8/10, no joke.
 
Edit: Just google Maple Films The Hobbit. It's free to watch in HD on their website. 
Watch the hobbit first and then lotr. Most people here will shit on the hobbit movies, but they are actually really well made, just less serious than lotr
The best way to watch the movies is to not watch the hobbit at all. The second and third movies are steaming piles of shit that violate everything Tolkien's book was.

The lord of the rings movies are significantly better, though still not as good as the book.
It's sort of like Star Wars with the prequel situation. Even though The Hobbit technically comes before the LOTR chronologically, the movies are made in such a way that they expect you to have seen the main series first.

So, watch the LOTR trilogy first, preferably the extended version. Then follow it up with The Hobbit trilogy.

That said, I would echo the other sentiments here... The Hobbit trilogy does not really hold a candle to the LOTR trilogy. I would recommend finding a fancut that condenses the film down a bit and cuts out all the extraneous nonsense.
Ah, thank you all!!! I did not expect such an in depth talk about it. I appreciate all your insights!!!
No. That's how you get something like the *endless* tedious battles in BoFA. People you don't know or care about fighting... and fighting... and fighting. 


Sure.
Would have been cool, yes, but not necessary. I think it's a very effective prologue as is.
If they ever do a movie about Numenor and the second age, it could end with the Last Alliance (note: I realize this will never happen).
A ton of CGI and battle scenes, but sure! 
Woah woah waoh, RES says "x-posted from /r/wow to /r/lotr' now, that's super useful. 
Or just play Lord of the Rings Online and do it for real!
And my axe!
Original post 

https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/55dvo8/who_will_join_me_on_this_epic_quest/
https://scontent-lga3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/t31.0-8/10864005_10100272936066418_4013025248583385980_o.jpg

I will do it! I will take the Ring to Mordor! ...Though I do not know the way... nor how to destroy it without losing my own arms. 
[Easter egg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwxKaviDrCw). 
As far as i know, there are two hyphothesis:

- Sauron never even remotely thought about the possibility of someone destroying the ring. He became so evil that he couldn't understand goodness anymore, so basically he *knew* that people would have used the ring rather than destroying it. For instance, he thought that Aragorn got the ring and was trying to defeat him with it. I don't like this hyphothesis though, Sauron is like the master of deception, it seems unlikely to me that he didn't thought about the possibility of a deception against him.

- Sauron knew that no living creature on the world could ever willingly destroy the ring, since its influence was exceptionally strong. Maybe even Elrond would have failed to toss it if he had it instead of Isildur, maybe even the good Sam. In fact, Frodo failed to do it and only chance and luck made it happen at the very end (in the books, there is no conflict after Gollum gets the ring, he just starts jumping with joy, makes a step too far and falls).
I think Sauron was completey correct that "no mortal or immortal could ever willingly destroy the ring". That is why Mount Doom was not even guarded. All the powers of Middle Earth passed on the ring (Gandalf, Galdriel, Elrond). They knew the ring would beat them. Even Frodo failed at the end - he couldn't destroy the ring when it came time). NO ONE COULD DESTROY THAT RING WILLINGLY.

The victory came not because Frodo, or Aragon, or Gandalf succeeded in war. They were victorious because Bilbo and Frodo had pity in their hearts for Golumn. Both saved Golumn when they had a chance. Both times the correct action would have been to kill the wretched creature, but life was victorious over death. Love was victorious over hate. The song of Iluvatar was more powerful than the song of Melkor and encompassed it. Melkor and Sauron were defeated by the good in the world. Pity and love. Not by power. Melkor and Sauron rejected love and pity and that rejection of the creation of Iluvatar was their down fall.

I don't believe Iluvatar interfered and pushed Golumn into the lava. That was just the way Iluvatar's will was carried forward by his creations, using love and pity. Golumn just fell, that is all.

Therefore Sauron never had a chance of winning. The battle was lost when Melkor tried to overcome Iluvatar's song. Iluvatar plays the long game. Defeating Melkor with his own weakness (lack of love and pity) and with the least of his creations; Hobbits, whose whole life was about happiness and love, not hate and power.
I think it was his lack of empathy that lead to his defeat. If he were in the fellowship's place he would've used the ring for himself, so he couldn't imagine them doing anything else. If Sauron knew they were going to destroy the ring he could have easily guarded the entrance to Mount Doom. 
Fate plays a large role in the story so I guess there was never really a chance for him to succeed but if anything had stopped the hobbits from destroying the ring he would've won.
Well, he had the armies of the West sorely outnumbered. 

It was basically an Act of Eru. There is no way in hell Sauron could have contemplated anyone doing a victory jig in Sammath Naur and falling into the lava below.
Sauron was always evil, but his evil blossomed when he joined Morgoth. There was never any goodness in him. Even before he left the Blessed Realm of Valinor for Middle-Earth, he was Morgoth's chief servant. 

The moment Sauron put all of his power into the One Ring, he sealed his fate. His whole existence depended on the survival of the ring. The only reason Sauron feared Aragorn was because he was Isildur's heir. So even if Sauron was able to possess the ring again, his fear of Aragorn would still remain.
Personally I love Sting, but of those 2 I'd pick Glamdring.

In this case, however, the only opinion that matters is yours
My college friends bought me Sting as a wedding present, and I love it.  I think between the two you've listed, I might lean towards Glamdring (but Anduril would be pretty sweet, and it's more iconic and important to the story of LOTR.  Owning "the sword that was broken" in your home would be pretty cool).  Personally, I do love owning Sting.

http://imgur.com/jKphNBn
Never knew about this website. Thanks! Also buying Anduril myself now, if that helps you decide, haha.
I'd absolutely go with Glamdring, but there are two versions of it on that website. Why is the Hobbit version more if they're the same sword?
I'd put my vote in for Sting as well, I got it for my birthday and love it. Of the two you list, I'd say if you're only going to ever own 1 sword from the trilogy, then I'd go with Anduril, since it's also famous from that story. If you plan on purchasing more later, you can go with the goal I have and try and get the 3 swords from the Troll cave (Sting, Glamdring, and Orcrist)
Anduril all the way. Its the flame of the west, and if you're American I think that's pretty ironic.
Thanks, for your responses, I think I'm gonna go for Glamdring. I love the Sting too, but the other two swords are bigger so I just thought they'd be more epic as you walk in the room.
Just get every weapon and just change them out. That's what I'm doing.
Where and for how much do I get one?
Back Door of Erebor sounds like a Tolkien themed porn.
It is unlikely to be made into a film for both storytelling reasons (very divisive, jam packed story following a bunch of largely self serving arrogant immortals, written as more of a creation myth/historical chronicle than straight forward story, packed with religious symbolism and a very dark, epic tone that would need a massive budget to do things justice and would be unlikely to attract the financing of a studio or the interest of more casual viewers, that's assuming you could even wield the dense story into a script that fans actually liked, there's so little dialogue and character interaction on a personal level any film would be more fan fiction than adaption anyway) and for the legal reasons-assuming what I've read is true it literally won't be made into a film for decades:

According to this article the complaints and concerns of Christopher Tolkien and the Tolkien Estate about the previous films were more complicated than mere issues with the LOTR scripts, legally a Silmarillion film might not even be possible:

http://nerdalicious.com.au/books/why-peter-jackson-will-never-film-the-silmarillion/

> Tolkien has become a monster devoured by his own popularity and absorbed into the absurdity of our time,” said Christopher Tolkien. The chasm between the beauty and seriousness of the work, and what it has become, has overwhelmed me. The commercialization has reduced the aesthetic and philosophical impact of the creation to nothing. There is only one solution for me: to turn my head away.

>They eviscerated the book by making it an action movie for young people aged 15 to 25. And it seems that The Hobbit will be the same kind of film.

>I was in my father’s office at Oxford. He came in and started looking for something with great anxiety. Then I realized in horror that it was The Silmarillion, and I was terrified at the thought that he would discover what I had done 

Christopher Tolkien is co-author of The Silmarillion under copyright law (not sure about the other books which he edited):

>Christopher Tolkien holds the authorial copyright on The Silmarillion, not J.R.R. Tolkien. Harper Collins has confirmed with us that, under current copyright laws, the copyright will therefore not expire until 70 years after Christopher’s death, and not in 2043 when the copyright on the works of J.R.R. Tolkien will expire. (Updated 25/01/14)

(Which might mean he'd be able to put in a clause in his will asking that the rights to The Silmarillion etc are kept in the family, and not sold until his copyright passes into the public domain, I'm not an expert on copyright law, but either way I think it will be a very long time before we see any of the other books be adapted into blockbusters for both legal and monetary reasons).

And like his father before him he is an former Anglo saxon scholar and lecturer at Oxford university, Christopher was also given complete creative control by his father in his will to:

>"publish edit alter rewrite or complete any work of mine
which may be unpublished at my death or to destroy the whole
or any part or parts of any such unpublished works as he
in his absolute discretion may think fit and subject thereto"

>He also (wisely) urges the executors to keep his copyrights in the family if at all possible.

http://sacnoths.blogspot.co.uk/2009/12/tolkiens-will.html

So i.m.o he's simply cautiously protecting his father's literary interests in the way he deems most appropriate, if you look at Tolkien Senior's comments regarding mooted adaptions and drama as art form at large, I think it's fairly likely his viewpoints are in line with his fathers.

http://www.theonering.net/torwp/2013/06/03/72359-what-would-the-professor-have-thought-of-peter-jacksons-version-of-the-lord-of-the-rings/

Interview with Christopher Tolkien: 

http://www.worldcrunch.com/culture-society/my-father-039-s-quot-eviscerated-quot-work-son-of-hobbit-scribe-j.r.r.-tolkien-finally-speaks-out/hobbit-silmarillion-lord-of-rings/c3s10299/


Also this old thread on a Tolkien forum is enlightening, giving an apparent insight into his views on the films, extracts quoted below:

http://forums.theonering.com/viewtopic.php?p=4029495#p4029495

>''CT and the Tolkien Estate/family get nothing whatsoever from video games, soundtracks, merchandise, collectibles, action figures, bobbleheads, Burger King cups etc etc etc. The only rights Tolkien pere retained was to the books themselves, and a certain royalty payment on the films' gross profits* (which apparently doesn't count merchandising). Yes, book sales have increased. 
 
>''To the main point: I am in an awkward position here, because CT has shared with me his opinions of PJ's work (not TH, of course). His criticism is pages and pages long, and not complimentary. At. All. Unfortunately, I simply cannot share any of this material publicly. All I can say in very broad terms is that CT feels that all the themes that to him make the LR important are completely submerged in the movie behind frenetic motion, chases, fights and shrieking choirs (and in one major case, poor casting). But he also has some very cogent things to say about the alteration of characters and the poor rendering of particular scenes stemming from PJ's apparenlty poor understanding of the book; I find HobbitUK's comments a bit amusing because CT actually does know rather a lot about cinema, and his suggestions would have been great improvements on what PJ did. Yes, that's a seeming oxymoron- and the reason underlying the lawsuit

>I think you'll find that matters have already been arranged to forestall that. 

>In any event, no studio would ever, ever, ever give an author final cut, and mean it* (look at the way Disney swindled P L Travers on a similar contract provision over Mary Poppins)- it would be honoured as sincerely as 'profit percentage', i.e. not at all. CT in this is *not* being shortsighted- he's being a realist.

>Besides, I think you fail to understand the position taken by CT: that no adequate film adaptation of the LR (much less the Silmarillion) could be made, and that's not an issue of battles and monsters vs. technology; it simply doesn't translate its essence to film well at all, or at least not a film which could remotely hope for sufficient boxoffice to cover its costs- and Hollywood very much cares about Cash over Art. No studio is ever going to make a Tolkien movie as a money-losing labour of love. 

>All you're really arguing, near as I can tell, is that CT should just surrender to the commercial pimping and sell out like Audrey Seuss, on the grounds he and the family can't resist forever. Well, maybe that will in future decades prove to be the case but that does not mean one shouldn't nonetheless "fight the long defeat." 

>*And that point is, explicitly, CT's opinion

>Christopher doesn't care whether book sales increase. He really doesn't. He would rather accept The Silmarillion going out of print than see it kept afloat on the back of movies like PJ's (yes, he said so)''

It is worth noting the Tolkien Estate are currently engaged in an ongoing lawsuit with Warner Brothers, so they are very unlikely to want to do business with that particular studio again:

http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/thr-esq/warner-bros-can-sue-tolkien-835296

I came across this in a AUJ review, it best sums up my thoughts:

>I think adapting any portion of The Silmarillion would be substantially more complicated–and controversial–than adapting The Hobbit was. The Biblical tone of much of the work is likely untranslatable to film, as is the sense of narrative remove and the vast swaths of time involved. I think an adaptation of The Silmarillion that is true to the superlative creative core of that specific text, while also in keeping with Tolkien’s broader vision of Middle Earth, would probably look something like Terrence Malick’s The Tree of Life (2011)–in other words, it would require experimental shooting and narrative techniques and would be panned by most of those inclined to enjoy Hollywood’s present, big-budget take on the epic. So much of what seems dry and factual on the page would need to be presented as ethereal and impressionistic on the silver screen, and I don’t think Tolkien fans would have the patience for it. 

>To the extent the stories of The Silmarillion are, in situ, a mythological haze that hangs invisibly over Middle Earth–reified in song and statue, yes, but never touched, in their essence, except in the waking and sleeping visions of individual dwarves, elves, goblins, orcs, wizards, and men–you wouldn’t want to falsely crystallize them into what could easily look like a Middle Earth documentary. Shall we tell the story of the Founding of the World as though it were the Battle of the Pelennor Fields? Reimagine Valinor using a simply more sumptuous version of the existing Rivendell set? Can we speak of the beings in The Silmarillion, let alone portray them in film, as just grander versions of the Heroes of the Fellowship? No; if you’re going to cast a film almost entirely with gods, godlike creatures, and legendary personae, you have to employ a visual style that establishes these entities and the events they produce and move through as being somehow beyond our immediate understanding. Jackson would likely not be the appropriate director for such a work, as too many expectations incongruous with such an adaptation already attach, even now, to his projects. We would need, instead, a director, and a screenwriter, with whom our expectations would run much closer to what we’d call an “art house film.” 

>So I guess I’d say that, failing those prerequisites being met, I don’t think I’d want to see The Silmarillion adapted at all. And so I can’t predict which stories from the book I’d most want to see adapted, as the style of adaptation I’d consider most appropriate would constitute an artistic vision well beyond (at least in cinematic terms) my present understanding or my ability to anticipate. 




I pray for this to never happen. Silmarillion is way too beautiful to become a movie.

I don't want any of my imagination to be overriden by movie characters, places, voices, songs like happened with The Lord of the Rings. I will never read to Frodo again without seeing Elijah Wood's face.

I don't want to read The Silmarillion and see Turin Turambar, Fingolfin, Beren or Lúthien and all the others with holywoodian faces. I don't want to look to Peter Jackson's Gondolin or Angband and lose what my mind has created.
I don't think a "Silmarillion movie" would work at all. There's simply too much material, and the cuts would have to be too severe to even call it The Silmarillion anymore.

Now there could be potential to take certain stories from the Silmarillion and make standalone movies. The potential for these to be butchered would be very high, but it's at least possible at a conceptual level.

Some of these potential movies could be:
Beren and Luthien
Turin

And my personal favorite idea would be a movie about Numenor and the second age. It could start with a prologue showing the War of Wrath similar to how LotR started with a prologue of the last alliance. It could show how Numenor developed, and all the interactions with Sauron would actually help tie it in to LotR very effectively. They could even show Sauron forging the rings with the elves and then corrupting Numenor and getting it destroyed. And then the end of the film would show the Last Alliance.

Of course this will never happen, but It's the one extra movie that I would like to see if another is ever made.
No admittance except on film business
Really thought it was going to have something about party business.
Hell, they made me *sign* a confidentiality agreement
I was going to share my experience on MySpace but it looks like I can't anymore , shame 
This strikes me as a very lenient arrangement. How many movie sets under construction allow tourists in and let them take pictures? 

It's so mildly threatening, and basically it just means do whatever you want just don't be an asshole.

I can't imagine such a thing was ever enforced but on assholes asking for it.
I was there in 2010, can confirm. It looked the exact same as it did in LotR though so I never really understood all the secrecy.
So OP is about to get sued
I was there six years ago today. Signed the agreement, posted the photos anyway. 
And those movies were total shit, anyway. How could Ian McKellen, Peter Jackson, New Zealand and everyone else behind those flaming pieces of trash possibly fail us so? Oh yes, children+dumbass average American appeal=$$$.
Lesser known Sequel

The Hobbit 4: Lord of the Bees - Extended Extended Edition. 
Back when fellowship came out there were these promo shots of moria goblins outside and another pic of wood elves stood over their bodies, presumably cut scenes from the flight to Lothlorien. None of that is in the extended edition though, so probably just a photo shoot .

What were we talking about?

Oh yeah, I guess tons of stuff was made that never made it in.
I took this picture some years back when Hobbiton was being rebuilt for the Hobbit movies, I don't recall seeing this in the movies anywhere. Did I miss it?
Im not sure if they are the same ones, but you can see some beehives in the Desolation of Smaug when they are running to Beorn's house.
If they were, they would be Beorn's.
This is really good
The movie mud pit thing is weird and wrong.  Orcs reproduce the same way everyone else does. So it would take a while to fully replenish  his army.
We don't actually know much about how Saruman bred the Uruk-hai. Characters in the novels speculate that Saruman bred orcs with men to create the Uruk-hai, and they imply that orcs can breed quickly, but we really don't know. Saruman can't have been breeding them for more than a handful of years, since that would have been increasingly difficult to hide from the White Council. It's possible that breeding groups of them together took long periods of preparation, or that Saruman *was* breeding more Uruk-hai when Isengard was attacked but they just weren't ready.

It's also possible that he rushed his offensive for any number of reasons, but it certainly seemed rushed. Remember the siege of Minas Tirith? Sauron spent a lot of time preparing for that assault, and he used a lot of different tactics for its duration. Among his advantages was time; Sauron's siege lasted a few days and was working naturally even despite the arrival of the Rohirrim until Aragorn arrived with the Black Ships and his reinforcements from elsewhere in Gondor. Compare that to Saruman's siege of Helm's Deep, in which the Uruk-hai are incredibly aggressive and basically just rush the fortress with their siege engines. When you've encircled a castle and your enemy is trapped inside, time is usually on your side; Saruman could have starved out the Rohirrim given enough time. But maybe there was some reason he couldn't. He might have been aware of the fact that there were a great number of Rohirrim scattered throughout Rohan under different leadership which could, if mustered, break his siege. That would explain why he acted in haste during the siege, but it doesn't explain why he chose that time to attack at all unless you consider the possibility that Saruman knew his best chance was to attack fast and hard before his foes could mount a proper defensive to counter him. Add to that the fact that Saruman was moving his forces in preparation to assist Sauron's imminent conquest of Middle-Earth and we can see why he felt rushed. 

So, take all of that and think about Saruman's position. He thinks his best chance is to hit hard and fast; in fact, his master demands it. So he expends all of his forces on a full offensive that lasts a very short period of time. It seems unrealistic to expect more Uruk-hai to have been bred only during the assault on Helm's Deep, and if Saruman had already bred them they would have been sent along to that battle. Given all that, it makes sense why Saruman loses, and the breeding of the Uruk-hai is almost a non-factor.
They were some breed from orcs and goblins or idk they could wake in daylight and they used all their resources to make the army pretty much and the entire army of isengard got sent to helms deep and just a few days later the ents attacked isengard so there wasn't a lot of time to build up an army again
I assume you're referring to the final Hobbit? I got the sense they were trying to cram as much extra scenery in as they could before saying goodbye to Middle Earth. 

As someone who could watch three movies of nothing but Middle Earth scenery, I did still find this kind of obvious and distracting.
The extended version is better. In the final 10 minutes of the film you really could see where they had cut out material. 
Nice, I love it!
Not to be weird, but you're really cute and the tattoo is only making you cuter.
If I remember correctly, the ROTK talks about there being farm lands that are worked by slaves and orcs in the Eastern and Southern parts of Mordor. 
 
I would imagine that after some time, Mordor would be inhabitable by normal people.
Well, for 1400 years Mordor lay empty and abandoned in the Third Age after Sauron's defeat by the Last Alliance. Gondor built many fortresses to watch over the Black Land, including Carach Angren, Torech Ungol and Durthang. I would imagine for those 1400 years Mordor was empty with very evil creatures dwelling within its desolate confines. The Dunedain no doubt kept a close watch on Gorgoroth both from Carchost and Narchost as well as via the Palantiri which remained solely in their hands until well after the Darkwatch was abandoned.
If we assume the inhospitable nature of the Gorogoth Plateau is natural and not caused by Sauron, perhaps we might look to the Atacama Desert in South America. 

Though only a few hundred miles from the Pacific Ocean, this region is situated between two mountain ranges, creating a double rain shadow that cause to the area to lack almost any precipitation (some areas have never even recorded rain ever!). It is the driest non-polar desert in the world, and while the is life on the arid fringes, the are areas where nothing grows.

Now, while the Gorgoth Plateau likely is not as high as elevation as the Atacama, you'll notice on any map of Middle Earth that this area of Mordor is almost completely surrounded by mountains. This means almost no precipitation, so no water, no plants, no animals, no life. The fringes are likely more arid than absolute desert (those flies in Morgai have to subsist on something) but the central area around Barad Dur and Mount Doom are likely forever barren due to climate.
It would probably be ok. Volcanic soil is actual super fertile (some other commenters have mentioned the Sea of Nurnen, which was bordered by fertile farmland), so when Mount Doom isn't constantly erupting, the entire country isn't being geared for war 24/7. Remember, in LOTR we only ever see the area around Barad-dur, which was Sauron's home base. Regardless of whether you want to say it was awful because of Sauron's corrupting presence, industrialization, volcanic ash from Mount Doom, etc, Mordor is large enough that it can't all be the same geographically.
SOM is getting a bad rep here. People are saying it goes against the rule that men were gifted mortality and that only god could change that.. but it isn't the first time Sauron has done such a thing. In the lotr he does this to the 9 nazgûl. It isn't exactly immortality either. Talion and the nazgul are no longer normal living beings. Also, I think it's a clever idea to see a wraith fight back against the evil which created it.
Moria had been under the control of orcs for hundreds of years previously. Balin led an expedition into Moria to attempt to reclaim it circa 30 years before The Fellowship, and they only lasted about 5 years before being overrun and killed. Gimli probably never knew the expedition had died, though the dwarves at the council of Elrond knew that *something* had gone wrong. Gandalf almost certainly suspected it because he knew how dangerous Moria was.
> I am sure that the gold/jewellery coming out of Moria would have stopped.

I don't recall any suggestion that they ever restarted. They mention *finding* precious metals including mithril but not much more than that.

Balin's book seems to indicate the colony was never secured and was under low intensity attack the entire time it was there, until the end where it clearly stepped up.

So after Smaug takes Erebor, Thorin's grandfather lead the dwarves to retake Moria against the inhabiting goblins. I believe they won at heavy cost and couldn't afford to take the entire city. Thorin's grandfather dies and his father goes delirious and starts wandering. Thorin lead the remainder of his people to live a life as simple blacksmiths and workers until he gets comfortable enough to attempt a reclamation of Erebor. 

Moria was later reclaimed by Balin. However, Moria still had orcs, Balin was shot by one, and his party slaughtered. Communications had ceased. Gimli was optimistic that he was successful, but Gandalf rightfully feared that the worst had happened. No one knew the fate of Balin until the Fellowship showed up.
Gandalf didn't make bombs like the one Saruman made because Saruman did not make bombs. You've run into the fundamental problem with asking questions about the implications of actions characters take in the movies: that so much of those actions are invented for the films.

Saruman did not make a bomb. Not in the sense of what you're imagining (having seen it in the second film), not something with a 'recipe'. What Saruman did is through some vague and ill-defined means manage to be responsible for a relatively (comparing to what you recall from the movies) small hole being made around the drainage gate from the *stream* that ran under the wall. This drainage gate was wide enough for Orcs to have crawled through it to get behind the wall earlier in the battle, and had been plugged with stones by the defenders.

We do not know what happened in the culvert gate. 'Fire of Orthanc'. 'Devilry of Saruman'. This is what the characters (who also have no idea what happened) call it. It is vague. Tolkien liked being vague about certain things, and magic was one of them. For all we know, Saruman gave the Orcs a box he had spent the last ten years whispering 'boom' to as he fell asleep (note: not how magic works in Middle-earth). Maybe it was some type of chemical or alchemical explosive.

When the films decide to focus on one of those ill-defined things and make a big deal out of it (as they did here, with that olympic torch nonsense) and exaggerate it (as they did here, with the wall being cloven in too and people flying in the air and screaming their death wails), you can only really take it as it is when you think about it self-contained. Once you start asking questions, like why no one else ever decided to make wall-breaking bombs, the only real answer is to force yourself to ignore it. Otherwise you get compound invention and the whole secondary interpretation of the world falls apart.
Another answer regarding the bombs is that Tolkien was a staunch environmentalist. To him, industry and modernization at the expense of nature and traditional values was evil. This is why the Shire is good, and Sarumon is evil with his mass production of weapons, armor, and even life. 

Bombs could be seen as somewhat unnatural, and this is why the corrupted Sarumon used them. If Gandalf used them as well, he would be no better. 

This also somewhat explains why technology went mostly unchanged in 3000 years in Middle-Earth.

PS. Yes, I know Tolkien was a soldier and surely used grenades and the like, but that doesn't mean he couldn't still feel this way. 
P.S. Also, why didn't he use magic that much? During the "Gandalf the White" scene he seems to have really strong magical abilities; shielding from axes, arrows, making swords heat up on a distance, why not do the same to the orks? Or does it work only with a single person [the one in focus]? 

Sincerely looking for answers if there are any, NOT a troll I promise ;)
Thank you all for your informative replies!! Really cleared up things for me.
Like we have already established, there were no bombs in the books. 
BUT say there were. 
I don't think Gandalf would have known how to make bombs because he wasn't as knowledgeable about creating things as Sarumon. Gandalf is a Maia who followed the Vala Nienna. Nienna mourned for all the evil in middle earth and turned sorrow into wisdom. That's why Gandalf is so wise. He spent all his time with one of the most wise Valar before he was sent to middle earth.
But Sarumon is a Maia who followed Aulé the Vala who loved the earth and created things. Aulé is like the main craftsmen of the Valar. He actually created the dwarves. So Sarumon would have a mind to create and control. 
So just because Gandalf is a wizard, i don't think he was a wealth of information about creating stuff. 
You clearly never read lotr 
Perhaps he needs calm and less distraction to pull off the good magic. Maybe in the orc fights he doesn't want to blow his magical load so to speak, then be limp for when the big boys come to play. Seems to me he does some pretty spiff stuff at need like locking the door on the balrog and blasting the nazgul with white jizz when they are attacking Faramir.'

I woundn't make the assumption that he knew the recipe for the bombs. 
Boy I sure can't wait to see them posted all over this sub ten thousand times.
Remember they won't be bobbleheads. He only reason Star Wars and Marvel ones have to be bobbleheaded is because of the existing Hasbro action figure license. These will be regular non-bobbleheaded ones just like the other LOTR/Hobbit ones Funko has made. 

Personally, I'll be passing on these since I'm out of the Funko game. 
The real question is do they hunt the Demasmeagol or the Smaugagorgon?
Love the double title switch.
Original author is /u/joba_fett
I've been seeing gifs on FB w/ these lights for weeks, thank you for finally making me understand it's from Stranger Things (still haven't decided to watch it yet)!
SO GOOD
I LOVE THIS
This fits my name perfectly 
This!
I've got a different tattoo in the same place, it's a little sore towards the shoulder and elbow but in the middle it's plain sailing.
Bill the pony! 
Have the same tattoo, just from elbow to wrist instead, on the inside of my forearm! I love it everyday. It was my first, and I'm ready for more!

Good luck!
Since you're posting this on the internet, I assume you're open to all suggestions? Buy a poster or t-shirt instead of permanently marking your body... you're 19. If you still want this tat at 30 then go for it.
I'm 19, and this will be my very first tattoo. I'm extremely nervous I've been told by many that it's gonna be painful. Somebody calm my nerves lol.
Wow, you must really love peter jackson
If you want more book suggestions I'd also reccomend:

- The History Of The Hobbit by John D Rateliffe
- The Letters Of J.R.R Tolkien
- The Atlas Of Middle Earth by Karen Wyn Fonstad
- JRR Tolkien: A Biography, and The Inklings both by Humphrey Carpenter
- Tolkien And The Great War by John Garth
- The Annotated Hobbit by Douglas A Anderson
- The Lord Of The Rings: A Readers Companion, and The JRR Tolkien Companion and Guide both by Wayne G Hammond and Christina Scull
Those are some pretty large books, almost the size of Anduril
Children of Hurin!
a world map? like in a frame? 
Sweet, thanks for the info
What were those things on the top shelf? I've never seen those before..
Expensive?
Yeah. Buy me this set as well!
How about the one ring or the evenstar?? Or Aragorn's sword !!
a book on how to take pictures maybe
Spoilers? No need for a spoilers tag.
Yeah dude there's no spoilers
He looks, and acts, like such a genuinely nice guy. 
Samwise has aged 
OMG if he comes to the University of Minnesota next I'll flip.
I hope he comes to ISU.
Cool! Is he learning, teaching, or just visiting? 
Is it me or does it look like Sam Wise is packing
[removed]
Seems like a logical next step. 
Did you read the appendices too? At least read appendix A
I guess I should read them too then.
I would have read the Hobbit first, then the LOTR, but it is fine. You can read the Hobbit next. Then onto the Silmarillion. Don't forget about the Appendices in the LOTR. I would read that after the Hobbit though if you haven't read it by now. 
Why did you cry? 
Saruman the Hella Chill
nice
Wow, that's seriously good!
A literal interpretation of this title is...odd.
The old images of the hobbits always crack me up. Good find!
Those are great. They look very similar to the characters in the old animated movies. Do they have a date stamp on the bottoms at all? 
I can't figure this out. Can you find a banana please?
It wasnt filmed using cameras suited for 3d, so it would have to be post-production created 3d, which probably wouldn't look great.

Probably not.
If it is possible and it would make more money then probably.
Ok here's the deal...

>Seeing as the most widely accepted theory of how the orcs came into being is being tortured elves by Melkor, 

Being widely accepted doesn't necessarily make it the most accurate.    ;)

That theory is "the most widely accepted" simply because it appears (in vague terms) in the most widely know book (of those that mention orc orgins anyway). In other words, it's more widely accepted than other ideas because more people have read just *The Silmarillion* than there are people who went through all 12 Volumes of *History of Middle-earth*.

For Tolkien in his later life however, Orcs from Elves was basically just a rejected idea, along with Melkor creating Orcs from nothing/from Stone.  Orc mortality/immortality played a part in this.

>Orcs.

>Their nature and origin require more thought. They are not easy
to work into the theory and system.   
(1). As the case of Aule and the Dwarves shows, only Eru
could make creatures with independent wills, and with reasoning
powers. But Orcs seem to have both: they can try to cheat
Morgoth / Sauron, rebel against him, or criticize him.   
(2). ? Therefore they must be corruptions of something
pre-existing.   
(3). But Men had not yet appeared, when the Orcs already
existed. Aule constructed the Dwarves out of his memory of the
Music; but Eru would not sanction the work of Melkor so as to
allow the independence of the Orcs. (Not unless Orcs were
ultimately remediable, or could be amended and 'saved'?)
**It also seems clear (see 'Finrod and Andreth') that though
Melkor could utterly corrupt and ruin individuals, it is not
possible to contemplate his absolute perversion of a whole
people, or group of peoples, and his making that state
heritable.(2) [Added later: This latter must (if a fact) be an act of
Eru.]  
In that case Elves, as a source, are very unlikely. And are Orcs
'immortal', in the Elvish sense?** Or trolls? It seems clearly
implied in The Lord of the Rings that trolls existed in their own
right, but were 'tinkered' with by Melkor.(3)      
(4). What of talking beasts and birds with reasoning and
speech? These have been rather lightly adopted from less
'serious' mythologies, but play a part which cannot now be
excised.    
[...]   
But again - would Eru provide fear [souls] for such creatures? For
the Eagles etc. perhaps. But not for Orcs.(6)


----

>Moreover, the Orcs continued to live and breed and to carry
on their business of ravaging and plundering after Morgoth was
overthrown. They had other characteristics of the Incarnates
also. They had languages of their own, and spoke among
themselves in various tongues according to differences of breed
that were discernible among them. They needed food and drink,
and rest, though many were by training as tough as Dwarves in
enduring hardship. **They could be slain, and they were subject
to disease; but apart from these ills they died and were not
immortal, even according to the manner of the Quendi; indeed
they appear to have been by nature short-lived compared with
the span of Men of higher race, such as the Edain.**

*Morgoth's Ring* [Emphasis mine]

Yet, despite this last quote, we see Azog who lives well beyond the span of the Edain, unless Tolkien meant Edain the likes of Elros.  Then again, *The Hobbit* at its inceptions was never intended to really be a part of the legendarium so it's also possible this quirk can just be discarded.

In truth, an Orc origin was never firmly decided upon. Their mortality and nature (redeemable vs irredeemable) were big issues. Though later writings lean towards Mortal, and a rearranging of the timeline to have Men awake early so that they could be a source.  
No they're not immortal. There is not much about their lives or lifestyle but if they were immortal I'm sure we would have heard about it. 
They aren't immortal. Tolkien wrote in an essay that Orcs had a short lifespan compared to the Númenóreans.
They're corrupted elves, so...yeah.
What. No.
Slightly off topic, but don't let anyone convince you that Ent-draught is a good replacement for breast milk.
That's awesome. I wish I followed Twitter enough to enjoy this. Looks like they have a Facebook page, but it hasn't done posts there since 2012.
Brian Blessed for both.
Danny DeVito and Kaitlin Olson; clearly no other choice.
Tom Bombadil would HAVE to be the late, great Robin Williams. No clue on Goldberry though.
It's a tough one to figure out, but I think I would have cast Jason Flemyng as Tom Bombadil. Saw him recently in Primeval and he had this sort of mischevious quality to him that made me think he'd be good for Bombadil (with wig, beard and maybe prosthetics, as per usual LOTR film procedure). For Goldberry I'd cast Emily Kinney today, but she'd have been too young probably back in 1999 lol.
Jack Black as Tom Bombadil. Bouncing around singing all the time, silly but with a certain intensity, and he's worked with PJ before.
[deleted]
Jeff Bridges, and perhaps Mia Wasikowska or Saoirse Ronan
Brian Blessed for tom

Natalie Dormer for Goldberry
I think Elizabeth Olson or ~~Misty Day~~ Lily Rabe could play Goldberry. As for Tom Bombadil, I think it would make a lot of people happy if it were Stephen Colbert, himself included.
I'm going to step outside the acting sphere and actually cast freak-folker Andrew Bird as Tom. Goldberry, hell. Let's keep it indie with Joanna Newsome.
John Goodman as Tom Bombadil
I might give John Rhys-Davies a third character.  He's already Gimli and Treebeard, but I think he'd make a great Tom Bombadil as well.
Peter Jackson as Tom Bombadil. No question. 
Is there really any question as to who will ultimately win this thing? 
I'm tempted to sticky this so we can use the community help push Gandalf through to win. 
I bet the final will be Gandalf vs Maleficent. 
Only people I see that would give Gandalf a run for his money are Urza and Raistlin.
"You shall not pass!"


Ironic given the whole power vs. magic situation.
Looks like he's crushing this round too. 
I'd certainly put Dumbledore over Sabrina the Witch
It's gotta be Howard Shore. He did so well with LOTR, better than anyone else could have done. He's the only person in my mind that stands a chance. 
 
Zimmer and Trevor Jones would be a close fight for a distant second place, IMO.
Howard Shore is the obvious answer, however I happen to think that Jeremy Soule could do just as good a job. 

If you're not familiar with his works, listen to the soundtracks of the last three Elder Scrolls games. He understands what fantasy is supposed to 'sound' like, and his music can make the hair stand up on the back of your neck and give you some serious feels.
I mean.... Howard Shore. There's just no question.
I think Howard Shore could definitely pull it off. Heck, I can't prove it, but I think he read the Silmarillion before writing the music for LOTR. The orcish themes in his work sound like Tolkien's description of Melkor's song in the Ainulindale.  
> And it seemed at last that there were two musics progressing at one time before the seat of Ilúvatar, and they were utterly at variance. One was deep and wide and beautiful, but slow and blended with an immeasurable sorrow, from which its beauty chiefly came. The other had now achieved a unity of its own; but it was loud, and vain, and endlessly repeated; and it had little harmony, but rather a clamorous unison as of many trumpets braying upon a few notes.

Dethklok - Who is more metal than Melkor?
I think nobody could do it better than Shore, but Jeremy Soule and Tilman Sillescu would be my backup choices.
Blind Guardian. They did a Simarillion album (Nightfall in Middle Earth) and were apparently being considered for the movie soundtracks before Shore.
Howard Shore would be great obviously, but I will also give a nod to Ramin Djawadi.  I mean his work on Game of Thrones S6 was TRANSCENDENT


I love Howard Shore, but my vote for The Silmarillion would be Martin Romberg. He excels at creating compositions for Elvish songs like A Elbereth Gilthoniel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UbU0n8E4Hcc
Not to subvert the question, but I would truly rather it be somebody I haven't heard already. There are so many talented composers out there, it's really unbelievable. We should give more new talent a chance instead of hyping the same four or five guys that everybody already knows from the stuff they've already done in the popular fantasy/sci-fi that we already like.

But if I had to choose a composer I already know, I'd have to say that I'd be interested to see what Ivan Torrent would bring to the project.
Eru Illuvatar

I have to admit, when I read the opening of the book, I always think of Bach's [St John Passion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SiKgrevzT-g) opening.
Howard Shore. But if I had to pick a second, Jeremy Soule for his insane Elder Scrolls soundtracks. That shit is majestic as fuck
Nobuo Uematsu
My choices would also be Howard Shore. Jeremy Soule has also been mentioned by a few people to, and I have to agree. 
My vote would be for anyone *but* Hans Zimmer.
I would love to compose it saying as it just as likely that I will compose a major motion picture as it is for the Tolkien estate to release the rights.

That being said, if it was filmed, they would film the whole book, they would film Children of Hurin or The Lay of Berin and Luthien.  And even then those story lines would be compressed to make it a cinematic experience that could earn a rate of return that would make it a good business venture. 
Jonny Greenwood!
I'd be interested in hearing what Alexandre Desplat could do with it, purely based on his work on Tree of Life.


[Justin Bell.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WYMLvmilS24&index=7&list=PL0w2QA7IXPn7g2Bu3IQ2vt2MTLfJbGEpg)

He may tend to borrow quite a bit from Shore, but I'm a huge fan of what he did with the Pillars of Eternity score.

The song I linked to freaks me out by how much it is able to inspire my cold dead horrible terrible black vengeful heart.
Shore. To me it seemed line the score he created was exactly what should have went with the motion pictures. I think I love the score more than the movies themselves. But if he weren't able to do it, then Hans Zimmer for sure.
Videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r54xejr?feature=playlist)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[♫ Lord of the Rings - Edoras](https://youtube.com/watch?v=SLxeNktacYs)|[8](https://reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/54xejr/_/d86e41w?context=10#d86e41w) -  Zimmer   Really? I honestly find Zimmer to be one of my least-favorite big-name composers of the current era. He's so...celery. Celery is the word I'm looking for. His pieces (especially 2008-present) lack the same kind of showmanship that other fam...
[J.R.R. Tolkien, Choir Music, A Elbereth Gilthoniel](https://youtube.com/watch?v=UbU0n8E4Hcc)|[5](https://reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/54xejr/_/d85xibg?context=10#d85xibg) - I love Howard Shore, but my vote for The Silmarillion would be Martin Romberg. He excels at creating compositions for Elvish songs like A Elbereth Gilthoniel:  
[J.S. Bach: St John Passion, BWV 245 - Bach Collegium Japan, Masaaki Suzuki (HD 1080p)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=SiKgrevzT-g)|[3](https://reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/54xejr/_/d860pxb?context=10#d860pxb) - I have to admit, when I read the opening of the book, I always think of Bach's St John Passion opening. 
[Blind Guardian - Sacred Worlds (HQ)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=CFZ_Uyqbr4k)|[3](https://reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/54xejr/_/d86mope?context=10#d86mope) - BG does amazing orchestral work. 
[Pillars of Eternity Soundtrack 07 - Twin Elms (Justin Bell)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=WYMLvmilS24)|[3](https://reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/54xejr/_/d85uhvy?context=10#d85uhvy) - Justin Bell.  He may tend to borrow quite a bit from Shore, but I'm a huge fan of what he did with the Pillars of Eternity score.  The song I linked to freaks me out by how much it is able to inspire my cold dead horrible terrible black vengeful hear...
[John Williams - Anakin's Betrayal (Star Wars Soundtrack) [HD]](https://youtube.com/watch?v=muehxvezYmI)|[3](https://reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/54xejr/_/d86ml2z?context=10#d86ml2z) - Unpopular opinion: Williams is nothing if not predictable. Laymen/non-musically inclined people could probably hear the Superman theme played over Indiana Jones and not notice. He's great at what he does, marches and fanfares, but I've never heard an...
[Thin Red Line - 01 - The Corall Atol](https://youtube.com/watch?v=FxgjZwTse48)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/54xejr/_/d86g89f?context=10#d86g89f) - Listen to the soundtrack of The Thin Red Line, it's breathtaking to me.    
[Davy Jones's theme song](https://youtube.com/watch?v=5fe9W1gZPUs)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/54xejr/_/d86mfob?context=10#d86mfob) - Batman's one of his more boring works for me. One of my favorites is his Davy Jones theme. It's a pretty simple motif that just repeats with key and dynamic changes, but each time it does, I feel the inner turmoil that the character does. It's like a...
[Clint Mansell - Death is the Road to Awe](https://youtube.com/watch?v=vr0NBPRMe2E)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/54xejr/_/d86avxt?context=10#d86avxt) - For something as epic as the creation myth? Clint Mansell, hands down.  Among his work are the soundtracks for The Fountain, Requiem for a Dream, Black Swan, and Mass Effect 3. Death is the Road To Awe is my favorite piece of his. It's long, but noth...
[Enter Lord Vader](https://youtube.com/watch?v=rcNhLTFnLZI)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/54xejr/_/d88gpkd?context=10#d88gpkd) - I don't disagree, but the Imperial March finds itself in so many different prequel themes that it takes away from that. More than that though, I don't hear any particular melodies in it that stand out (other than the hint of Imperial March), as somet...
(1) [E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial OST E.T. Is Alive](https://youtube.com/watch?v=rqYys6TdAW0) (2) [Empire of the Sun Soundtrack - Suo Gan (Original)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=NY_v93S_Xfg) (3) [Jurassic Park Soundtrack-10 A Tree For My Bed](https://youtube.com/watch?v=-ekfJbWrnGM) (4) [Saving Private Ryan Soundtrack-03 Omaha Beach](https://youtube.com/watch?v=L_6pxRAKwsE) (5) [Anakin's Theme - John Williams](https://youtube.com/watch?v=6_rzI7Y_NUs)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/54xejr/_/d88f710?context=10#d88f710) - Dude, I could list so many tracks by John Williams that would throw your argument out the window. He is arguably the greatest film composer of all time...to suggest that he doesn't hold a candle to Shore or Zimmer is pure ignorance.  Here are 5 track...
[The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King CR - 15. The Lighting of the Beacons](https://youtube.com/watch?v=ZgJYNveHOYU)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/54xejr/_/d88foe2?context=10#d88foe2) - I've heard all of those. I'm an avid listener of scores in general and of JW in particular. As I said, those are all great, but pretty in-the-box John Williams material. Shallow. None of them have the musical or emotional depth of something like The ...
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Play All](http://subtletv.com/_r54xejr?feature=playlist&ftrlnk=1) | [Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | Get it on [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf) / [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/mentioned-videos-for-reddit)
Shore, maybe Austin Wintory. 
For something as epic as the creation myth? Clint Mansell, hands down.

Among his work are the soundtracks for The Fountain, Requiem for a Dream, Black Swan, and Mass Effect 3. [Death is the Road To Awe](https://youtu.be/vr0NBPRMe2E) is my favorite piece of his. It's long, but nothing beats that crescendo, at least in my opinion.
Joris de Man.

Dude is an absolutely incredible modern composer who would be able to bring that world to life through music. 
Bear McCreary
A name not mentioned yet: Daro Marianelli. His work on Kubo and the Two Strings was excellent.
Paul Anthony Romero!
Thomas Bergensen!
Danny Elfman score with incidentals by Mark Mothersbaugh.  Also, the film should be entirely analog stop motion a la *Coraline*.  
Howard Shore featuring Sigur Rós
FUCK. THAT. A Silmarillion movie would probably be the shittiest film ever made.
I have to go with Pharrell. You heard that Despicable Me score right?
For this piece, the composer needs a general outline, and then the movie should be constructed around the music. I think *The Silmarillion* would work better as an animated series (anime, not Disney).

But I would KILL to see a live-action version of *The Children of Húrin*.
If there are they haven't  done enough research.    ;)

 Tolkien specifically says Eru is nowhere embodied within the story.
I disagree on both counts. While I understand the motivation for the changes to Aragorn's character, I still don't like them. The Aragorn who made a measured decision to look into the Palantir and to take the Paths of the Dead doesn't seem at all like the Aragorn who is uncertain of his destiny just a little while (in movie time) earlier. 

I hate the changes to Faramir's character and find them completely unnecessary. I have to skip a significant section of The Two Towers because I can't watch him dragging Frodo and Sam to Minas Tirith. The whole point of Faramir, from a narrative perspective, is that he's better than Boromir in every way that matters for being a leader (wisdom, patience, strength of will, morality, planning skills, people skills, choosing the right approach for a given situation--even obedience), yet Boromir is the favored son. What good is Faramir as a character if he's even worse than Boromir? Denethor's favoritism and bull-headedness isn't as obviously wrong when Faramir is so weak and wish-washy.

Plus, movie Faramir isn't nearly awesome enough for Eowyn, but book Faramir is. :)
I definitely enjoyed the way Aragorn and Arwen were fleshed out more in the films. Good call on PJ to push back Aragorn's actual "king" arc and the reforging of the sword to RotK.

I'm not a fan of what they did to Faramir though. Movie Faramir is more than flawed, he's downright useless... He didn't really make a single positive contribution anywhere in the movies and was essentially just a weak version of Boromir; all of Boromir's negative traits without any of the positive. Even his "redemption" when he lets Frodo go is kind of weakened by the fact that he already wasted so much of Frodo's time.... It's like, oh, you let us go, when you should have done so in the first place, but you dragged us to a war zone full of orcs and Nazgul, and now we're miles off our path and we were delayed for days.... Thanks bro. Really appreciate it.

In the books, Faramir is a very distinct character from Boromir, helps Frodo out, and it helps cement the fact that, maybe, just maybe, humans aren't completely beyond hope after all, that not everybody out there is hungry for power.
In the books Aragorn had been proving himself in various endeavors over the years "*He was a great leader of men, by land or by sea*" (The Stewards) such as serving under Théoden's father Thengel, and working under Denethor's father Ecthelion ll. 

> Aragorn, the greatest traveller and huntsman of this age of the world. [The Shadow of the Past]

In Gondor strength in a king was a big deal which is one of the major reasons Eärnil ll was taken over Arvedui of Arthedain for King. The characters do have their flaws. Gandalf berates Frodo for wishing Gollum had been killed, Gandalf had been deceived by Saruman, Theoden too, and Denethor was a bit hard on Faramir, Boromir could not except the idea of trying to destroy the Ring.
As a book-firster, I always thought the changes to Aragorn and Faramir were largely unnecessary, and played more poorly than the rest of the adaptations. I never really bought Aragorn as a hesitant King, because the Aragorn I grew up knowing was only waiting for the right moment to step into his destiny. It's interesting to see how someone who perhaps saw the films first found it an integral part of his character instead of obviously grafted-on.
Im one of the people who likes both versions. I do like the changes to Aragorn in particular. 
I only recently finished the books...and movie Faramir is forever ruined now. 
Gandalf was referring to the rings that Sauron corrupted (I.e. the nine and the seven).  Sauron never touched the 3 elven rings, but had to put the majority of his power into the one in order to control what was done with them.  

So the three could be taken off and thrown away if their owners were of a mind to do so.  The original owner of Gandalf's ring was Cirdan the shipwright, who gave it to Gandalf to use with his work against Sauron.  
I'm pretty sure Gandalf was just referring to the One Ring and not all the rings, but I could be wrong.
The extended editions are great! I've never gone back, myself. The films are subtitled and not dubbed here in Scandinavia so I've always heard the English voices, and I was pretty surprised when German friends told me it was difficult to find a cinema that showed The Hobbit in English. I knew dubbing was a thing in German but not that it was the norm. 

Hope you enjoy it! 
I can't stop laughing at "Der Herr Der Ringe"
Have fun
Aw man, you're gonna love the extended versions, especially the Lord of the Rings.  Have a great time and make sure to also watch the special features.
I had to purchase all except The Hobbit for a class I'm taking. Best college course ever.
I have that dictionary! Oh goodness the artwork is just lovely
Just want to note that David Day is not highly regarded for his reliability (to put it kindly).  The art ([aside from the "Lungs Map"](https://www.reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/1khgtf/on_the_subject_of_maps_good_and_bad/)) is generally good though.

I have that same copy of *LotR*. Makes for a great 1 volume reading copy.
Awesome! I have the exact same grey book as you do and it's just absolutely amazing! It was really my stepping point into LOTR, as it was so much easier to read all at once Instead of as separate books
those look nice
Nice! Where can I get these? I've seen this style of book at Costco before, is that where you got them? 
I have the dictionary I want the atlas next 
Those covers are beautiful - are they part of a set?  I've never seen covers like that before.
I have that version of the book too!
Anyone know where i can get that copy of Lotr. I think it looks beautiful.
Daaaaaaaamn
David Day is my favorite companion author to The middle-Earth related books. Not to mention his covers are friggen amazing.
Mod Note: Please resist the urge to report this just because you don't like it. Down vote and move on, okay? And while we're at it, lay off the stupid comments about hipsters and nerds. It does not make you look superior, just jealous. 
If you get a chance do the Weta tour in Wellington. You won't regret it. We did it a couple of years ago.
The fact that it only goes 8-10 feet back, dirt floor etc. seems like a missed opportunity.

How much would you be willing to pay to honeymoon in a fully furnished Hobbit hole from LOTR?
Need moar pictures!
I remember being knocked over by how beautiful NZ is. Considering anyone else - especially today - would have shot most of those films on a green screen, I can't imagine them being made anywhere else. It was dialed up for the movie but New Zealand just . . . looks like that. It's amazing. If you get down to Canterbury the Edoras location is exactly as it appears on screen. Just with more cattle.
What does the inside of it look like!? I've been so curious 
The tour that we went on had a family with small kids, maybe 7 and 9yo kids, they were turds, running in and on the gardens, trying to get into the hobbit holes etc.

After we stopped by the bar and got my complimentary mead and cider (my wife doesnt drink so i got hers too) i had the idea that i would fart on one of the kids heads,   it wasnt as epic as the famous reddit vers I on of the same act, but they blamed each other and i felt satisfied.

My wife was also impressed, let me put my mead 'n cider
Man I live in New Zealand and I haven't even visited yet. Maybe I'll treat myself next holidays with a trip there. 
I live in New Zealand and this is still on my bucket list 
I feel like i would just start uncontrollably sobbing. 
I had the opportunity to travel all across NZ seeking out as many [LOTR film locations](http://www.deviatingthenorm.com/blogarchive/2015/3/12/lotrnerdnorth) as possible. 

It was amazing to not only see all of these unbelievably beautiful locations in person but to imagine all the caravans of camera crews and trailers and crew traveling far and wide to reach some of these locations. For example, the trek out to Mt. Sunday (location for [Edoras](http://www.deviatingthenorm.com/blogarchive/2015/5/7/lotrnerdsouth)) was down a long, dirt road, so off-the-beaten-track I can't believe they even bothered! But all these locations clearly paid off for the epic shots. 

I also loved experiencing what the crew and actors and stunt doubles likely went through walking these areas. If you have the chance to go to NZ ever, you'll quickly realize the second you step off the road and walk across the fields of NZ, you get stuck by all kinds of burrs and thorny bushes! It's insane how prickly the landscape is! And all those gorgeous, green, rolling hills are so inviting, but you walk across them and realize they are [riddled with sheep poop](http://www.deviatingthenorm.com/blogarchive/2015/2/5/northroadtrip1poo)! 

Experiencing what the actors and crew likely went through first-hand was just awesome. I wouldn't trade it!

Edit: Added a link to some photos and words I wrote on the poopie fields of NZ :)
So jealous.That's on my bucket list too.
Seriously now, is it worth the trip? Because I'd really love to go there and feel what you felt I suppose, anyways, hope you enjoyed it!
As a guy who has decided to travel as much of the world as possible I don't really have a bucket list or even a list of what I'd like to see in the places I go. The only exception being Hobbiton. I have to see Hobbiton. 
I was confused when I opened this and it wasn't from GTA V.
You look a lot like Dan Rykert
Can't see a scratch on the door from Gandalf. I'll give you a 9/10
Jealousy level: High.
do you know sean
It's an awesome tour, hey? Our guide had worked on set and had heaps of interesting stories. The quality of the place is amazing.
I envy you OP! Getting to go to the Shire AND looking like Conor Mcgregor!
I'm so jealous!
I worked there for five months as a guide, best experience ever. 
Congratulations sir, i hope it was as beautiful and innocent as i think it is.... whats it smell like? Please say doo and christmas
Is that Dan Rickert?
I just want to live in that fucking house, is that too much to ask? IS IT WORLD? **IS THAT TOO FUCKING MUCH?!**
And you went there and back again?! Should've stayed, right?
That is a bloody beautiful beard! 
I'm so glad someone got to go!! Whenever I come across something
bucolic in my world, I always think...ah, just like the Shire...
So awesome!! Thanks for sharing :)
You lucky, lucky bastard!!! 
I went to the Shire too.  I must say, it is one of the few places that is actually more beautiful in person, than it is in the movies...
Where did you get your glasses from? I've been looking for something along these lines but everything I've found has thick rims.
Lol this picture is perfect. It looks like a [selfie](http://prod.cloud.rockstargames.com/ugc/gta5photo/8118/ByC-kF99s0259ZDnpIBvbQ/0_0.jpg) from Grand Theft Auto 5.
Pretty cool pumpkin.
Was it worth it?
I've been there! it was amazing, a little disappointed that there was nothing inside the houses though. Overall super cool experience
Damn, looks a lot better than when I saw it.
Oh man my life would forever be complete if I visited there. Congratulations friend. 
The exact same picture was sent to me by
 my dad in that same "selfie" spot 3 years ago.  He is such a fan and I can't wait to show him this!
Are there still streamers in the party tree? They were there when I visited in 2005. 
I would love to see in the movies...
I'm so envious and frustrated by said envy that I wanted to cry. I hope you had a wonderful, magical time!!
Facebook.com
I like your jacket.
Way to go young Letterman!
My cousin worked for The Hobbiton Tours and would routinely hotbox the inside of Bag End.
[removed]
It's too bad you're not excited about it...
[removed]
I too am rereading FoTR right now!! 
Right on! Mine in the photo starts off as black and when it gets hot from the liquid it goes white and reveals the script. It's quite fantastic to watch every morning haha 
I've also got a cool LOTR mug. I'll post it another day!
The Palantiri are quite different though, and each is a bit different.  But the main difference between then and facetime, is you don't necessarily need a receiver on the other end.  
im just imagining denethor going up to the stone after the fall of osgiliath, trying to cut his losses or whatever, and all he finds is a message from sauron:

"gg ez"
A Seeing Stone could look into a room if it was not dark (get your peeping Tom on), was like powerful binoculars, but they were also draining on the users. Denethor's use of it gave him the "*appearance of premature old age, first observable when he was not much above sixty years old, although he belonged to a race and family that still normally had longer lives than other men*." (The Palantíri) When Aragorn first used it he looked wasted, "*so startling was the change that he saw in him, as if in one night many years had fallen on his head*." (The Passing of the Grey Company)
Probably giving facetime too much credit. The Palantiri are implied to be capable of (or at least to facilitate) looking across time and into the minds of others, as well as looking at places with no other device connecting.
I definitely feel like a round cellphone would be pretty killer. 
I would say the Palantiri are facetime, if facetime required extreme mental and emotional toughness and stamina just to briefly operate.
Boromir. I feel he, along with Théoden, best embodies what it means to be a Man (as in, of the race of Men) in Tolkien's world.

Boromir is brave, strong, honorable, and loyal. He is also capable of great compassion. Boromir would give his life to save the people he cares about, or even anyone for whom he feels responsible.

Still, on the other hand, Boromir is proud, impatient, and a bit of a dick. He does not seek power for its own sake, but he *does* enjoy the glory that being a powerful warrior brings. In a way, Boromir is a man with a hammer who views every problem as a nail. That way of thinking is what leaves him susceptible to temptation, but his noble qualities win out in the end.
Eomer.
 
He is such a damn cool character. He is one of the youngest men to  become marshall and he has the foresight and wisdom to help Aragorn and Gimli and Legolas when he meets them in his land. During the battle of Pelennor Fields, he learns that his Uncle was killed (and thinks his sister is too) and goes on a berserk rampage with his host of riders, literally screaming death while riding over the ranks of orcs. 
 
And after the battle ends, he takes up role and King Eomer, and goes on to become great friends with Aragorn, who refers to him as a brother. He continues to fight beside King Elessar through his reign as King of Rohan, and was given the surname "Blessed" because of the peace and prosperity he saw during his reign as King for 65 years. 
 
Lastly, he was only in his mid 20s when he accomplished all this. Younger than any of the other characters. 
 
Edit: Also, I really loved Karl Urban's portrayal of him in the films. 
My favorite character from Lord of the Rings is Aragorn, and has been since I read the books as a kid. He embodies everything I think leadership should be about, strength, compassion, loyalty and knowledge. Movie Aragorn does pretty good with these traits, but with a much larger dose of uncertainty and self-doubt, which makes him a bit more relateable, all brilliantly played by Viggo Mortensen.

Close second would be Eowyn, and favorite character from the whole Tolkien canon would be Idril.
Gandalf -- because he's one of the cleverer characters in the books, and because I love his sense of humor and how snarky and cranky he can be; but also because there's just something appealing to me about the idea of this angelic being, who existed before time began and literally helped sing the universe into existence, taking on human form and palling around with a bunch of hobbits without ever revealing his true nature.
Treebeard.  His wisdom and age combined with his moral purity.  He's like patience personified.  He is strong and a leader, but is still a tree herder.  
I would definitely have to say Samwise Gamgee, he is extremely loyal and committed to the task of looking out for Frodo as they make their journey. There's two specific times he won me over:

1. End of The Fellowship when he goes after Frodo even though he can't swim. "Don't you leave him Samwise Gamgee, and I don't mean to"

2. His speech to Frodo in the Two Towers. "There's some good in this world Mr. Frodo, and it's worth fighting for"

And it was confirmed when Sam carries Frodo up Mount Doom. He's a genuine friend, and an even more genuine person(hobbit).
Bill the Pony.  Because he's *awesome.*  He's so cool he even receives the blessing of a Maia of Manwë and Varda (Gandalf the Grey) at the Dimrill Gate.  
Felagund is my favorite. He's just a cool guy.
Without question, Galadriel. I just fell in love with her from the first time I saw her, way back at age 13 (I'm 51 now). But, believe it or not, it never was a "sex thing," but more to do, I think, with her goodness and her tremendous power, in addition to her great beauty. But... that's the thing about her: She's beautiful in just about every way a being can be, and I can't help but admire that.  
Gimli, son of Gloin. I love his humour in the movies, and in the books, I  was happy to read how he and Legolas' friendship grew. In the book, you can really sense the great friendship they had, even more than in the movie. That was a real bromance.
From LotR only, my favorite characters are definitely Théoden and Gandalf. The first because of his honor and fury combines, and the latter because of the wisdom, cleverness and kindness. 

Coming in close are Elrond, Treebeard and Pippin, of all characters. 

From the wider world, I like Finrod and Fingolfin a lot, and Lúthien with her badassery. 

My favorite name of all is "Elros Tar-Minyatur". 

But above any other characters, I hold Círdan in the highest esteem because he is an ELF with an awesome BEARD.
Faramir. I love how he is undoubtedly good at what he does (fighting, leading men) yet he clearly does not enjoy it. He's the sort of guy that truly fights because he must. 
Also, beautiful Uglúk! with his corteous way of speaking to people.
Quickbeam.  I like that his temperament is at odds with the other ents.  His passion for his tree herd and his fellow ents is so relatable and he also seems like one of the more badass warriors of the ents.  Plus his name is cool.
Denethor the politician.
old Barliman Butterbur! for his constant ramblings. 
I like Gandalf because he's wise, knows much more than he ever tells, wants nothing but good for everyone, and still enjoys life's little things like pipeweed. ;) I've always loved wizards, but Gandalf might be the reason I like them so much!
Eowyn.  She accomplishes as much as many of the named male characters, and because of her brother and uncle (and cousin) has survived just as much.
Theoden. All sorts of badass in both novel and film.
Really it's a tie between Celebrimbor and Sauron.

I love the fact he created the rings for the elves without Sauron's knowledge and to me that makes him a hero

Sauron on the other hand I love his story and I also enjoy rooting for the bad guy from time to time
I have to say Faramir and Gimli. Gimli's humor and confidence make him so lovable. As for Faramir, he's such a great guy and I feel so sorry for the way Denethor treats him. I'm also super happy when him and Eowen get tigether after Aragon hilariously rejects her with his "It is but a shadow and a thought, that you love."
The grand scale of Pelennor Fields makes it epic, but the way they did Helms Deep just makes it feel so real and chaotic. It had a real sense of battle and suffering and reality.  
 
I also don't like the way they took away the victory from Rohan at Pelennor and gave it the Army of the dead.
I'd say Pelennor Fields, if only, just for Theoden's epic speech (which gives me goosebumps every time).
Battle of Helm's Deep. The dynamic of the battle is pretty cool and I love the scene of Gandalf coming in from the mountain.
Pelennor up untill when the ghost army arrives
Movies? Helms Deep. LotR books? Pelennor Fields.
Can I put a vote in for a third option and pick the battle on the slopes of Orodruin in the prologue. It has a great mythic quality to it, it looks brilliant and was really not something I expected to see in the first few minutes of the film. The battles and wars of ancient Middle Earth have always interested greatly and it was really cool to see one done in live action (even though it was greatly condensed from the book-verse lore).
Hornburg would have to be my favourite battle in the trilogy.

Everything about that battle was brilliant. The tactics the Uruk-hai used, the bond between the 3 members of the fellowship, the heroism displayed by the defenders, the way Gandalf and Eomer rode in at the end of the battle. Even the struggles that were faced by Theoden and his men were beautifully portrayed. Sure, the heroes had some plot armour going for them, but overall there is enough death on both sides to keep the battle realistic. 
The last march of the Ents.

Don't think I need to elaborate further...
Pelennor Fields, despite the siege of Minas Tirith being underwhelming. The ride of the Rohirrim is possibly my favorite scene in any of the movies, and the first scene of the Mumakil is badass as hell.

Helm's Deep was probably better, though. It was much more personal and had a lot of variety. I've never liked the Gandalf-led charge, though. I think it just barely crossed the line from epic to cheesy
I think the battle at Helms Deep was the best. Very detailed. Everything about the scene is doom and gloom and it plays on the same gloom in every one of Rohan's warriors, waiting for what was likely their death. 

Great buildup tension until the battle actually starts.
The battle in the Mines of Moria has always been my favorite. It's the first real fight (and only) fight you see when the whole fellowship is together. They showcase each person's contribution to the fight, from Sam's frying pans to Aragorn's orc decapitation. It's one of the few scenes in the movie not underscored by music so each action seems exceptionally...staccato. There's been a lot of build up to it, basically starting back at Mt. Caradras (sp?). Helm's Deep and Pelennor are beautiful in their own rights, but I think Moria is so much smaller in scale that the intensity of each action matters so much more. The Mines are steeped with history that we only get a small glimpse of in the movie with Balin's death and Gandalf's allusion to the Balrog. It always made me want to know more about what happened and why, beyond just 'delving too deep'.
Hornburg. It feels much more respectful of Tolkien's desire to make his battles reflect the harsh, horrible reality of his experiences in WWI.
Balin's Tomb...Sure, it's just the fellowship against a whole bunch of goblins, but it is incredibly memorable!
Films-hornburg(helms deep)

Books- pelannor fields. the descriptions of the battle are fantastic, read the passage where eomer sees the black ships and Then the flag of Elendil is unfurled on the lead ship, Eowyn and merry vs the witch king. The description of  the leader of the haradrim. Theodens Death.
Which fair?! That's awesome haha, I'll be going to the one in Tuxedo NY this Sunday. Last year I tried to try on the Sauron helm they have, and instantly got reprimanded. 
Wow, talk about cosplay goals!
I know now what I want to be for halloween
lol gandalf jumping off an eagle "WILDCARD, BITCHES! YEEEEEEEHAW!"
Tolkien received a mug with this Poem written on it as a gift from a fan. He never drank from it, because it was inscribed with the evil Black Speech.
Where do you get it? We wants it!
I think it's a second print of the first edition. Most book club editions of books are second print. 
I picked one up over the summer for a similar price as well. Was really excited, they're not worth a great deal due to being published after LOTR & The Hobbit. I'm really happy to own one nonetheless :) 
Does a book club edition really count as a "first edition"?
Hi! Your post made me come out of my long lurk. 
My grandad owned the printing shop that printed these designs!! I think they're Tolkiens original drawings. Not sure though. 
I have all the trilogy and Sil and hobbit of this edition at home as well as some other things like calendars and Tolkiens doodle scans. 
If anyone's interested I can post some pictures :) 
Nice find!  But 50 platinum is a bit over priced for a book.
I have the same for similar price, although if it's like mine it's actually a First Edition second print, some corrections were made after the first print, it should say on the inside. 
A little background: 

That is a book club edition, like Book of the Month Club or Literary Guild. ("Buy 4 books for $1 and you only have to buy four more at regular price during the next year.")

Book club editions had/have different (cheaper) print runs than publisher's editions. They were not sold at retail. 

Source: I belonged to a couple of book clibs in the 1990s. 
Book Club Editions are not usually 1st editions.   Sorry to say, but this is unlikely to be worth much.   They are separately printed not by the original publisher, often lower quality, and are generally shunned by book collectors.
I found the same one first edition at a local used bookstore though not in as good condition.  Great find
Nice! Looks like it's in good condition. I'm pretty sure that's the first English edition. I have the first American edition that has a different [cover](https://pictures.abebooks.com/isbn/9780395257302-us-300.jpg), I got it for $11 on ebay.
Wow, awesome! You should crosspost this over at /r/fantasy...Lot of LOTR fans over there.
Looks like mine used to. I lost the dust cover though 😂
Nice find. Looks exactly like my own first edition copy. 
Got the very same version at a garage sale a few years back. One Canadian dollar.
50p is a great price. And it looks like it's in good shape. 
My parents had an edition identical to that one when I grew up- but it was a specially printed edition from a book club not the actual first run from the publisher.  
I just squealed
I found a first-edition about a year ago. Gave it to my brother for Christmas.
 
Didn't come with a sleeve, but I love the hardcover.
Nice! I inherited the same edition from my grandfather!
It is not a first edition print worth up to £100. See [here](http://www.peterharrington.co.uk/blog/identifying-collecting-tolkien-first-editions/).
I had this copy... now to find it lol
Damn thats cool
Do you mean the films? 

If so, I posted in another thread not too long ago that I would've liked to see Elrond's sons and the Grey Company join Aragorn, take the ships in southern Gondor and sail up to the Pelennor. I don't get why they changed this bit so much in the film. 
Didn't really like how the film heavily implied the Army of the Dead as being the only hope of defending Minas Tirith but I guess it made sense due to time constraints.
I didn't really like how they dumbed down all the supporting characters to make the main characters look better (Theoden acting arrogant and not listening to Gandalf's advice, Treebeard being clueless about what is happening in his own borders and having to be tricked by Merry and Pippin, Faramir being swayed by the Ring, etc.)

I also would have preferred comic relief Gimli and exposition/unrealistically badass Legolas to have more character.

The biggest change I did not like, however, was making Boromir an arrogant jerk. In the books he was a proud and noble Man that knew his people would eventually fall against Mordor. He was desperate, accepting Aragorn's sword and help from the beginning (unlike the films) looking for some hope to turn the tide, which led him to being seduced by the Ring. I felt that desperation makes his downfall all the more tragic.

In the films he is just an angry arrogant jerk who wants power to beat Mordor.  The viewers are not surprised by him being corrupted, as unlike the good guys who can resist the ring, he is a jerk.
The Aragorn fake death in the Two Towers seems really weird. Also, I don't think Frodo's journey in the final two films is very good. They really changed his arc from the books to the films. 
Probably the part where Legolas does a sweet board slide down a 30 stair on a shield while firing a bunch of arrows.
In the extended edition, Aragorn cutting off the head of the Mouth of Sauron is so out of character, and so barbaric I can't  understand who thought that was a good idea.   This IMO is the single worst change of the entire films.
Didn't love Eomer's treatment. My favorite moment in Helms Deep is when he and Aragorn go to battle together. But since they combined him with someone else he's a no show til later. 
I think someone already may have mentioned it, but I can't believe they cut the EE scene of Boromir and Faramir together at Osgiliath with Denethor. First of all, seeing Boromir in his element as Captain of Gondor was awesome. Secondly, seeing him on screen with Faramir was awesome and would have reallyyy strengthened the Boromir drama in the fellowship, and in the Return of the Kind when Denethor tells Faramir that he favored Boromir. That EE scene was just awesome. 
I didn't like how Pippin was potrayed as a total idiot in the movies when he was not like that at all in the book.

I really thought that first scene where Frodo wakes up and is in Rivendell right after destroying the ring, and then everyone shows up and they start laughing like they are high off of who knows what drugs...yea, I thought that was beyond stupid
Arwen saving Frodo on the bridge, when I was soooooo hyped in seing an almighty Elf Warlord taking the Nine by himself.
 
I mean, read that part in the book again. It might be one of the best written part about the true power of the Elf warrior, the magnificence and the power of light and all that stuff. 
Legolas killing the mumak was a bit silly. I also wasn't a fan of how Éowyn pines for Aragorn so much; she was a better character in the book.
All of the choppy slow-mo. It's especially bad looking through 2016 lenses, but even at the time it looked terrible (the scene with Pippin has an example, iirc)
When Pippin knocks over the helmet into the well... 

Comon dude... We were almost through!!!! 
No Tom Bombadil!
When the Prancing Pony is depicted as dirty, untidy and hostile place. In the books: 

"Even from the outside the inn looked a pleasant house to familiar eyes... As they hesitated outside in the gloom, someone began singing a merry song inside, and many cheerful voices joined loudly in the chorus. They listened to this encouraging sound for a moment and then got off their ponies. The song ended and there was a burst of laughter and clapping."

And when Pippin and Merry are turned into comedic reliefs, Frodo is a sobbing cry-baby who just drifts around Ithilien without objective, Sam is turned into a violent asshole, Aragorn becomes Emogorn (who, when Éowyn is clearly infatuated in him, just throws more fuel to the flames instead of taking distance like the actual character), when Gimli is turned into a comedic relief, Faramir is changed into an a-hole on the other hand and into a cry-baby on the other, when Denethor is made into a drooling lunatic.... the list goes on and on.
Some of the humor was pretty out of place. I think this is actually more of a problem in the extended editions because you can clearly see why they were cut.
What trilogy? 
I found pretty much all the moments between Aragorn and Arwen very awkward. I did not think that Viggo Mortensen and Liv Tyler had chemistry with each other at all and I was uncomfortable whenever they interacted.
The bias is so real in this post... almost analogous to phrasing a question with an answer: "who is the hottest and why is it me?" The films are not considered masterpieces by people who consider themselves familiar with Tolkien lore. Do some research on this subreddit and you'll find out there are more mistakes in the films than you can probably point out than accurate portrayals from the books.

With that being said, if you know nothing about Tolkien's universe I'm sure the films were extremely entertaining and all of the scenes were enjoyable for the most part.
From the opening scene where Saruman is slamming Gandalf off walls, you knew that the films would be all about special effects and nothing about LoTR
I didn't like the heavy emotions he forced on Frodo and Sam.  Sam particularly comes across as a whiney baby.  Hobbits were tough.  
Gandalf does eventually find Gollum in the film as well. That's how he learns that the Enemy got "Shire" and "Baggins".
I always thought Gandalf and Aragorn knew each other in the films. Boromir asks Aragorn who he is and he replied "a friend of Gandalf the grey." the actors portrayed it like the characters knew each other too imo. Not too chummy, kinda distant,  like a "I've put up with your shit before but we're cool" kinda vibe. 
That is the theme to Eyewitness, a 1994 TV series from the BBC. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uwarhzl76D8
I thought Aragorn was very different in the movie. In the book, I remember him being very gung-ho about being king. I'm actually glad that PJ changed him to be more humble, because I think that if he didn't, today's audiences would have seen him as haughty and entitled. The way Tolkien wrote him though was very apropos for the time though, fictional leaders were people who wanted that role and (in my opinion) were more respected because of that. Errol Flynn in the movie Robin Hood comes to mind.
I think Faramir. I understand why they changed his character but it is the one thing that bothers me still.
Denethor is a big one.  In the books he is a tragic figure, a flawed but noble man who falls because of his great desire to protect Gondor.  He can match wits with Gandalf, makes sound decisions regarding the defense of the city, and wears chain mail and a sword under his robe.  Even after his fall, Gandalf says Denethor was not entirely wrong.

In the movie, he's a ineffectual bureaucrat who slowly grows crazy with grief, who is more of a impediment than anything.
Arwen for sure.
Gimli. His entire existence was reduced down to comedic relief, and his character suffered greatly for it.
Tom Bombadil. 
Theoden is very different as well, he's a lot more sombre in the films. I understand why, it was harder to sell the sense of impending doom in the films so they made the characters more grim. But in the books Gandalf has to convince Theoden to defend Helm's Deep rather than ride out and fight the Uruk-Hai in open battle. In the movies, Theoden sort of runs to Helm's Deep with his tail between his legs and seems like he's about to kill himself until Aragon implores him to sortie.
[deleted]
For me, it's Frodo. In the books he thinks he is going on an adventure like Bilbo, (even to his detriment with dragging his feet about leaving before the end of summer to mimic Bilbo) but turns out his adventure is far darker. In it, he kind of learns kindness and patience. He goes from killing orcs in Moria with a ferocity that even Aragorn takes note of to refusing to fight in the Scouring of the Shire at all. In the movies, he loses that line of thinking. The first film does a good job of painting his desperation and his realization that this is not going to be a happy-go-lucky trip, but after that he doesn't really change very much. He's mopey and essentially his character arc in The Two Towers is admitting to Sam he has a problem with the ring (it's also why they changed Faramir into an antagonist in that film, imo). 
Tauriel was VERY different. In the movies she's a woman who shows up in the hobbit, but in the books she's a man named tom bombadil who appears in LOTR
I feel like Merry and Pippin were very different. In the movies, they are mostly used for comic relief, while in the books they are actually very smart. There are some scenes where they do show this (for example when they help Frodo escape the Black Riders at the start of Fellowship), but mostly they just screw things up in the movies.
Every Gondorian, really. Boromir is about half evil in the films, Faramir is a bit of a wet noodle, and Denethor is *actually* evil
Honestly, there were so many changes in the movies that I don't consider them to be the real LOTR at all. The movies are just somebody's interpretation of the books. I really enjoy the movies when I can remember that, but I'll never take them as anything other than fluff.
Making Boromir an arrogant jerk in the films. In the books he was a proud and noble Man that knew his people would eventually fall against Mordor. He was desperate, accepting Aragorn's sword and help from the beginning (unlike the films) looking for some hope to turn the tide, which led him to being seduced by the Ring. I felt that desperation makes his downfall all the more tragic.

In the films he is just an angry arrogant jerk who wants power to beat Mordor. The viewers are not surprised by him being corrupted, as unlike the good guys who can resist the ring, he is a jerk.
Faramir is the most changed IMO. In the books he resists the allure of the ring, which makes absolutely zero sense. It's Tolkien's only major blunder in his writing, it comes out of left field and undermines much of what goes before and comes after it. The movies changed him for the better, now he has to really work to resist the temptation, so the ring retains its power and Faramir appears badass. Best of both worlds.
thumbnail suggested bullet shells
I don't know you but I'm pretty sure I'd marry you 
Details at http://paintedfingertips.com/2016/09/31dc2016-day-23-movies-lord-rings/
are you  single?
Those are some damn nice nails
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/c3/c6/c5/c3c6c5278dfd35be7140c05399b59d6a.jpg
Gothmog the forsaken
Tevildo, Prince of Cats.
If he doesn't shut up for one second you could call him Tom Bombadill 
Queen Berúthiel could be a funny option, she is mentioned by Aragorn in the books, this passage is from the Unfinished tales. *She had nine black cats and one white, her slaves, with whom she conversed, or read their memories, setting them to discover all the dark secrets of Gondor, so that she knew those things 'that men wish most to keep hidden', setting the white cat to spy upon the black, and tormenting them. No man in Gondor dared touch them; all were afraid of them, and cursed when they saw them pass* That is the only cat reference I can think of in Tolkien. As for the pronunciation of Melkor, I use Mel-core, like Mel gibson and apple core.
Ancalagon the Black — first and mightiest of the Winged-dragons
My own lean, dark, tall guy who can avoid being seen when he wishes is called Strider. 
Eöl, dark elf lord from the silmarillion
It's black so Ungoliant seems appropriate. 
Oikeroi, guardian of Tevildo Lord of Cats.
I think Sauron is very fitting. Or perhaps Strider.
Shelob.

Sauron even called her his cat, though she owns him not.
We had a (female) cat named Shadow once. It's not exactly Tolkien, but it can play into the "Shadow of Mordor" or "The Nothing."
My many years passed Maine Coon kitty was named Beren.  It was not just a Tolkien homage, but also a nod to me wanting to name him Bjorn since he was perfectly spherical as a kitten, and reminded me of a wooley bear caterpiller.

His sister was Eowyn.  Not historically accurate, but it suited her better than Lithuvien.  They were both magnificent specimens of the Maine Coon variety.

If i had an all black cat to name today, and i didn't name him Batman (like my current all black cat) i would totally go with Palantir or Mordor.  Neither is a person, but dude.  So much blackness :)
Melkor.
Shadowfax
Talion - the reason I say that is im currently playing Shadow of Mordor and Talion is the main protagonist alongside Celebrimbor, a GREEN wraith sidekick who is the deceased great Smith of the second age, the one who forged the ring - the story is interesting and dark and awesome but Talion would make a cool name for a cat :) 
Here's a link to the other side.  I was so exited to share it I forgot to take a photo of the other side, lol.

http://imgur.com/78BAhS7
I like the other side of this puzzle...
Solid find, everyone here is jealous!
I have that at my parents house! I was just there last weekend and thought about bringing it back with me. Now I will next time I'm there! 

Wait a minute...where exactly did you get this puzzle? O_O
Well done, that looks fantastic. Have you considered framing the puzzle?
Why does it have a graphic-free, off-colour, seemingly extraneous strip of pieces down the right hand side? Seems an odd design choice; maybe they couldn't stretch it to fit the whole puzzle seeing as there's a design on the back.
I want one. You have done the human race a great service by saving that puzzle from the Thrift store.
Awesome. I never find stuff like this in the charity shops.
So jealous!
very nice!
Wow, I really love it. So beautiful.
We wants it. We needs it. Must have...the preciousss.
Keep it secret. Keep it safe. Really you should frame that beaut'!
These are going on eBay for about $10, upwards of $25-45.
Dang that is pretty awesome.. r/ThriftStoreHauls would love to see this
That is such an awesome find! Nice work! 
This is a great way to trick your kids into loving Tolkien. Start as early as puzzle age lol.
Wow, thanks for all the support, I didn’t think this post would get so much attention.  So since everyone loves it, I’m going to share what I have planned for the frame.  Since its double sided, I plan for one side of the frame to have the “one Ring” inscription for the side with the hobbits drifting down the river, and the other side with the map to put the Moon Runes off Thrór's Map.  I think it would fit the puzzle very nicely.  Now all I need to do is find a frame store who does double sided frames with double sided glass.
Thats a cool find. I can just imagine the smile inside you when you came across it.
I have one of those as well. Interested in seeing if all the pieces are there. I've got a 19 month old, so time to sit down and do a puzzle without risk of damaging it... rough to find sometimes.
a puzzle from a thrift store?  thats brave
"Saved"
Cool! It's a bit fast, but sounds excellent nonetheless.
The notes are perfectly done. Unfortunately, patches just don't match the real thing. It's a great arrangement, though!
In the Silmarillion, Eönwë is said to be 'greatest in arms', and it sounds like he just whoops Melkor on his own, while everyone else just hangs around. 
Not sure if anyone is still reading this, but I'm tipsy again and I read every comment. 

I feel like my original premise was unfair. In GoT all that matters is physical strength and talent and practice. In LotR it seems that there are many more factors to take into account in terms of the traits of those who fight. 

Thank you all for the interesting read and please do excuse my poor ability at expressing myself x
Aragorn, Eomer, and Imrahil are all up there. Toward the end of the battle of pelennor fields, there's a line where they meet up on the battlefield and Tolkien says they were so mighty that they all came out of the battle unscathed. I always thought that seemed pretty definitive 
Glorfindel used to kill Balrogs. When they finally killed him he just came back later. 

Aragorn is up there, Gandalf is one of the mightiest beings on the planet, Sauron is like Gandalf only stronger.
If we're talking just between the fellowship and not counting gandalf because that's obviously the answer I'd say boromir. There's one part in the book (I think while in moria) where he actually lists how many orcs each member kills. I remember boromir having one or two more than aragorn, like it was 22 to 24 or something, and gimli and Legolas have 4 or 5. Also I think it's described that there are something like 30 dead orcs surrounding boromir's dead body.


Outside the fellowship Elrod and his sons all have strong cases and so does faramir. And as everyone else has mentioned, there were some pretty awesome deeds done by people in the first age. Turin Turambur is my favorite and probably the best fighting human ever but the elves everyone else is mentioning can't be compared to anyone short of a wizard. 
So at the end,  the Uruk Hai are looking for hobbits, to bring back to Saruman. When they pick up Merry and Pippin,  they think they have Frodo and leave.

That's how the Fellowship dealt with so many orcs.
For elves, I'm not sure, but I think I remember the silmarillion saying that the greatest warrior of men was Húrin, father of Túrin. He slew the entire troll-guard of Gothmog, lord of balrogs, and survived being tortured in Angband itself

EDIT: fixed typos 
Helm Hammerhand, King of Rohan is a contender. He is so badass. During a winter when food and supplies were short because the people of Rohan were held up at the Hornburg during a time of strife with the Dunlendings. He fought barehanded "He used no weapon no weapon would upon bite him". There are accounts of him sneaking out at night, covered in a white pelt and he would take out enemy camps by himself. He would blow his horn which would sound through the whole land before he left the Hornburg, and the enemy would shit themselves. One morning they saw him outside of the gate, frozen to death with his eyes still open ready to fight they believe.
Probably Gandalf is. Don't let his oldness fool you. He is quick, nimble, and strong.
Don't forget some of these characters have centuries of battle experience.

IMO the best all-round fighter is probably Aragorn, but as to who would win in a 1v1, you can't dodge an arrow from Legolas.
Lets look at it this way: 
In the Middle Earth Universe, where races are separated by thousands of miles and there are songs of lore that praise the worthy for hundreds of years, there is very much a Hero Culture that is hard to imagine in today's culture where you can become famous in 5 minutes and forgotten in 10. Aragorn, Legolas, Gimli, and Boromir, were the baddest of the bad, the sultants of swat, the colossus' of clouts etc.. They were chosen by their people to make the long and dangerous journey to the Council of Elrond because they had already proved themselves as "great". Their quest in the war of the ring will In turn cement their actions in the annals of Middle Earth History forever. Their people essentially chose them to be Heroes.  Aragorn will become the greatest man to live, Gimli will probably be honored more than Durin, Legolas, the son of the king of the woodelves, is being groomed for the position of King of Mirkwood. Several times in the books it says that "no other could have done it" in reference to things these guys were doing. Gimli and Legolas alone slew 83 orcs during the battle of Helms Deep.  If anything PJ undervalued them and underestimated their abilities in the movies. 
The movie gets that final fight scene by the river quite right, I just got done rereading fellowship. 

But anyways, most of the main heroes are legendary fighters, some considered godlike. Like another user mentioned, glorfindel is probably the most storied badass. He routinely scared away things that bump in the night. Kinda sucks that he got such a small role in the movies, if at all.

Unlike GOT, the LOTR universe embellished almost every chance it can get, every character is a legendary fighter, cook, traveller, riddler, etc.
The best all around ass kicker?  I'm guessing it would be an elf.  Gandalf was a good fighter but only out of necessity, IIRC.  What was happened in middle earth saddened him beyond anything.

You have to put a plug in for Numenorians (Aragorn, Elros, Elendil, Isildur) considering their race's history.  Those dudes were bad ass - even Sauron could only defeat them through trickery and deceit - they were too powerful.
If i remember correctly, in the movie orcs and uruks are portrayed as muscular, mighty, strong beings, while in the books it is told that they are less strong than humans and that they usually win for their sheer number, not for their strenght.

But anyway, at the end of the first book they don't win, Uruks take Merrin and Pippin, assume they are done since they have hobbits and leave.
Rooster Teeth and Achievement Hunter have some fantastic content - but out of all of it, this is some of my favorite.
New Zealander here, I've been there, it's a really beautiful place in real life.
Respect 
Damn that was an impressive walk!
Are you looking for an actual translation into Khuzdul? Or just a transliteration into the Angerthas?
I don't think there is anywhere near enough Khuzdhul (Dwarvish) available for that. From what I know, we just have a handful of phrases and a bunch of names. 

If you just want that English phrases transliterated to runes, check out this:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cirth

The runes are called Cirth, and the styles the Dwarves use are Angerthas Moria and Angerthas Erebor, and there is a paragraph about their use for English. I wouldn't be surprised if that phrase is already transliterated somewhere.

If you google that phrase and add "runes" or "tattoo" you'll find lots of results, that you can check with the tables on that wiki page or the Appendices of LotR.
This should be helpful

http://kenner.kprdsb.ca/teachers/drobertson/New%20Folder/G7%20Language%20-%20Tolkien's%20Runes.pdf
Bilbo is just making an unsubtle insult at Lobelia Sackville-Baggins' expense (she was born a Bracegirdle from Hardbottle).
No. The movies greatly exaggerate this. The Nazgul in the books seem to only tell when they are very close already.
They have the 9 rings that are controlled by the one ring. Their very being is linked to the one ring. They can perhaps feel it's power, as the Lord of the Nazgul senses something off outside of Minas Morgul when leaving to seige Minas Tirith. I don't think they really sense it to the point of being able to find it unless it's very close by, and even then I don't think it's very strong.

I assume after Sauron rules the world he'd eventually find it.
I don't think they can sense it from that far away. Gollum used it for over 400 years and they never found him.
Ah, I see. I always imagined they were able to sense when close, but over great reaches they lost this sense. It made me wonder how powerful this perception even is, as one of the riders couldn't have been more than 5 ft. from the ring when chasing the Hobbits and trying to sniff them out while they were hiding under a tree root directly below him.
When the king of the Nazgul leads his forces out of Minas Morgul he senses something and stops and looks around. Sam and Frodo are not too far away but before Frodo can put it on (his hand moves by some force toward the ring) the Nazgul carries on again. 
Not sure what it tells us exactly but later it says the closer the ring gets to where it was forged it exerts/exudes greater power. 

Sorry, I should have mentioned this is from the book. I watched the films when they first came out but not really since. I reread the books now and then, though. 
The ring would eventually have been found. In the opening sequence of fellowship, Galadriel does say that the ring was lost, but that it wanted to be found...not sure what the books say though
The nine could only sense it when it was put on, or trying to coerce the user into putting it on. Once it was worn, the nazgul could sense it from almost anywhere in middle earth. However, when the ring was inactive, the nazgul actually had a worse sense of their environment, since they were wraiths.
If I remember correctly they were bred to withstand the sunlight like the Uruk-hai. 
My guess, though I cannot back it up as much I'd like, would be that the phrasing implies these trolls can physically survive the sunlight and will trudge through it -- instead of running for the nearest dark cave -- so long as there's someone like Sauron there to make them do it.
Yeah I think it's a breed thing too. There's no reason why the trolls couldnt be bred to handle light if the orcs could.
https://imgur.com/vzGDX12.jpg
Also, my son's birthday. His name is Sam. My husband is not a LOTR fan, and still doesn't realize I tricked him. 
It's my birthday too! I love that I share my birthday with two of the most important characters in the books.

edit: Thanks everyone!
Happy birthday Bilbo, we knew you three times as much as we needed to.
I'm celebrating by stuffing my face with 7 meals today and watching FotR.
And we like less than half of you half as well as you deserve. 
I thought this was gonna be a jump scare with scary Bilbo
Is it his one hundredededelevth birthday? 
Is it really? I thought the dates were a translation convention. And when you consider the shift in calendars.

Yeah, I'm that guy. You'll need the guy who is even more "that guy" than me to strike me down.
My nephew was born today and I'm so excited to share this with him when he's older 
It's my one hundred and eleleleleleleleeventieth birthday!
Fantastic title
'Tis fitting that my favorite hobbits have birthday on the earth day. Might as well call today a middle-earth day.
I know half of you half as well as I should like, and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve
anybody up for the Prancing Pony this evening to celebrate?  
Its my cake day! (I always get the reminder from /r/lotr)
Hehe...half
Man that is crazy when Frodo opens his eyes.  
At least it's not half as well as we deserve! 
I started rereading LOTR last night after some years.  Then I realized it was September 22nd, a Thursday. It amazed me. 
Also my birthday. It was definitely one of the coolest things I've ever learned when I started reading the books

Exactly Thursday, September the 22nd! It's also the fall equinox! Much to celebrate. I plan on having a bonfire with some nice lunch, tea and dinner. Bring on the wine and ale! Happy day to you all!!
how old are they now?
Totally believable not fake at all +1
"Found"
Totally not OPs ring guys.
well?   did you take it or not?
Lol guys, taken this way to seriously :). It was on the cindercone in Lassen National Park. Great area for hiking. 
Frodo didn't make it. :(
I believe you man.  Don't listen to the haters.  
What volcano?
This is beautiful. I am definitely sending her a card. For me, this is what being a part of a fandom is about. 

:)
I hope a lot of people show up for her party! I'm gonna try to buy something off her wish list for her. 
If this wasn't in a different state I would absolutely go. I've been spending too much lately but I definitely want to donate either to the party or send a gift. Not even because she's autistic... I mean, obviously that makes it more meaningful, but because she's throwing a Lotr birthday party and inviting others. Kudos for her (and whoever organized this) for putting herself out there in a big way.
I'm sending her a LotR card from across the country right now. :-) I hope her birthday is great.
[removed]
Excellent! 
That's awesome, very unique. It's refreshing from all the trees of Gondor and quenya.
Can confirm, have about 1000 hours in Warband. No other game can I be so 'ok' with starting over and choosing a different path. Graphics are quite dated, but there is real soul in this game.

Third age is an ok mod for it, but I recommend Viking Conquest, Pendor, or Floris.
Thanks, I hadn't seen that mod before. Warband is a great game. I'll be sure to download this.
Does it have multiplayer/coop?
In Shadow of Mordor, Orcs aren't the terrorizers, you are.
There's a new one called "fall of mordor". I'll see if I can find a link to a video of it.
One unreleased one that has an awesome concept is Lord of the Rings: The White Council!
I think that line just means that Gandalf used to set off fireworks at the Old Took's midsummer eve parties, which obviously didn't happen anymore after the guy passed away. (Though I suppose it's conceivable that he brought some fireworks to his old buddy's funeral -- that would be a pretty epic sendoff!)
Yeah, The Old Took was Gandalf's friend, and probably loved his fireworks, therefore Gandalf did it as a token to him.
Fireworks is great and all, but I think I'd rather just burn myself with my lastborn son. Ya know, like the heathen kings of old
Just make sure you die on late december and that your funeral is at 00:00 of the 1st January.
Do they have pints?
You can take a virtual tour of the pub on Google Earth street view!
Go to 51°59'27.26" N 1°42'12.89" W
https://scontent-iad3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/t31.0-8/14425485_10210431295003565_2841957707719159768_o.jpg
Is The Prancing Pony the basis for every D&D/Pathfinder story that begins in a bar?
Does anyone know of any other LOTR themed bars/pubs that are in the US? Would love to travel overseas but I'm quite busy and broke. Bad combo.
Did you see Legolas and Gimli have a drink-off? Yes I realize they did the drinkoff in Rohan, but maybe they're on a vacation? c:
Was there any kind of meat? I heard it was taken off the menu. 
website:
http://thebellinnmoreton.co.uk/gallery/

and [google maps]
(https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Bell+Inn/@51.9909873,-1.7055769,639m/data=!3m2!1e3!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x4871283453dc1729:0x83b88b20f8a72908!8m2!3d51.9909873!4d-1.7033882)
Half... orcs? What?
It's not worth trying to look for any type of reasonable consistency between the Hobbit movies and the actual lore. You won't find any, and attempting to do so can only end in frustration and anger that something as soulless and unfaithful as *The Battle of the Five Armies* could be produced.
> But old Rory Brandybuck was not so sure. Neither age nor an enormous
dinner had clouded his wits, and he said to his daughter-in-law, Esmeralda:
'There's something fishy in this, my dear! I believe that mad Baggins is off 
again. Silly old fool. But why worry? He hasn't taken the vittles with him.'
He called loudly to Frodo to send the wine round again.

I'm having a glass of Beerenburg (gin) on this beautiful day. To Bilbo, to Frodo!
Is the Silmarillion really "enormous?" I thought people's criticism was more that's it's dense and uninteresting, not that I agree with that. But I mean my copy of the Silmarillion is less than 400 pages do I have the wrong edition or something?
Accio Arkenstone?
Forgot, Mobile users don't see the imgur comments, whoops.

“Well, thief! I smell you and I feel your air. I hear your breath. Come along! Help yourself again, there is plenty and to spare!”

But Harry was not quite so unlearned in dragon-lore, as Hermione had drilled *everything* there was to know about dragon-lore into him, and if Smaug hoped to get him to come nearer so easily he was disappointed. 
“No thank you, O Smaug the Tremendous!” he replied. “I did not come for presents. I only wished to have a look at you and see if you were truly as great as tales say. I did not believe them.” 

“Do you now?” said the dragon somewhat flattered, even though he did not believe a word of it. 

“Truly songs and tales fall utterly short of the reality, O Smaug the Chiefest and Greatest of Calamities,” replied Harry. 

“You have nice manners for a thief and a liar,” said the dragon. “You seem familiar with my name, but I don’t seem to remember smelling you before. Who are you and where do you come from, may I ask?” 

"You may indeed! I come from under the stair, and under the stairs and over the stairs my paths led. And through the air. I am he that walks unseen."

“So I can well believe,” said Smaug, “but that is hardly your usual name.” 

"I am the stone-protector, the Basilisk-cutter, the patronus conjurer. I was chosen by blue-white flames."

“Lovely titles!” sneered the dragon. “But lucky numbers don’t always come off.” 

"I am he that catches snitches of golden and am the youngest seeker in a century. I came to possess the holly-phoenix wand, but the wand chose me."

“These don’t sound so creditable,” scoffed Smaug. 

"I am the friend of Fawkes and the guest of snuffles. I am the boy-who-lived; and I am the chosen one," went on Harry beginning to be pleased with his riddling.

“That’s better!” said Smaug. “But don’t let your imagination run away with you!”
Pfft.
Man, seeing this version really reminds me how well Peter Jackson's Gollum was done.
Damn that's disturbing. Great job to the guy that did it. Always my favorite costume from the movies.
...
First: yes, that is a fine, finely crafted tattoo.

Second: why? Why this character?
Very cool, but I can't help but see [googly eyes](http://imgur.com/a/zsaxd)
"He deeed, Gandalf. He deeed."
That is fucking AWESOME. Excellent execution. 
I'm not terribly fond of the way they handled the character in the movie, but that is one impressive tattoo. 
[Travis Greenough](https://www.instagram.com/travisgreenough/?hl=en) from Closed Casket tattoos in Ajax, Ontario
Amazing -- love this very much! My wife said "I wonder what his mother thinks about that?"
SICK
Bold and irregular choice and I like it 
Dude
What an artist! 
That's awesome. I got a Treebeard tattoo last Sunday. 
I bet you listen to Metal.
That's so metal. 
So br00tal. Great tattoo
I was expecting a face tattoo and was disappointed.
The artist is [Travis Greenough](https://www.instagram.com/travisgreenough/?hl=en) from Closed Casket Custom Tattoos in Ajax, Ontario
[deleted]
He dosnt look like that though. And I have to believe anyone who is into any of morgoths downstream failures dosnt really appreciate lotr
Is there anyone...with wit to understand why he got that tattoo?
[deleted]
[deleted]
I would think make decorations to look like Bilbo's birthday in Fellowship of the Ring. If you don't want to rewatch that masterpiece, you could Google Biblo's Birthday in images. I vote for a Shire theme. It is important to note though that I always felt a strong connection to the Hobbit characters, so I would love a Shire/Prancing Pony theme. Ask your SO who he relates to most and maybe use that info as a starting point.
http://www.npr.org/sections/thesalt/2013/12/09/249827551/elevenses-and-then-some-how-to-prepare-a-feast-fit-for-a-hobbit  This has great food ideas!
These come in snow globes? I'm getting one!
I thought there were 2 of these and they were both lost in the way of the rings!!!
Where can i get it??? 
Here I guess. Best bet is other websites.
> 'Master Meriadoc,' said Aragorn, 'if you think that I have passed through the mountains and the realm of Gondor with fire and sword to bring herbs to a careless soldier who throws away his gear, you are mistaken, If your pack has not been found, then you must send for the herb-master of this House, And he will tell you that he did not know the herb you desire had any virtues, but that it is called *westmansweed* by the vulgar, and *galenas* by the noble, and other names in other tongues more learned, and after adding a few half-forgotten rhymes that he does not understand, he will regretfully inform you that there is none in the House, and he will leave you to reflect on the history of tongues.'

And of course Merry's pack was right by his bed, which Aragorn knew quite well.

I also have a pet theory that the Master of the Houses of Healing is Tolkien inserting himself into the story, and poking fun at himself at the same time.
When talking about the relationship between Shelob and Sauron:

"'His cat' he calls her, but she owns him not"

The joke being that cats own people and not the other way around.
Its been years since I read the books, so apart from the excerpt you've mentioned, I can think of only one other (its more a scene):

*Gandalf, Frodo, Sam, Merry and Pippin are riding back to the Shire and stopping at Bree (Prancing Pony) for the night. Nob sees them coming.*

Nob: "MR BARLIMAN! THEY'RE HERE (or is it 'They're back'?)!

Barliman: "Oh? I'll learn them". 

*Barliman runs out of the inn, cudgel in hand. Then he sees who it is.*

Barliman: NOB, you Fool! Can't you tell me when its friends who've come visiting.

**Oh and Bill kicking Bill in the back side, I KNEW that Pony would survive**

Apart from the books there is an excerpt from a biography of Tolkien I read which goes like this:

*Once the LOTR was published, Tolkien got a letter from man named 'Sam Gamgee'.* *Sam hadn't read the books but had heard of his namesake.*

*Tolkien, delighted by this coincidence sent him a copy of the books.* *Afterward he dreaded receiving a letter from 'S.Gollum'* 
My favorite is when Thorin & co. are in Mirkwood and Bombur is complaining about having to go last when they cross the water. He says "It's somebody else's turn to go last"; then Thorin comes back with a straight up "You should not be so fat". 
Gandalf basically admitting he is a horse-thief. He is told to take any horse he wants as long as he makes himself scarce, and he takes the top horse of the King, Shadowfax. He even admits he knew that Théoden wouldn't like it. 
I always get a kick out of the fact that when Frodo sells Bag End, he's leaves the dishes for the Sackville-Bagginses.
That quote is golden!
The Hobbit- when Gandalf is distracting Beorn with stories so the Company can get to his house. 
I've always liked Gimli's "Since Gandalf's head is now sacred, let us find one that is right to cleave!"
Wow, I was just going to post the part where Gimli is so "torn between rage and joy" but never mind.
Am I the only one that thinks artists would be better off drawing/painting their own renditions of these characters? While it's cool to see a pencil drawing of Ian McKellan as Gandalf, it would be cooler to see their interpretation of how eg. Gandalf would look based on their interpretations of Tolkien's writing. Just a thought. 
The way is shut.
Well that's amazing!
That watermark though. Holy christ.
It's drawn using different coloured Biro pens. The dude is very talented!
I always felt it was a bit of a misname to give prominence to the two halves of Lindon rather than just naming the whole thing Lindon. Yes, they are separate in certain senses but it's really one land, under one ruler (first Gil'galad, then Cirdan), with its capital at the Grey Havens.
I have this map too! It was my reddit secret Santa gift from way back.  The thing that bugs me about this map is that it doesn't show us Gondor or Mordor at all, and the resolution is meh.  But, it's still an awesome thing to wake up to and is a great conversation starter from time to time.
[removed]
I'm sure there are some very good videos out there, and I'm certain that some other people on this sub will be able to point them out to you.

That being said, absolutely nothing will give you the same level of knowledge and satisfaction as actually reading the ancillary texts and learning these things straight from the source. I would highly recommend reading *The Silmarillion* (probably more than once), and then *The Unfinished Tales* and all 12 Volumes of *The History of Middle-Earth*. It's definitely worth the time expenditure in my opinion.
I'll also point to the Middle-earth Lore videos on YouTube. I may be a bit biased as I was part of the team that assembled the videos, but I do think they are quite good.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9lvC2bNplsg
I watched these [videos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5JupPs_QVy0&list=PLlFZNs3eLW7phi9esFDH6uyvPVsaqOTh1).
They are quite entertaining to watch but not that extensive as the books.
Search for 'civilisation ex' on youtube, he has lotr lore, but also starwars and game of thrones
Look up Arachir Galudirithon on youtube. He has a lore series that's quite enjoyable. 
>Am I right in remembering that Círdan is the only elf cool enough to actually have a beard?

He definitely had a beard, although I don't remember ever reading any specific reason for that. I don't think beards were *non-existant* in Elves. Just that they are *extremely* rare.

>As far as I remember he is one of the original elves that awoke in Cuívenen

Someone can correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think there is any actual evidence that he was one of the first to awake in Cuivienen. He could easily be the son of one of the very first. I'm not discounting the possibility, but I don't think it was ever confirmed.

>fell in love with the sea and never went to Valinor until the end of the Third Age.

That much is true though.

Nerdanel's dad Mahtan also has a beard, and reportedly had it at a much younger age. Also - ginger for the win.
What happened to Hawaii? 
I think Mt Rainier should be included over in Washington considering it's height relative to its surroundings. Looks like the Lonely Mountain and stuff. definitely would be a major feature on any map of the world Tolkien made.

Maybe St Helen's too, just because of the devastation and stuff.
Where do I purchase this for my home?
Please do a Canada one!!
Where are the Cascade mountains?
You labeled Little Rock but not St. Louis? Interesting
i dont think its this one but i have a LOTR america map framed in my living room at home. love testing my nerdy friends when they come over to see if they get it 
Canada!!!
Awsome! I love these ancient maps. When i was a little kid i made these myself
What is a lesser know city in LOTR? Thats Cleveland here, probably.

Looks great!
Please do Quebec/Canada, too!
Haha Kansas City is on here but St. Louis isn't.
I know Louisville has an historic water tower, but I'm just really shocked to see it on a nation-wide map. OP, is that really representative of the water tower?
Where's Mordor? Is it Mexico? 

Is that why Trump wants to build a wall?

"You know who they're sending over here? Orcs, goblins, Easterlings... And some, I assume, are good people."
Triggered when Pittsburgh isn't on the map but Columbus is.
There are mountains in NH, VT, and ME. 
Dude! This is the first time I've seen Fargo on a map like this! North Dakota represent
The Rockies should be bigger in comparison to the Appalachians, like 2-3x as tall. 
Looks like the different directions you took on the map but Columbus is.
Do you go this on the computer or by hand? I really wish I could draw this well.
What, the Cascades not good enough for you?
Cascade mountain range is worthy :(
Canada!!! Triggered when Pittsburgh isn't on the US on it if anyone is interested.
How would scale compare to the Tolkien maps?
I know everybody is asking you "do my country!" but please do brazil, or at least south america! 
Could you please do Australia?
Australia? Pls.
Australia please!!!!
Very nice!
here be dragons
Cool! I really like the different directions you took on the US and European ones. ^But ^it ^would ^be ^cool ^to ^see ^a ^map ^just ^like ^this ^with ^all ^the ^states ^on ^it.
Woot sold a t shirt with a LOTR style map of the US on it if anyone is interested 
I'd be happy to buy one if it had a bit more detail!
Can you make a print of this so I can buy it and put it on my wall?
That'd be awesome if there was one for individual states or cities and their neighborhoods 
I love this. I love this so much.
Milwaukee is the stop in Wisconsin instead of Madison? Dude ;_;
cool map. being from wisconsin though your placement of the mississippi river makes me laugh. half of Madison would either be dead or drowning right now lol
prints?
Connecticut is known as the land of steady habits... Safe bet to call that the shire!
what state is Llskl?
I want
Like I daid before, I want one. Cant buy one now, but you better still be selling these around the end of the year!
Wow this is awesome! Love it
Columbus over Cleveland? Bold choice. Great map!
What kind of paper do you use?
Not bad, but Nashville isn't on the Tennessee River, it's on the Cumberland. Send Nashville east, about halfway along that dotted line between one river crossing and the next, and that's where it should be.
Do you have a link to the European one?
Where is USA? I can only see mordor in your link!
Still looks way more like the maps in *A Song of Ice and Fire*, not *Lord of the Rings*.
Your book wouldn't help you. That line is from the movie.
I'd probably just be a human. 
Hobbit probably. Pretty passive and quiet. Keep to my own little space. "Who cares about what going on around the other side of the world" type of person. 
I'd be a dwarf

Hearty and loud, drink lots of beer have lots of fun with big groups of friends. I like to tinker with things and really wish I had some kind of workshop, even though I've never done anything of the sort I've always been interested in blacksmithing and glass-blowing for some reason.
Probably like a potato farmer that never ends up doing anything exciting. Species is irrelevant. 
Elf (Noldor more specific)  because they speak Quenya which is based on my native language.
Either a Dwarf or hobbit.  
I'm a Dúnadan of the South, the 4th Ruling Steward of Gondor.
I've always loved the Duindain. I would probably be a ranger of the north who grew up in Rivendell.
Just more Peter Jackson movie nonsense. In the books it wasn't even Isildur that defeated him. Elendil and Gil-Galad slew Sauron (although they themselves died in the process). Isildur came up after the fact and removed the ring-finger (and the Ring) from his vanquished foe.
It was the firecrackers he are for breakfast.

Or it was a movie thing. Your opinion is as valid as anyone's. For me, I'm going with firecrackers.
Those came with the special extended dvd edition of the Fellowship of the ring.  I have them, they are cool.
I have the same ones! Bought them in a garage sale more than ten years ago.
Makes you wonder what kinda crazy shits out in the east of Middle Earth.
I like the art style, and of course the ambiguity of not knowing the outcome :)

But technically we know almost nothing about them. And it's even stranger in the movies: their names, Alatar and Pallando, are not mentioned in any works the movie people had the rights to, so they couldn't mention their names. That is why Gandalf says he 'can't remember their names', a joke about not owning the rights. 
Ok. Fictional History lesson time.

In the Second Age the Elves desired to hold back the changes brought on by passing time.  They started creating magic rings to help them do this.  The only problem was, they didn't really know what they were doing.

So they are approached by someone claiming to be an emissary of the Valar. He calls himself Annatar, the Lord of Gifts.  Gil-galad doesn't trust him, but he teaches the Elves Ringlore and with his help they make 15 Rings of Power.  Celebrimbor uses this Ringlore and alone and in secret creates 3 more Rings. The most powerful of all of them.  Annatar then leaves.

Now Annatar was secretly Sauron all along. He saw what the Elves were trying to do and thought of a way to enslave them.  He taught them Ringlore and helped in their making, inherently corrupting the 16 during their forging.  Now in Mordor he creates a master Ring. A Ring that will control all the others.  Even the 3, which he had no knowledge of and never touched are subject to the Master Ring since they were made with knowledge gained from Sauron. To do this he was obligated to put most of his power within the Ring (to answer your other question, no one else had the power or the skill to make another master ring).

So Sauron puts the One Ring on and the Elves are immediately aware of him. They remove their Rings are hide them.

Sauron is pissed. His plan didn't work.

He wages war on the Elves, laying waste to much of Eregion. Over time he captures Celebrimbor and tortures him. Celebrimbor reveals the location of the 16, but not the 3 he made, not the 3 most powerful of the Rings.

Sauron captures the all the Rings except the 3. He gives them out to Men and Dwarves hoping to ensnare them.  Dwarves prove resilient to his control, but are still corrupted by the Rings. The Men however fall wholly under his control.  They become permenantlly invisble from prolonged use of the Rings. They become the Nazgul, Sauron's most terrible servants.

This is still only the Second Age. A lot more happens between here and the War of the Ring at the end of the Third Age.
> Why couldn't another more power ring be made to control the ring that controlled all rings?

I believe this was not possible because no one in Middle-earth possessed superior craft to that of Sauron. Galadriel's phial would not even function at Sauron's forges.

> In his great need he drew out once more the phial of Galadriel, but it was pale and cold in his trembling hand and threw no light into that stifling dark. He was come to the heart of the realm of Sauron and the forges of his ancient might, greatest in Middle-earth, all other powers were here subdued; [Mount Doom]

For Sauron to even gain control over the **Rings of Power** he had to put the majority of his own power, "*much of the strength and will of Sauron passed into that One Ring; for the power of the Elven-rings was very great, and that which should govern them must be a thing of surpassing potency*;" (Of the Rings of Power and the Third Age) into the making of the **One**.

> he let a great part of his own former power pass into it, so that he could rule all the others. [The Shadow of the Past]

Before **Eregion** was sacked by Sauron the Elves saved the **Three** since they held these in highest regard and they "*possessed the greatest powers*" (Of the Rings of Power and the Third Age). They were handed out to Gil-galad, Galadriel, and Círdan. Gil-galad's (Vilya - Ring of Air) "*was given by him to Elrond*" (TheThird Age) and Círdan "*surrendered his (Narya - Ring of Fire) to Mithrandir*." Galadriel held onto her own (Nenya - Ring of Water).

> Who gave these rings?

I mentioned already the Three that were handed out to their guardians by **Celebrimbor**. The others Sauron captured and doled out to Men and Dwarves.

> But Sauron gathered into his hands all the remaining Rings of Power; and he dealt them out to the other peoples of Middle-earth, hoping thus to bring under his sway all those that desired secret power beyond the measure of their kind. Seven he gave to the Dwarves; but to Men he gave nine, for Men proved in this matter as in others the readiest to his will. [Of the Rings of Power and the Third Age]

In the Third Age, after Sauron lost the One, he gathered to himself the Rings he had given out, or at least those of them he could find. Gandalf said four of the **Seven** were consumed by dragons so only "*three he has recovered*" (The Shadow of the Past) and all of the **Nine** "*he has gathered to himself*;". It is believed that Sauron stole one of the Seven from **Thrain** after he had him imprisoned in Dol Guldur.

> in the year 2841 Thrain set out from there [Ered Luin] to return to the Lonely Mountain. While wandering in the lands east of the Anduin he was captured and imprisoned in Dol Guldur, where the Ring was taken from him. [The Quest of Erebor]

These were nevertheless all Elven Rings, meant for the Elves. Sauron made use of them to try and ensare the Free Peoples.
The other answers here are excellently written and entirely accurate.

But just came here to say - if you're interested in this stuff, consider reading The Silmarillion. They don't get to the rings until the very end, but the whole thing is about the ancient history of the world.

Puts the LOTR trilogy into better perspective, gives a greater motive to the events of the story and an even deeper history. They hint at some of that ancient history in LOTR, but The Silmarillion tells the whole deal.
Edit - hey, it looks like [you can get new ones too at 40 pounds each](http://www.tolkien.co.uk/category/Exclusive+%26+Deluxe)

As far as I know, getting a "matched set" in hardcover is pretty much down to buying first editions where you can (sites like [AbeBooks](http://www.abebooks.com/servlet/SearchResults?bi=h&bsi=0&sortby=17&tn=history+of+middle-earth) are helpful to some extent, you can also try your luck at eBay).

I think there are trade paperback sets by [HarperCollins](http://tolkiengateway.net/w/images/thumb/3/39/Daniel_Helen_-_The_History_of_Middle-earth.png/666px-Daniel_Helen_-_The_History_of_Middle-earth.png) that had a unified look too, if you can find them.
If you want matching hardcovers, outside of the 3-volume sets, prepare to shell out some serious cash.

The US versions have never matched, as Houghton Mifflin put the middle 4 (dubbed *The History of the Lord of the Rings*) in a different style. Though they look like [this](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/d0/b4/c5/d0b4c5225bcb611b4621299c5cab1425.jpg). They haven't been printed in a long time so you'll have to go second hand through various sites.

Otherwise can go for the [UK editions](http://www.tolkienlibrary.com/press/images/Home.jpg), can either try to find them individually or could opt to go for Print-on-Demand editions available from [tolkien.co.uk](http://www.tolkien.co.uk/category/Middle-earth+%26+Beyond#esp_pg=3) at £40.00 a piece -- but they'll match and be very similar in appearance to the originals (though all dust jackets, etc. would haver HarperCollins branding)
I'm curious, why are you opposed to the 3 volume boxed set? I have them and think they're great!
Nice try Sauron...
Mordor...also known as Amazon.
badalijewelry.com make beautiful Tolkien jewelry. 
Did you make this account specifically to ask this question?
Fireworks, beer/mead, weed substituting for longbottom leaf in old timey wood pipes. 

I'd read some excerpts maybe from the Lay of Luthien, I know Bilbo translated the Silmarillion. I know there's a scene in the Hobbit describing Bilbo's "bravest thing he ever did" when going in to see Smaug for the first time. That's a great one.
Songs! Singalongs! The Hobbit is full of them, of all different kinds. The song sung by Thorin and co in Bilbo's house is one of my favorites.
That is unbelievably amazing. Hats off to you, man.
So what exactly are you doing in this clip? To my very untrained eye, it looks pretty finished?
How much does one like this run for usually? 
I personally like the Gandalf the Grey one better, but this is still amazing.
Amazing detail.  Wow!
One may be the saddest Metallica song ever.  Gandalf looks great.

Would you consider selling that sculpt in 1/6th scale?
Lol with One playing in the background...
Gothmog went down in Gondolin. That was the only 'name' on the evil side to die; of course by that point Morgoth didn't really have a lot of high profile underlings left. Plenty of toadies though!

Evil in Middle Earth fades. All power is essentially drawn from Iluvatar. Morgoth had no chance against God's army. They could stroll in at Morgoth's peak and wreck him. 

Morgoth by himself outclassed anyone in middle earth before they showed up, but he clearly loses power incrementally with time. The "consequences" really aren't conditional. Iluvatar, to Morgoth's face, tells him that no matter what he does, ever, it will only be because Iluvatar designed it to be so.
How old's your son?
Some of my best memories come from watching the Lord Of The Rings films with my family. Glad to hear you guys enjoyed them!
Pretty sure it's an attempt at *Happiness* with some mistakes.
Do you know what mode they are using, or what language they are writing in? Best I can tell, it's English Orthographic with a couple of mistakes.

My first instinct would be to say it reads "Hattiness", but obviously that isn't a real word. If the tehta on the second tengwar were placed closer to the luva, it could possibly represent the English letter "P" instead of two "T's", as I had originally assumed. In that case it would read "Hapiness". 

Once again, that isn't a word, but it is at least recognizably similar to an English word. Moving the tehta closer to the luva (again, on the second tengwar), and then adding an additional tehta slightly below the first, would represent the letter "P" twice, in which case, this word would be "Happiness".

If I had to hazard a guess, that would be my first choice. However, it's entirely possible (although it would be an incredible coincidence that a recognizable word emerged) that she's not transliterating from English, and is writing in either a different language or a different mode (or both).

Also, "Happiness" is kind of a weird message to send in isolation to a friend. It doesn't really convey any sort of idea or "message", it's just an individual word. This makes me think it's entirely possible I've translated incorrectly.

Sorry if this wasn't helpful, I did my best.
Thank you /u/PurelySC and /u/Tiarmal! I will ask her if my 'phone a friend' was a success. 
i would guess it is a GOOD DAY
Hey!  I painted that!  How are you kiddo?

[Here's the originals](http://lotrscrapbook.bookloaf.net/gallery/bookcovers/pages/04.htm)
Your dad knows your reddit handle.
That's the cover of *The Hobbit* that Tolkien hated. I guess it's sort of a vintage fan thing now though!
That's awesome. I know that Tolkien didn't like those covers. I know they don't really show anything in the book. I don't care. They caught my imagination when I was a kid, and I love them.
Your dad is a real artist ....bravo 
I had those books! They were pretty much the only Tolkien art you could find in those days, and they weren't very Tolkien-y at all. Still, excellent nostalgia and excellent mural.
How much do you need the keyboard? Is it for school or work?
My belief is that no one should every buy display swords ever for any reason. You can just go an look at swords in sword stores as often as you go past them. That should be plenty to make you happy. Do you really need it on your wall?

But hey, maybe you feel differently. 

If you don't post an update we riot. 
I would have eaten the $15 and given them to her for free.
I'm watching the extended edition DVD of the fellowship RIGHT NOW, and I just got to the scene where Gandalf says that line.insaw this post and it blew my mind.
Great story! Maybe this sub-reddit should consider a kind of "donate a copy of LOTR" effort, like the movement to put Bibles into motels.
I was about her age when I borrowed a VHS (that's right!) of Fellowship from a friend. I watched it every day until I had to return it.
If you didn't care about the money and really wanted her to see it (to the point of practically begging her for 4 hours), why didn't you just give it to her for free?
How can someone likes wizards, elves and magic but never heard of LOTR??? Haha I feel like if I googled those words, LOTR would be the first result!
Yeah why didn't you gift them to her?
I mean, if you really didn't want to sell them, could've just... given them? :P 
RemindMe! 
Book > Movie
You have to take the $15, go to a used books store, buy her a copy of The Hobbit and the LOTR trilogy, and bring them to her.  It's now your responsibility to make sure she knows about Tom Bombadil.
Fuckin' bootlegs, man...
Sword not included. 
Little Sauronny has one hell of a party ahead of him 
lit
r/crappyoffbrands
What are you talking about? That's just a generic, non copyrighted Dark Crusader.
I'd definitely recommend [this](https://youtu.be/hHh3ntYT0HA) set (60th anniversary edition). I have it myself, and I couldn't be happier about it.

All three books are separated, so it's not a huge brick you have to hold when reading. And as a huge bonus with this edition, the readers companion
I highly recommend this set if you can find it!

https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00A603ZGA/ref=mp_s_a_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1474388316&sr=8-2&pi=SX200_QL40&keywords=lotr+alan+lee+set&dpPl=1&dpID=51JgE6Wj1TL&ref=plSrch

It's a beautiful hardcover 3 edition set with amazing paintings by Alan lee. They area little bigger but very nice to read. There is also a matching hobbit and Silmarillion book that are same size and filled with paintings.

Highly recommend it!!! 
[This](http://www.barnesandnoble.com/mobile/w/lord-of-the-rings-j-r-r-tolkien/1100188646?ean=9780618517657&st=PLA&sid=BNB_DRS_Core+Shopping+Books_00000000&2sid=Google_&sourceId=PLGoP681&k_clickid=3x681) is the version that I have and I absolutely love it. It has all the books in one volume and comes with beautiful maps inside the front and back covers. It's very well put together and I couldn't be happier with it. 

Because it is an all in one book, it is VERY large and very heavy. Not really something that I like to carry around with me. I have a set of the individual volumes for when I am traveling or going to read in the woods or really anytime I am not in my house. I'm looking to get the 60th Anniversary edition(for this specific reason) and it will compliment my 50th very well. In the end it comes down to personal preference though. 
I'm a big fan of the Harper Collins softcover omnibus with John Howe's illustration of Gandalf on it. Mine says it's from 1995, printed in Glasgow
So looked up the writer of the review and this just became a lot more interesting.

*"Michael Whitney Straight was an American magazine publisher, novelist, patron of the arts, a member of the prominent Whitney family, and a confessed spy for the KGB"*
Sort of interesting how they refer to the Red Book as though it were real and not a way to frame the story.
Well I'm glad I didn't encounter this review before reading the books, because it basically retells the whole plot.
Tol Eressëa. Not quite Valinor afaik
I feel like this is a stupid answer but I'm pretty sure it was a metaphor for the afterlife
Um, have you seen or read the series?  

He goes with the elves in the boats to Valinor
Yes he was there with them. In the book Frodo was the one who caused the nazgul that came to flee after he was stabbed by calling upon the queen of the Valar
He was right there but if I remember correctly, Frodo had put on the ring so Aragorn wouldn't have been able to see him.
It says that Strider went at them with a fire stick in each arm as they approached Frodo. Doesn't elaborate though. 
definitely hand-sewn... but that's not Thorin
(According to various writings of Tolkien's published in *The History of Middle-earth*:) When Elves die their spirits go the Halls of Mandos in Valinor, from which (after a period of reflection or "purgatory") they are usually reembodied by the Valar. This is nothing unusual. The unusual thing about Glorfindel is that he returned to Middle-earth after his resurrection instead of remaining in Valinor. In Vol. 12 of HoMe, Tolkien discusses Glorfindel's return and suggests that he came back during the second age to help Elrond and Gil-galad in the war against Sauron.
It is assumed that they are one and the same in two versions of Glorfindel's return given in **Last Writings**. The one is that he came with Gandalf around T.A. 1000, "*(possibly as one of a small party, (1) more probably as a sole companion) landed with Gandalf-Olórin about Third Age 1000*." (Last Writings, Glorfindel) and the other was that he arrived in the 2nd Age on a Númenórean vessel.

Elvish resurrection is not really a big deal because Elves are bound to Arda. It is said that "*The Eldar say that more than one re-birth is seldom recorded... many, doubtless, that have twice died do not wish to return*." (Laws and Customs Among the Eldar) From this, there are even occurrences of multiple rebirths. In the **Silmarillion** after Finrod Felagund dies it is said:

> Finrod walks with Finarfin his father beneath the trees in Eldamar. [Of Beren and Lúthien]

Míriel Therindë is reborn after her husband Finwë agrees to not come back. This is due to her former decision to never return which allowed for the severance of their marriage and Finwë's marriage to Indis.

In the 2nd version Glorfindel is said to have returned to Middle-earth "*in the crisis of the Second Age, when Sauron invaded Eriador, to assist Elrond, and that though not (yet) mentioned in the annals recording Sauron's defeat he played a notable and heroic part in the war*." (Last Writings, Glorfindel) It is further stated about this S.A. return:

> This must probably have occurred before the end of the Second Age, and the 'Change of the World' and the Drowning of Númenor, after which no living embodied creature, 'humane' or of lesser kinds, could return from the Blessed Realm which had been 'removed from the Circles of the World'… His return must have been for the purpose of strengthening Gil-galad and Elrond, when the growing evil of the intentions of Sauron were at last perceived by them. It might, therefore, have been as early as Second Age 1200, when Sauron came in person to Lindon, and attempted to deceive Gil-galad, but was rejected and dismissed. (14) But it may have been, perhaps more probably, as late as c. 1600, the Year of Dread. [Last Writings, Glorfindel]
I wonder why the kinslaying was such a big deal then, when they were getting resurrected a dime a dozen just a stone's toss away.
Portlander here, how in depth are we gonna be going with the trivia? I don't wanna show up and get absolutely rekt. Great idea though! Let me know 
Book IV follows Frodo and Sam. Book III follows the rest of the surviving members of the Fellowship. There's no reason I can think of that you can't read them out of order. If you've seen the movies, you know generally what happens anyway.

This reasoning does not apply to *Return of the King*, I should mention.
It really depends on personal taste, but I massively prefer book 3 to book 4. JRRT mentions in the Foreword how different people preferred different parts of the book.

Book 3 is the story of Aragorn going to Rohan and the stuff with Théoden and Saruman and Gandalf returning. Book 4 is mostly Frodo and Sam, and Gollum, and of course Faramir. 
I actually read 4 before 3. Really didn't make any difference :)
Book IV covers more time than Book III. Book III ends right around the time chapter 4 of Book IV starts. 

I have devised for myself a complex chronological reading system, but I'm uneasy recommending it gor first time readers.  

Here's my reading suggestion to help break things up:

chapters 1-3 of Book III

Book IV chapter 1

Book III chapter 4. This is a long one, so if it helps, stop halfway through, like before the Entmoot.

Book III chapters 5-6

Book IV chapter 2

Rest of Book III chapter 4

Book III chapters 7-10

Book IV chapter 3

Book III chapter 11

Then the rest of book IV.
They are corrupted. It is only that the 7 couldn't completely overthrow a dwarf's will nor turn him into a wraith. But they certainly caused massive gold-lust in their bearers, which caused them to do all sorts of irrational things.

There is no telling what the One would have done, however, since it was more powerful than the 7.
Reading through these threads it always amazes me how under appreciated Hobbits are regarded. Gandalf explains in the fellowship of the ring the tenacity of Hobbits to withstanding the effects of the ring. In addition to their ability to seemingly disappear from plain sight. People always wonder about why they chose such an impossible method for getting the ring to Mount Doom, but I believe Gandalf knew all along that the best bet would be to rely on the cunningness, bravery, and determination of Frodo. Not to mention he was in fact able to sneak through Morodor without notice. So in regards to your post, I believe that Gandalf influenced the council at Rivendell not to give it to Gimli or any of the other seemingly more capable members of the fellowship because he knew that the fate of the ring was tied to Frodo and was willing to believe that he had it in him. 
Whilst the One Ring still existed, none of the other rings of power were safe, including the 7 that belonged to the dwarves.

Yes, the dwarves were effected by the influence of the One ring. A good example is Thorin's Grandfather (Thror) and Father (Thrain).

You can find the following details in the pages following the Return of the King (as Chronological notes, I think):

1. Following Smaug's coming, Thror, Thrain and Thorin escape the lonely mountain. Thror gives Thrain his ring of power and travels east to Moria.

     On reaching Moria, he proceeds to enter it, **with no weapons or armour**, thinking he would be made welcome, despite the fact that the city had gone silent for a long time. And all this, despite the  misgivings of his traveling companion. 

     Thror gets killed by Azog and what follows is the [Battle of Dimrill Dale](http://lotr.wikia.com/wiki/Battle_of_Azanulbizar), a conflict that saw heavy casualties on both sides and was a pyrrhic victory for the dwarves. 

2. Years later, Thrain (with his ring of power) **wanders alone** in the direction of Dol Guldur, gets tortured and is subsequently killed. His ring is sent south to Mordor. 


Gandalf was their intervention...
No, they wouldn't.

Presumably they could, of course, they took on considerably more than that in the first age (with Beleriand in even worse shape at the time, too) and won. But from the third age on, Middle Earth wasn't their direct problem anymore.

Kind of irresponsible of them, in a way. They had Sauron captured after the War of Wrath and let him get away.
Sauron would never be too powerful for the Valar to defeat. A lone Maia cannot compete with the power of a single Vala, let alone all of them.

Would the Powers actually come to Middle-Earth to fight one of their fallen servants? Absolutely not. Manwe will not come down from the White Mountain until the Last Day.

If the Valar would deign to aid Middle-Earth again, it would be by sending some of their servants to that land, as they did in the War of Wrath. But it would take a great plea from a valued voice to sway their hearts.

If Sauron was completely victorious and Gandalf the White was slain, the spirit of Olorin might return to the West and speak to the Valar in the Ring of Doom.

There in the Mahanaxar, Olorin might persuade the Powers to aid an embattled Middle-Earth against the depredations of the Dark Lord.

If Manwe and the others did acceded to Olorin's request, their response would no doubt be the same as the War of Wrath.

Ten thousand Vanyar and Noldor Elves would set sail from Valinor back to Middle-Earth, led by the mighty Maia Eonwe. The Elves would easily slay the Easterlings, Haradrim and Orcs that served Sauron. With rembodied Elves such as Fingolfin, Fingon, Turgon, Ecthelion and many other mighty warriors, the thralls of Sauron would fall like ripe wheat before the scythe.

Even the Nazgul would be destroyed, if not by the Elves then most definetely by the power of the Maiar that accompanied the Host of the Valar.

Eonwe and his comrades would shatter the very mountains Ash and Shadow, breaking Mordor open with extreme force. Once inside, they would head straight for Barad-dur, and with the might they possessed, they would knock the Dark Tower down.

Whether Sauron came forth or not would be irrelevant in the face of such divine might. If Sauron did come forth to face his enemies, Ring or no Ring, he would be defeated. Eonwe would personally hew his legs off as he did with Sauron's Master in the First Age.

The Maiar would bind Sauron with Againor and drag him back to Valinor bound and gagged, where the Valar would thrust him through the Door of Night to join his Master in the Void.

Of course, it would take a very impassioned plea to get the Valar to intervene again. And if they did, all of Mordor would be completely destroyed and the Sea would flow into the Black Land, changing the shape of Middle-Earth again. Most of Gondor would probably be drowned as well and the Men of the West would have to rebuild in Eriador.

The Valar would only intervene if there was no hope left for anyone else to stop Sauron. But if they did intervene directly, Sauron would have no chance at all. 
What would have happened if Middle Earth fell and there were no men or elves or hobbits to fight alongside Gandalf?

Well....after the atrocity Feanor and the Noldor committed, the Valar resolved to never intervene directly. So if Gandalf fails, there'd be no help for Middle earth from their side.

Would they act if Sauron tried to invade the undying lands? 

Well...first off, I don't see Sauron getting past the sea spirit Osse.

Secondly, even if Sauron and his armies make landfall in the undying lands, I can't see Tulkas doing nothing. He'll probably destroy everything Sauron can throw at him...whilst laughing that is. 
They would.

The fact that they were not intervening directly was just because they didn't want to cause destruction on the land, but they would always give up on this principle at the utmost end of need.

Let's remember Melkor. The Valar used to fight with him all the time and it always ended up wrecking shit. So they finally decided to stay in the Undying Lands, and let the matter of resisting Melkor or joining him rest in the hands of the people of Middle-Earth. Well, they tried but were unable to resist Melkor, who conquered everything. Earendil, a *mortal*, was permitted to sail to Valinor and tell Manwe that the fight was now officially hopeless and everyone was enslaved. So they turned back on their decision not to fight in Middle-Earth, they smacked down Melkor's armies and fortresses, destroying Beleriand in the War of Wrath.

Now, in the Third Age, if Sauron conquered everything in Middle-Earth, Olorin would sail back west and say the people want to be free of Sauron but everyone's been enslaved. The stakes having been raised higher than the cost of the destruction that would befall Middle-Earth with the invasion of the Host of the Valar, the Valar would be moved into action by his plea, overthrow Sauron and probably tear up that beautiful Shire countryside.
Read calmly and slowly. There's a lot (really, a lot) of information, it can be difficult to remember and follow all names.
I just bought it yesterday and the cashier goes "Ah, so you're attempting to read one of the most difficult books of all time."  His advice: take your time and try to appreciate it. 
The atlas of middle earth is a great companion book to the Silmarillion. It really helped me keep track of names and places.
There are two chapters in particular that are excruciatingly painful to get through.  but as long as you are patient and dont give up on it the book is very much worth it.
Read slow, use a bookmark, don't expect to do any speed reading. There's a list of names in the back if you forget someone, but these often contain spoilers, so beware of that. If you can't remember someone, I recommend looking them up and then writing down who they are somewhere. I always forgot the same people, so having an explanatory bookmark really helped me stay on track.

Don't take long breaks from reading. I read a little every day until I was done . It's very dense and easy to lose the plot in some places.
If you have any trouble reading at all, or become frustrated with the style, search for the audiobook on youtube by Martin Shaw. I read the books two times, but it all didn't really come together completely until I listened to the audiobook. Now I read it annually. The audiobook really helped with the pacing, pronunciation, and style it is written.
Many characters and places have multiple names, either in different languages or because their circumstances change. Don't let this hinder you (and in fact, it makes the book so much richer on second and subsequent readings as you put it all together). Do have fun finding characters referred to in The Lord of the Rings (or are even the same elves, from 7000 years before LotR!). It is both epic and sublime, and worth the attention.

If you have some trouble with the names and the syntax of sentences, I also highly recommend the audio version, read by Martin Shaw. He does a very good job verbalizing the material (which on a certain level was meant to be read aloud.)
I always wrote down a character's name and a little about them when they were first introduced and added to their "entry" when they resurfaced, if ever.

I also made very limited family trees and my own chart for all the groups of eives. There are a lot.
Keep a bookmark on the index and family trees, keep a map of Beleriand handy and refer to them when confused.  Don't read too many chapters in one sitting and be willing to reread the book several more times to appreciate it to its full effect.
If you don't mind spending a hour or two of listening between each chapter, the Donation Silmarillion Seminar is a great companion. 

Don't stress about all the names! You'll get tons of them and think, "Oh God! How am I supposed to remember all these?" The secret? You don't need to. Every time long lists of names are mentioned only about half will come back. 

If you don't mind being a little but studious, take notes. For every book I've ever read with a ton of characters I've kept a small notebook. I write down character names and information as they're introduced, leaving plenty of room for additional notes as things develop.

The first time through you can really just skim the chapter "Of Belariand and it's Realms." It's an interesting chapter, and it's really Tolkien letting his nerd banner fly, but it can be can boring if you're looking for story or don't lists of maps and names.

Study the pronunciation guide in the back. Tolkien knew exactly how all these names should be pronounced, and created consistent rules for doing so. It's satisfying to say them all correctly. In a similar vein, the glossary that gives you the translations of elvish words is fun. You can use it to decipher the meanings of the names of characters, places, and events.

If some things seem to be repeated or disjointed, keep in mind that this was a life spanning work for Tolkien that was never assembled or truly completed in his lifetime. 

It's one of my favorite books ever. Have fun!
good luck loved my 1st read (it's my go to toilet book now!)
Read aloud when you can. Also know that everything in the book has like three names. Don't get overly concerned with knowing all of them, just try to loosely keep important ones straight. And lots of names start with F and that can get confusing.

Oh, and having a map handy can help. And be advised there's a chapter where literally nothing happens; it's just description. When I read it aloud to my sister I skipped it.

Sometimes the narrative goes back and covers things it already glossed over, like the Bible does. 
Tips for reading a book?
Start at page 1.

I don't really know what you want...? It's a book, a very good book - read it...
Skip the creation chapters at the start. You can always come back to those if you want to, but they are pretty 'specialized' interests. The book is not a novel and you don't have to read it like one.

The giants are actually stone-giants, not storm giants, and according to *The Hobbit* they are throwing boulders for the fun of it. Here's the relevant passage:  
>Bilbo had never seen or imagined anything of the kind. They were high up in a narrow place, with a dreadful fall into a dim valley at one side of them. There they were sheltering under a hanging rock for the night, and he lay beneath a blanket and shook from head to toe. When he peeped out in the lightning-flashes, he saw that across the valley the stone-giants were out, and were hurling rocks at one another for a game, and catching them, and tossing them down into the darkness where they smashed among the trees far below, or splintered into little bits with a bang. Then came a wind and a rain, and the wind whipped the rain and the hail about in every direction, so that an overhanging rock was no protection at all. Soon they were getting drenched and their ponies were standing with their heads down and their tails between their legs, and some of them were whinnying with fright. They could hear the giants guffawing and shouting all over the mountainsides.  
“This won’t do at all!” said Thorin. “If we don’t get blown off, or drowned, or struck by lightning, we shall be picked up by some giant and kicked sky-high for a football.”

Their backstory is not really known. The giants are actually a recurring point of discussion in Tolkien lore, since they are mentioned several times in *The Hobbit*, but never (as actual, existing creatures) in *The Lord of the Rings* or the *Silmarillion*.  
There were giants in Tolkien's earlier writings (see the *Book of Lost Tales*), but he seems to have dropped them from the Legendarium later on. One stance is that the giants mentioned in *The Hobbit* are simply remnants of those earlier writings, and shouldn't be considered canonical for Tolkien's greater world. It's a point of contention, though.

As for the stone-giants as mentioned in the Hobbit, there's not a lot of information to go on. Apart from the passage above, there's really only two interesting bits in there. 

Gandalf explains of Beorn that:  
>Some say that he is a bear descended from the great and ancient bears of the mountains that lived there before the giants came.

So apparently the giants drove out the bears when they came, but from where, or when, is not elaborated.

Gandalf also considers whether he "can’t find a more or less decent giant" to block a Goblin-hole. This implies that the giants are not necessarily evil, and can be talked to, reasoned with, and may even render help if asked.  
However, since Gandalf doesn't actually talk to a giant, this is not corroborated in the story.
It's the Onion, I know, but it rings true. I remember watching that exact moment for the first time when I was 13, and it was a gut punch.

"NOOOOOO!" - Frodo, speaking for us all.
On the couch in the basement, summer between 5th and 6th grade. I don't remember that exact moment (to my deep regret), but I started reading *Fellowship* midmorning, and next thing I knew Mom was telling me that dinner was ready, the Fellowship was leaving Lothlorien, I was starving, and really had to pee.
I was more devestated than when Merlin blew himself to Bermuda.
Favorite part - Aragorn stumbling as he goes up the steps.  For once he was caught off guard, unmanned, devastated.  
Yeah I remember... this was before the movies.. I read that chapter and was like "man... fuck this book."   Didn't pick that shit up again for a week. However I have to say (spoiler alert), I was so fucking happy when Gandalf returned.  What an emotional rollercoaster. When Dumbledore died I was hoping for the same... yeah fuck that book too.
6th Grade English class. Towards the end of the School year we'd finished work so I was reading in class.
Where were yu wen gandalf fell

I was on couch drinking dwarf fluid when frodo rings

"Gandalf is fell"

no

And yu???

i was in a bar in bree when i read it in the newspaper ... a horrible day
As a kid, although I most likely saw it after the end of the trilogy because I had no coherent idea of the order of the movies.

Oops.
I want to know if Elrond knew this was going to happen beforehand and if that damn Elf-lord was ever held accountable for sending him on this mission.
Aw. Copenhagen gets labeled but not Denmark?
So Turkey is Mordor. Given recent events, that sounds about right.

Edit: 

##I hereby declare Iceland as Valinor!

* Far to the west of Middle Europe/Earth.

* Beautiful landscape. 

* Inhabited by a mysterious, seafaring people.

* [Everyone's related to each other.](http://www.cbc.ca/beta/news/business/kissing-cousins-icelandic-app-warns-if-your-date-is-a-relative-1.1390256)
Shouldn't it be "United Kingdom" rather than "Great Britain"?
Petty issue though, cool map!
[deleted]
Wish they had a map of Australia 
Looks great, but I think it would be cooler if the Sigil was in the same color scheme as the rest! 😄
Is there a higher resolution?
Literally the first thing i thought of when i saw this was "Wow, this would be such a cool fantasy setting for a videogame or something"

Then i remembered i actually live there.
/r/mapporn would like this as well I bet.
Always leaving out Scotland
[deleted]
What do the lines represent? Just looking at Britain they look random.
What does it say for those mountains in the south of Spain? Can't make it out
Where we learn that Malta doesn't exist. It's probably Numenor.
america = lands of mordor.  

the eye of Sauron = the eye of Providence.  

annuit coeptis + novus ordo seclorum.

the twin towers = the two towers, etc  
Fellowship of the Ring was first released in July, 1954.

Lord of the Flies was first released in September of 1954. 
Lord of Drinks, obviously.
This is great. When I read the books the first time (as a 7 year old) I thought they were literally flying when gandalf says that. 
Also, I think the last line of this scene is important for this:
 
"Then she fell on her knees, saying: ‘I beg thee!’
‘Nay, lady,’ he said, and taking her by the hand he raised
her. Then he kissed her hand, and sprang into the saddle,
and rode away, and did not look back; and only those who
knew him well and were near to him saw the pain that he
bore."
 
I'll bet they legit felt sorry for him, cause they knew that was a painful encounter for him. 
Nah. They were probably too deep into their Fangorn vs Glittering Caves debate to notice. 

Also, I think by that point they had a really good understanding of who Aragorn was and their respect for him was unwavering.
The Sackville-Bagginses already owned Bag End. Frodo sells it to Lobelia and Lotho before he sets out in Fellowship.

When they come back to the Shire, Lotho has been killed, and Lobelia is really old, or she just leaves? At any case it seems that ownership reverts back to Frodo*

Edit: *who then leaves it to Sam
Sam inherited Bag End, but it's hard to say who inherited it after that, because his daughter Elanor married Fastred of Greenhelm and they founded the settlement of Undertowers in the Westmarch.

In any case, there aren't any more Sackville-Bagginses. Their line was wiped out after the deaths of Lotho and Lobelia.
The end of a war isn't supposed to be disney fairy tale happiness.  Tolkien did a great job making you feel that emptiness after all was over.  He was in WW1 and lost many friends.  In the end, all you have is longing and sorrow after war.  There are no good feelings.
*And now I feel extremely empty and dead inside.*

Ah yes.  A terrible feeling ending a long deep read.  You are suffering from a condition I call *post partum literatum*.  I wish you well in your recovery.  

My go to suggestion for follow up to *The Lord of The Rings* is Neal Stephenson's *Anathem*.  It takes a while to get up to speed, but trust me it is a deeply engaging novel and will help you leave Middle-earth behind.
What do you mean? Didn't like them anymore on the second read?
The book made me happy at the end, but a sort of melancholy happiness that's very difficult to explain.
After connecting the dots of what happened to Bilbo's dwarf friends in Lord of the Rings, it made me...... sad. 
I thought LOTR The Return Of The King for PS2 was pretty great
Lego Lotr for was me was really cool since you could actually explore from the shire through to Mordor, and most places in between , the Lego hobbit series had essentially the same thing too
Lord of the rings: conquest may not be the most accurate game story wise, however it's fun as dicks. I still play that game 5 years later. 
Slightly obscure one and of course very dated, but The Fellowship of the Ring on PS2/PC. It was a very early PS2 game and was made ***before*** the movies, which is great as it includes parts that are not in the movies (Bombadil!) and is free to explore Hobbiton, Weathertop, Moria, the Barrow Downs etc. in its own way. It was a great game with a lot of detail and fits your question perfectly if you don't mind going a bit retro. [Gameplay](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=spVUwLu4avE).

I'd also like to mention The Third Age. This was a late-PS2 era game in the style of old Final Fantasy games, if that floats your boat. It's based on the movies but follows a non-canon story of some characters whose journey parallels - and sometimes crosses - those of the fellowship, and is a great way of exploring Rohan, Lothlorien and regions in general that you only see the main parts of in the movies. [Gameplay](https://youtu.be/Cz27nX2lajE?t=3s). I played this endlessly.
This is why I was really sad when the MERP mod for Skyrim was killed by WB.
Nevertheless, and despite their flaws, I will suggest some of the newer games with good graphics. Shadow of Mordor and War in the North.
I'm going to promote BfME II RotWK, because I create mods and maps for the game, although top down is probably not your thing.
Lastly, we have LotR Conquest, which has locations all around Middle-earth and is still a decent quality.
I realize minecraft is not for everyone, but the detail and scope of this project is mindblowing https://ardacraft.me/
Really, I haven't seen any game with nearly as good a representation of Middle-earth as a world as LotRO. Certainly nothing in the Shire. 
My favourite LoTR game has to be the Battle for Middle Earth series, sadly they are RTS games so there are not much interaction with the environment, but they are still great games.
One of my favorites is The Third Age. RPG and Turn-based, but i thought it was WAY before it's time on Xbox. Doesn't follow the story at all, but more of a back story. Graphics we're top notch..... It was ideally a LOTR version of FF.
Go out and buy Medieval: Total War II (should be cheap these days) and get the Third Age mod. [It's fantastic](http://www.moddb.com/mods/third-age-total-war)
The Fourth Age: Total War - The Dominion of Men is a mod for Rome Total War. It has custom settlements and others are being added in its "Cities of Middle-earth" packs. The best mod for Middle-earth for Tolkien purists. Very polished overhaul.
LOTR: Conquest
I don't know how far you got in LOTRO, but the Rohan and Gondor zones added in recent years have been incredible compared to the initial regions (see: Minas Tirith).
The minecraft MC middle earth server looks epic, it also has a lot of places that arent shown in the books or movies,but are known to exist (like fornost) ip: build.mcmiddleearth.com
There's this new game called real life, it's pretty great.

But seriously, Middle-earth wasn't that fantastical at all compared to places like Tamriel or Scadriel (-riel seems to be a popular suffix for fantasy places, now that I think about it). Other than the fact that the Misty Mountains would've created quite a large rain shadow (I think), and the cities of course. But I recently went on a hike in Sequoia National Park and the whole time it reminded me of Ithilien.
The person who made me the cake had no knowledge about Lord of the Rings, it was my friends mum, and my friend while watching her make the sword thought it looked good broken, so told her to leave it that way. It's a detail I can overlook, as it's one of the best birthday presents I've ever received.
Why is Sting broken?  Other than that detail, it's an amazing cake!
I would struggle to eat this because it's so awesome. 
This is fucking awesome
This is awesome! 

I have to admit I was expecting a ring shaped cake when I read the description.. I might steal that idea. 
Yeah I'm living here while going to university at MMU Cheshire 
That's one sexy cake.
... Share the CAKE.... 
Need this as my birthday cake this year!! 
[deleted]
The artist: http://anotherstranger-me.deviantart.com/gallery/
Was today your 111th birthday?
Fun fact: as a gift, JRRT received a chalice inscribed with the Black Speech upon the Ring of Power. He would only use it as an ash tray because the inscription is evil. Its because of this I will not get a tattoo of the inscription.
Awesome.
We wants it. We needs it. My precious
Simple and elegant.

is it just this one or is it a set of glasses?  either way, its pretty good.
Three quotes from the FOTR novel:

>''I wish it need not have happened in my time," said Frodo.
"So do I," said Gandalf, "and so do all who live to see such times. But that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.”

>Deserves it! I daresay he does. Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends. I have not much hope that Gollum can be cured before he dies, but there is a chance of it. And he is bound up with the fate of the Ring. My heart tells me that he has some part to play yet, for good or ill, before the end; and when that comes, the pity of Bilbo may rule the fate of many – yours not least.

>He (Bilbo) used often to say there was only one Road; that it was like a great river: its springs were at every doorstep, and every path was its tributary. "It's a dangerous business, Frodo, going out of your door," he used to say. "You step into the Road, and if you don't keep your feet, there is no knowing where you might be swept off to."
"I don't know half of you half as well as I should like, but I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve!"
Gandalf tells Theoden to walk outside with him after he's been held up in his halls for many days, full of doubt and sorrow under the poisonous words of Wormtongue:
 
Theoden: "It's not so dark out here."
This isn't excactly in the movie. When the fellowship leaves Lothlorien, lady Galadriel sings to them in elvish, she sings to Frodo her story and wishes that at least Frodo could find his way to Valinor after his task is fulfilled. 

"Ah! like gold fall the leaves in the wind, 
long years numberless as the wings of trees! 
The years have passed like swift draughts 
of the sweet mead in lofty halls beyond the West, 
beneath the blue vaults of Varda 
wherein the stars tremble in the song of her voice, holy and queenly. 

Who now shall refill the cup for me? 

For now the Kindler, Varda, the Queen of the Stars, 
from Mount Everwhite has uplifted her hands like clouds, 
and all paths are drowned deep in shadow; 
and out of a grey country darkness lies on the foaming waves between us,
and mist covers the jewels of Calacirya for ever. 
Now lost, lost to those from the East is Valimar!

Farewell! Maybe thou shalt find Valimar. 
Maybe even thou shalt find it. 
Farewell!"



“PIPPIN: I didn't think it would end this way.

GANDALF: End? No, the journey doesn't end here. Death is just another path, one that we all must take. The grey rain-curtain of this world rolls back, and all turns to silver glass, and then you see it.

PIPPIN: What? Gandalf? See what?

GANDALF: White shores, and beyond, a far green country under a swift sunrise.

PIPPIN: Well, that isn't so bad.

GANDALF: No. No, it isn't.”

This has never left my head. 
When Gandalf and Pippin are sat in Minas Tirith....wow shivers everytime https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BxRYwLMXesw

My favorite humorous quote...

"If you wish to know, I will tell you that these doors open outwards. From the inside you may thrust them open with your hands. From the outside nothing will move them, save the spell of command. They cannot be forced inwards."

"What are you going to do, then?", asked Pippin, undaunted by the wizard's bristling brows.

"Knock on the doors with your head, Peregrin Took," said Gandalf. "But if that does not shatter them, and I am allowed a little peace from foolish questions, I will seek for the opening words."
"Spear shall be shaken, shield be splintered, 
 a sword-day, a red day, ere the sun rises! 
 Ride now, ride now! Ride to Gondor!"

"What about Second Breakfast?"
"It is but a thought and a shadow that you love. I cannot give you what you seek." -Aragorn 
So many great quotes, but I do think my favourite(at the moment, at least) is: 

"'There is nothing, Lady Galadriel', said Gimli, bowing low and stammering. 'Nothing, unless it might be - unless it is permitted to ask, nay, to name a single strand of your hair, which surpasses the gold of the earth as the stars surpass the gems of the mine. I do not ask for such a gift. But you commanded me to name my desire'."

And then Galadriel gives him not one, but 3 strands of hair.

This is even more impressive because she denies Fëanor his request of a strand of her hair three times. 
Gandalf had the Ring of Fire.

It was of little or no use against the Balrog.
Yes, Gandalf had Narya, the ring of fire. Cirdan gave it to him. That is explained in the Appendix at the end of LOTR. It also explains that it has the power to inspire others, and the standard power of all the 3 elven rings to hide yourself from Sauron. There is no reference to any other power.

I searched the exact quote and Cirdan says:

 "Take this ring, master," he said, "for your labours will be heavy; but it will support you in the weariness that you have taken upon yourself. For this is the Ring of Fire, and with it you may rekindle hearts in a world that grows chill."

As I understand it, the ring also inspires the user ("it will support you in the weariness"), so you could say that it helped him, not with power but giving him hope. 


No. It was burned  long ago by Johnny Cash.

Badumtsss.
As others have said, Gandalf *does* have the Ring of Fire, but he does *not* use it against the Balrog. I'm assuming you're thinking of this because of Gandalf's line when he says *"I am a servant of the Secret Fire, wielder of the flame of Anor."*

To be clear, he is not referencing his Ring here. When he refers to "Secret Fire", he is referring to Eru Ilúvatar, who is the God (with a capital 'G') of Tolkien's universe. In short, Gandalf is revealing to the Balrog that, despite his appearance, he's not just a feeble old man, but is in fact a divine being sent down to Middle Earth, and is of roughly equal order to the Balrog itself.

Gandalf is basically telling the Balrog that if it doesn't retreat, it's going to have one hell of a fight on its hands.

To put it another way: Any connection between Gandalf's apparent affinity for fire magic, his possession of the Ring of Fire, and him being a servant of the Secret Fire, are all just coincidence in the names.
...and it burns, burns, burns....the ring of fire....the ring of fire.
I don't recall him using the ring of fire to motivate the balrog to fuck off? AAHHAAAHA
Wow, VHS.  It's been awhile....

I would highly recommend the Extended edition blu-rays however.
wow buraz kolko love tražiš za to hahahahahah
Sorry for the crappy quality, have not bothered to get a decent picture yet. Shading is half done and color will be added as well as scenery around the doors. 

EDIT: I'm also happy to take any suggestions for the tattoo. Next session will be adding blue to the doors and finishing the shading, plan from there is to add a small amount of water below and two trees either side interlocking at the top of the shoulder. 
Dude, that's an excellent start. You gotta keep the updates coming, I wanna see how it progresses! 
That looks awesome 
Beyond epic
Gorgeous tat! Much wizardry! Many magicks!
Glad you like the doors I built :)
You should get UV ink for the runes on the door ... Melon
Game of thrones (a song of ice and fire) maybe?
As far as books go:
---If you're certain about it being a 5-book series, then it's A Song of Ice and Fire (currently 5, 6th in progress). It has been adapted to Game of Thrones (TV Show).

---If you're certain about chronicles, it's either Kingkiller Chronicles (2 books written, no show) or Shannara (30ish books, and a show is called Shannara Chronicles).

---I'm blanking on 'sorceress' books.

In any case, I recommend any of those books highly---although reading 30+ shannara books can be difficult :P
The Shannara Chronicles, maybe? I like the book, but wouldn't recommend the show at all.
I know it is not GoT which I am currently reading. I checked out shanarra chronicles and I don't quite think that was it. Thanks everyone, I appreciate the effort.
Correct, Eru was the only one who had the ability to resurrect Gandalf from the dead.
Agree with Billy_Fish.  Only Eru with the flame imperishable could have resurrected Gandalf.  Remember Aulë created Dwarves, but they didn't have life until Eru gave them life.  I have a feeling if a Valar tried to give life back to Gandalf something similar would have happened.
Gandalf "strayed out of thought and time" meaning he left the mortal plane and passed back into the Outside where Eru dwells. So yeah, Eru resurrected him.
This is a good analysis of that, based on Tolkien's letters http://tolkien.cro.net/else/gdfdie.html

As I understand it, Gandalf sacrificed himself for the people of Middle Earth, and believed in Iluvatar judgement, so Iluvatar resurrected him with extra powers. Obviously inspired by Christ. 


I love wearing this shirt and having people tell me they think they have had that beer.
Below is the link, I waited for a 50% off sale they seem to have lots of sales on this site. 

[Erabor Stout](http://www.bustedtees.com/ereborstout) 

Some others you might like. I'm not affiliated with this company or the shirts artists just think they are cool and bought a few. 

[Bag End Brew](http://www.bustedtees.com/bagendbrew) 

[Mordor Dark Ale](http://www.bustedtees.com/mordordarkale)

[Rivendell Cider](http://www.bustedtees.com/rivendellcider) 

[Golden Hall Pilsner](http://www.bustedtees.com/goldenhallpilsner) 

[Greed Dragon Lager](http://www.bustedtees.com/greendragonlager) 

[Entmoot Maple Meed](http://www.bustedtees.com/entmootmaplemead) 


I'm not into print T-shirts but I'd take all of those as posters
Beautiful designs.
Of course the dwarves would drink stout...
It comes in pints?!
I'm not that helpful as I can't read Tengwar, but the word 'mellon' is on the inscription on the Doors of Moria, with a translation under it. It is a picture in chapter 4, *A Journey in the Dark*. You can also see the picture if you google Doors of Moria.

You might want to ask this question in /r/Tengwar as well, as that is the name of the script.

Aside from there being different Elvish languages (Quenya and Sindarin) with some dialects and varieties, there are also a few different ways Tengwar was used. I think the one on the Doors of Moria is called 'the mode of Beleriand'. I'm assuming you want that one.

I feel that it symbolises the upcoming friendship between Legolas. They even bicker about whose fault it was that the friendship between Elves and Dwarves was lost, just before they arrive at the doors:

> `Well, here we are at last! ' said Gandalf. 'Here the Elven-way from
Hollin ended. Holly was the token of the people of that land, and they planted
it here to mark the end of their domain; for the West-door was made chiefly
for their use in their traffic with the Lords of Moria. Those were happier
days, when there was still close friendship at times between folk of different
race, even between Dwarves and Elves.'

> 'It was not the fault of the Dwarves that the friendship waned,' said
Gimli.

> 'I have not heard that it was the fault of the Elves,' said Legolas.

> 'I have heard both,' said Gandalf; 'and I will not give judgement now.
But I beg you two, Legolas and Gimli, at least to be friends, and to help me.
I need you both. The doors are shut and hidden, and the sooner we find them
the better. Night is at hand! '

And of course they later become good friends.
The door of Moria looks like this 
http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/lotr/images/7/79/Moria_gate_image.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20110912215354

That's the illustration from the book, and the word would be the second one in the right, after the circle with 3 dots (As it says, Ennyn Durin aran Moria, pedo mellon...).

As you can see, it doesn't look like the one you have. Yours is standard Sindarin (and a lot of people use that because the font/typeface is easy to find and it looks nice). The Beleriand mode is different. 

Some variants can be seen simply searching google

 https://www.google.com/search?q=mellon&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwi586rJo5HPAhUC1BoKHSp6ArMQ_AUICCgB&biw=1248&bih=867#tbm=isch&q=mellon+elvish&imgrc=WCFNKdiEAbPNPM%3A

If it was me, I would take the moria door, cut the word, and vectorize it to make it bigger and keep the way Tolkien wrote it, even with his writing style. If you use a font it will look cleaner, but I like the 'handwritten' feel.

Get the one you think looks better. The one you choose is correct, if that's what worries you. 
Enjoy getting "randomly" screened at airports. If it's visible, that is.
I got some advice about tattoos that I've always followed. It's basically your temp tattoo idea, taken further. Print out what you want, and stick it someplace you'll see it every day. Wait a year. If it still seems like an awesome idea, then go for it.

I've yet to come up with one that passes the test.
The temporary idea is absolutely fantastic. I just got my first tattoo and it's something I sat on for a while. Tolkien has been something important to me from a young age and it's not something I can see changing, however I definitely had other tattoo ideas from when i was 18/19 that I'm glad I did not follow through with.

I think if it's your first tattoo and you have ever the smallest amount of doubt, get it in a place that can be easily covered up. Remember the tattoo is for you, if it's not always visible that shouldn't matter.
Great idea with the temporary tattoo! I got Bilbo's "So comes snow after fire, and even dragons have their endings" from the Hobbit book under a dwarven frame on my thigh. I love the quote, but the artist turned out to be pretty average and the line work on the frame isn't that good (thicker in some places than others etc) - also he disappeared so I've been looking for a new artist to finish the piece. My advice is to really know the artist you're going to and make sure their art and previous works are exactly what you're looking for. Make sure they know exactly what you want and don't settle for less. Also, let them know your budget and stick to it. Good luck!
I have those two lines on my shoulder in a circle, in the "LOTR font" rather than any kind of script, surrounded by Smaug. Over a year later, no regrets. Love it every time I see it.
The temporary idea is genious try it out 
I'm in the middle of reading The Lay of Leithian, so I was tickled to see this on r/fantasy. (The author is incorrect about Sauron's form during the events of LotR, but no other egregious errors popped out at me.)
When Rohan arrives at the battle of Pelennor Fields. I get goosebumps and tears every time. In the book that whole battle was a spiritual experience for me. 
"I would have followed you, my brother, my captain, my King" *Boromir dies*
The bit at Isengard where Merry and Pippin are sitting on that stone wall smoking pipe weed and they tell Gimli about the "salted pork". Really captures the essence of the cheeky relationship between those two.
I love the grey havens, as well as Gandalf telling pippin about what comes after death.



"End? No the journey doesn't end here. Death is just another path. One that we all must take"
 
Sam's scream of "No!" when frodo puts on the ring in Mount Doom. He doesn't know Gollum's going to show up, he just witnessed their entire experience fail and the death of Middle-Earth. It's potent.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YgbeVzYNIOE
theoden's immortal speech before the charge of rohan. i mean if i was in an army or a civil war and a leader spoke to me like that, i wouldn't give a shit about living or dieing. i would just attack like a crazy maniac longing for death.

DEATH!!
When Gandalf rides out to save Faramir from the Nazgul at Minas Tirith. That scene is stunning.
Gandalf's face at the council when Frodo says he will take the ring to Mordor
The journey through Lothlorien.
When Gandalf went kamikaze and shouted, "YOU. SHALL NOT. PASS!!!!" and, "Fly, you fools!"
When Theoden talks to Gandalf about Theodred's death.
On the Faramir point, Peter Jackson said he felt that the power of the ring was undermined if Faramir rejected it so easily. I think it works in the film just fine, and I don't view Faramir as weaker for it since he still had the resolve to send Frodo on his way eventually and his arc in ROTK really drives home his character.
Frodo is "middle aged" for a Hobbit. Think of him being like 25-30, rather than his actual 52 during the Quest.

And the only things I disagree with you on here are Faramir and the Scouring. It'd be super easy to fit in the Scouring, and the omission leaves out a very important moral -- things change when you're gone. And Faramir was my favorite character in the book, second to Sam of course, as he was a call back to a more noble age. The whole story between him, Boromir, and Denethor II was so...sad. Boromir, of course, redeemed himself at the last minute but had Denethor II gotten over his beloved son and sent the right man for the job, the Fellowship might not have broken at all! Faramir wouldn't have needed a last minute repentance.

And you didn't mention it, but I think Glorfindel shouldn't have been removed. Arwen's extended stuff in the movie was okay (if a bit misunderstood on the whole "choosing of her doom" thing), but Glorfindel is so awesome! People always talk about Tom Bombadil, but forget about the elf that slew several balrogs and then returned to Middle-earth to fight once more!

And as much as I like the part with Bombadil, I think it's best left out of an adaptation to film. It's so...bizarre. Works in books, but not in movies, kinda like the monologues, dreams, visions, and flashbacks a lot of characters have.
Good thoughts.   A lot to get to.   

I know a lot of ideas hard  fans were upset with the younger Frodo in the movies,   but it works for me. 
I have yet to read all the books, I am starting on the Two Towers tomorrow probably, but I personally feel that in the case of Fellowship the movie seemed much more light hearted. A friend who read the books also said that she felt the movies tried to paint a lighter tone.

The Fellowship alone presents a much more dangerous world in the novel. When the Hobbits are captured by the Barrow-down? I feel like that is its name, I could be totally wrong. But Frodo actually considers leaving his friends to die and move on with the ring by himself. Also all the characters seem much more...intelligent. Mary and Pippin in the movies I feel are left to the side, and Pippin really is comic relief or "too stupid to survive" until the last half of Return if the King. While Frodo and Sam are certainly the stronger characters for the Hobbits, Mary and Pippin don't feel useless to me in the books.

Also lets not forget how Frodo almost gets killed by an arrow on the River Anduin. The Mithril serves another purpose.

Edit: all in all though, and I whole-heartedly believe this, the fact that Jackson was able to make genuinely good adaptations of these books three times in a row is absolutely amazing. I cannot even begin to imagine how you begin to adapt a world so rich and complex as Tolkien's Middle-Earth.
I love the books. I am a fan of the movies. It's hard for me to separate and not be a little mad at Jackson because I will never see them done the way I want (yes, selfish I admit). My issues are a reiteration of some and one that seems to be missed so far. 
1. Arwen's prominent roll. Not a fan. I missed Glorfindel.  And despise that they gave her the flood scene. 

3. Frodo appears weak and doesn't refuse the wraiths at the Ford of Bruinen.  

2. The Shire. Part of the reason Frodo can't stay is because he set out to save the shire but felt like he really didn't. Because of the blood spilled on his doorstep. 
3. Aragorn fearing/not wanting his destiny. In the books he doubts his strength a little, but he never turns away from his destiny. He anxiously awaits for the time. He carries around the Shards of Narsil. He is spoiling for his chance. I never understood why that was changed. 
4. Gandalf looks weak in the movies. Like the only thing he does is fireworks. No wolves, no standoff at the door with the balrog. 

5. The witch king breaking Gandalf's staff. Nope. 

6. Faramir. It's already been said. 

7. Sam leaving. Never ever. I despise the scene. 

One of my favorite scenes (if not the favorite) is "My friends, you bow to no one."  
Great discussion, thanks for writing this. So you have only just read the books? Did you see the movies first? And you provided some excellent observations but I want to know how you felt after finishing the movies and books. 

I have read the books and watched the films countless times. I love them still and never feel the same when I finish. For me, I view the books and films separately, and believe they each stand on their own merits. Masterful works. I appreciate both the art and story of both. 

This post is reminding me it's about time to get the books down again...
> Frodo was much more prominent in the movies. 

I really noticed this, and thought it was a flaw in RotK. I understand why Jackson decided to have Merry & Pippin as cardboard cut-outs initially, but by the end of the third film they could have been much better developed, and a lot of the scenes with Frodo and Sam pall.

> In the books I believe he was older. I really got the impression he was more of a snarky old man in the books

The movie is pretty good on this. Frodo is 33, which is the hobbit equivalent of about 21. Bilbo was older in The Hobbit.

> Faramir was weaker in the movies. Like a second Boromir. Why'd they have him want to take the ring in the movies?

I agree: This is weak. We see Faramir’s temptation in the books, but it seems hammed in the movies. 

> Can't get over Sam leaving Frodo. 

Neither can I. Jackson seemed to want to make the characters a little less black and white, or something, but this is ham-fisted. 

> The themes were different. In the books, I got the sense that there was a theme of hope and beauty of nature and friends amidst their difficult task. The movies were similar, but the sense of doom was much more foreboding, and more battles and violence. The battles helped add suspense and sustain my interest. But they seemed much different from the book.

This is the crux of an inevitable problem with the movies. Tolkien was anti-war, and would have been aghast at the battle scenes. Some of it is all right, but the stuff with Legolas and Gimli is just awful. 

> Their was somewhat of a lack of politics in the movies. For example, in the movies Theoden serves Saruman because he is under a spell. In the books he was simply convinced to serve Saruman because of Saruman's words and fear. 

I would argue that the movies do this pretty well, all told. (At least, the extended versions.) The books depict Theoden as ensorcelled, and this is a great case of the very subtle magic which infuses Tolkien’s narratives. Wormtongue is a vector for that enchantment. Gandalf literally breaks the spell. 

> In the movies, Saruman was simply as servant of Sauron. In the books Saruman was described as playing the side that benefitted him. 

Again, this is complicated. By the time we run across him, Saruman has given way to despair, and his only hope is the Ring. Other than that, he is simply a servant of Mordor. 

> The extra Arwen scenes helped to add weight to Aragorn's quest

The writing is leaden, though.

> The wrestle between Frodo and Gollum on Mt Doom. It added suspense. And the conclusion was essentially the same: the ring destroyed itself through it's own violence

This is all good by me, too. 

>The scouring of the shire. Saruman essentially died the same way, through the same principles (his failure and evil caused his own demise). Loved that chapter but I think it would have been hard to fit in the movie.

Years before the films were conceived, I knew that this chapter would be removed from an eventual film. It’s the best chapter in the books, but it is easily cut out without causing problems.

I gotta disagree strongly with omitting the Scouring of the Shire from the films. It changes the story significantly if the Shire isn't involved in the War of the Ring at all. 

Peter Jackson also made a major mistake with the shadow/ghost/fell army. In the books they basically scared people, in the movies they were an unstoppable killing machine. 
As someone who has recently finished the books for the first, and am currently rereading them I can definitely say there are points the movie outshines the book and vice versa. I'd say by my preference they are both equal.
  
I was so looking forward to scenes in the book that I loved from the movie, such as Boromir's last words (I would've followed you, my brother, my captain, my King) but they were oddly short. And there were scenes from the book I couldn't believe they changed, such as Frodo's escape from the Nazgûl (You will have neither the ring, nor me).
  
They are both are my favorite of each category, movie and book series, and if you asked me to specify one it would be like picking a favorite child. They are both excellent interpretations of the events of Middle Earth, and nothing less.
I've had many years to mull this over, so forgive the length.

I read the books a few times before the movies had come out. I've watched the extended and theatrical, more often the extended because they're more "complete."

Jackson changed the entire point of the story in several key ways:

1. Tom Bombadil is the heart and soul of Middle Earth. And I believe that almost literally. He's an ainur. He and Goldberry are the goodness of the land, the beauty of nature. Cutting him was unforgivable. They find the magic swords in a barrow. In the movies, they are just handed swords at Bree. What a waste. The natural themes are much truncated, Ents notwithstanding.

2. Each time humans in the books band together, Jackson changes it to some other reason. Helmsdeep: In the books, it's only Gandalf and the riders that save Theoden. In the movie: Elves help and Fake Elf winds up dying a pointless fake death because...I don't know, before Gandalf comes with Eomer, et al. Jackson robs the spirit of the book: humans are good enough to stand together, to defeat the darkness by themselves because the elves don't give a fuck about humans. They're peacing out to Valinor. 

2.5.The same holds true for the battle of Pelinor Fields. In the books: Aragorn leads the ghost king's people (and the Dunedain) against the marauders coming down river to join the orcs horde or Mordor. Then Aragorn releases the ghosts. The Dunedain alone land at Pelinor and fight their way to the middle of the battle, saving the riders of Rohan from assured doom. In the movie: No Dunedain, just ghosts kill the marauders and everything at Gondor. There is no enduring love for the spirit and strength of humanity in Jackson's world. That's sad. 

And it goes perfectly with your thought that Sam willingly leaving him for a second is inconceivable: Tolkien's strength in unity is replaced by a cynical need for supernatural explanations and CGI opportunities.

That said, I still love much of what he did with LOTR. I just object to the complete evisceration of the most important theme in several places, even if it is upheld in ways like the last battle.
tl;dr: Jackson screwed the major theme, but kept some cool moments.
ps-The Hobbit was godawful, except for Smaug.
edit: Ainur, not Maiar. I didn't remember correctly.

If the movie had more politics and less conflicts we would have had a second Star Wars prequel trilogy /s

But I think PJ made all the right choices. Of course as a book reader I have my set of thoughts and disappointments but at least most of the choices make sense. For example new conflicts and more battles are, as you experienced yourself, to keep movie watchers entertained. There's more conflicts, there's more actions, and that's what movie watchers would have expected.
Aragorn falling off the cliff does have one redeeming factor. When Aragorn is riding to Helms Deep he see's the full scale of Saruman's army, which makes the tension between characters, especially him and Legolas, all the more great because they know they face impossible odds. 
Very cool to see your reactions. 
I completely disagree with you about the wrestling on the edge of The Crack of Doom. I feel that it sent an entirely different message than that sent in the book. In the book, Gollum's actions led to his own destruction. In the movie he would never have died if not for Frodo's aggression. 
Some great commentary here. I'm in the camp of those who are very critical of PJ and his adaptations. A few issues I had with the films that I haven't seen mentioned yet:

- Aragorn fighting off the ringwraiths on Weathertop. In the books, Aragorn admits that the Nazgul departed on their own accord. This scene is the beginning of PJ undermining the terrifying threat that the ringwraiths are to just about anyone other than Gandalf.

- Frodo being robbed of his, "you shall have neither me or the ring" scene at the Ford. (this is irrespective of the whole Arwen vs. Glorfindel debate.) This is one of my favorite moments in Fellowship and PJ undermines Frodo's strength of character and loses the chilling reaction of the Nazgul to Frodo's defiance.

- Aragorn falling off the cliff to his "death" in Two Towers. WTF was PJ thinking?

- Frodo offering the ring - in outstretched hand - to a flying Nazgul during the battle of Osgiliath scene. This is horrible on so many levels. 1) It once again cheapens Frodo's character. 2) It destroys the internal consistency of Tolkien's world, which required that the location of the ring remain hidden from Sauron. If I'm not mistaken, if the ring had been openly revealed to a Nazgul as depicted in the film, that information would have been quickly communicated (telepathically?) back to Sauron and it would have been GAME OVER. 3) The film depicts the Nazgul being driven off by men firing arrows at it. Seriously? At this point, PJ has turned the ringwraiths into impotent buffoons. In the books, the soldiers would have been cowering in terror and the Nazgul would have had nothing to fear from any meager resistance they could offer.
Nice discussion. 
I thought about this same thing last time I watched the movies.
Of course it would have been cool if the movies had stayed more true to the books, but in reality, few of PJ's changes really bother me. Currently, I can only think of:

* The scene in Two Towers with Aragorn falling off the cliff is stupid.
* Elves at Helms Deep

There are other things I'd wish were different like:

* Sticking closer to the books with regards to the Army of the Dead
* Introducing the Grey Company at the end of Two Towers and have them accompany Aragorn and co. 
* I would have loved to see Glorfindel
* No Imrahil and Knights of Dol Amroth :(
* The scene in Return of the King with the peoples of Gondor arriving in Minas Tirith would have been awesome. Above all to show that Gondor is more than just Minas Tirith.

But I can understand why the things I just listed weren't included due to things like pacing, making the story relatively easy to follow for people new to Tolkien and to keep the movies at a reasonable length as there obviously is a difference between the book and film formats, as other posters have pointed out.

However, it's been a while since I read the books. When I read them again, I might find more things to complain about. 
Something that I haven't seen mentioned yet is Shelob. I watched the trilogy when I was way younger and only read the books earlier this year, and the encounter with Shelob was one of my favourite parts. Instead of just being some giant random spider, the book really emphasised the pure evil "thing" that Shelob was, and Sam also seems to be three times more ham on her than the movie.

Also a few scenes I realise don't make much sense. In TT movie when the Nazgul nearly grabs Frodo as he's holding the ring at Osgiliath, I thought they weren't meant to be aware at that stage that Frodo is the one that has the ring? Likewise in ROTK when the (literal) Eye of Sauron sees Frodo and Sam, but nothing happens?
One thing you left out was the galadriel freaking out part in the movies. IIRC the whole part that she was tempted and then turned into somewhat of a witch etc. was not in the book. It did not really make sense as she herself has a ring of power and is the very daughter of Finarfin king of Tirion.
I really dislike the extended editions and it is very easy for me to see why they cut out a lot of those scenes. a lot of them were unnecessary and obviously didn't fit with the tone of the rest of the movie. I think the obviousness of the scene as not-theatrical speaks to how out-of-place it is. the theatrical editions are much better in my opinion
Lotr isn't a trilogy
I've never been tempted to watch the movies again - enough said. I was appalled at what I saw of the Hobbit trilogy - never bothered watching the third.
I've been trying to watch the extended editions for years now. Any idea where I could find them? For free? 
Book and movie arent the same medium... If you would take a book as (one to one) instructions for a movie the movie would suck. This is so because of various reasons that I font all know so yeah...

The reason why the movi**e** is so great is because peter jackson did a fu***ng good job at condensing the IMMENSE story of the book to tree hours of movie.
That's fantastic! Excellent craftsmanship. So rare to see good art done by hand these days.
This looks amazing, great work!
I really love this! May have to make it my phone's new lock screen image if that's OK... So perfect for fall! ;) 
Lovely!
What up Zelda?
Beautiful!! Love the colors gradually forming up the background.
Thank you for your comments, I am glad that you like her :)
I was told r/LOTR might appreciate this :)

Cheers!
This is incredible!
Was [this one](http://i.imgur.com/owwxBbK.jpg) your work too (I couldn't tell from the description for sure)?

If so, I would ask that you please revise your template before doing any more of that design as it's using a faulty recreation of the Tengwar inscription based on a misuse/misunderstanding of the related computer typeface. It's a highly-ranked image search result for "doors of durin", "moria", or similar but the text is gibberish. Compare it with the [illustration from the book](http://www.kav-clan.de/khazad-dum.jpg).
I don't feel there is nothing happening in the first part of Fellowship, it is just that there are long bits that don't move the plot forward, but instead explain things about the culture of the Shire and the history of Middle-earth. I would keep reading at least until after the chapter *The Council of Elrond*.

In the movies they needed, or at least felt they needed, to stick to the major plot points. The books sometimes meander off into things that have nothing to do with the plot, which is in my opinion a great thing. A striking difference between the movie and the book is when they go to Bucklebury Ferry: in the movie Frodo gets chased by a Ringwraith and barely makes it by jumping on the ferry, while in the book we take a break from the main story and get a few paragraphs about the history of Buckland and the family of Merry Brandybuck, and their ancestors the Oldbucks. 

And reading LotR more than once makes it better. There is a lot happening in before they get to Bree that you probably won't get on a first read, because you are probably not supposed to. The chapter *A Conspiracy Unmasked* completely changes the way to look at Frodo's behaviour in the chapters before it, and also on how the Fellowship ends. That bit was omitted from the movie completely. In a similar way the chapters with Tom Bombadil were omitted from the movies, they didn't really move the plot forward but they explained some historical background of Middle-earth, and there is a generous amount of foreshadowing (that you probably won't understand on a first read, but is very interesting on a second read).

The book isn't really structured as people expect from a novel. I doubt it would be published today, editors would probably butcher the book so the reader gets the plot fed to him in digestable bits. Yet somehow LotR is one of the most popular books of all time.

But yeah, things speed up a lot. One of the lines from the movies that are not in the book but that I still think is interesting is the one where Gandalf mounts Shadowfax and he says something like "For many lives of Men I have wandered this earth, and now I have no time". When you look at the timeline, Gandalf and Aragorn do a lot of stuff in a very short amount of time.
You feel like you're learning nothing new? Are you in chapter three yet? It's wildly different from the movies.
>Does it read faster after the first few chapters?

Absolutely yes.

The first few chapters are the slowest of the entire story.  Things start actually *happening* after they leave the Shire.
It does read faster after they leave the Shire. Do you usually read in a place where you can read aloud to yourself? Sometimes keeping myself entertained with narration and voices helps me through slower passages :)
There are some rather long,  dull sections.   Just the way it is written. 

You could try the audio books
I've found the first half of Fellowship to be the dullest part, even though I like most of the backstory and information in the very beginning. To me the worst part of the series (excluding some of Frodo and Sam in Two Towers) is from Bree to Rivendell. I can't imagine anyone wants to read an endless stream of "and then they walked around this hill, over that river, etc..."

After they get to Rivendell, in my opinion, is when it really picks up. Much of the exposition is more relevant, and from then on there's a lot more actually happening. Then again, the books just might not be for you. They're a very different medium, and it can take a lot of patience. I recommend listening to the soundtracks on pandora or youtube while reading
Understand where you are coming from, but I concur with others, it picks up a lot after a bit.

That said, a second reading in the future will probably be a lot more enjoyable. You actually might enjoy those slow and more innocent times. 

I would recommend finish the books and then rewatch the movies, it makes for an interesting experience. And not just, obviously for the LOTR. I recently reread "The Stand" and "It" and then watched the movies right after each book. I made a lot more connections and understood things in a different light.
To put it plainly: Fellowship presents some of the best exposition I've ever read; keep reading, you'll love it. I mean maybe you won't, but like, please, keep reading. 
I do think it's important - when reading the books, you are aware that the Orcs don't really like Sauron or Saruman, but they fight for them, anyway. This is the only quote that hints at anything about the Men who fought for Sauron being something other than evil automatons.
This quote doesn't appear in the regular edition of the trilogy right? 
Since Tolkien didn't write this it's kind of hard to say that it would have been inspired by his experiences.
It was never written and as far as I know it was no longer an issue at all in his later writings. Middle-earth will become our world and end of history will be more in line with Christian eschatology I suppose.

In his later years Tolkien considered entire Quenta Silmarillion to be a collection of legends and traditions WITHIN the secondary world itself, largely compiled during the Third Age (and by Men, not so much by Elves), and not 100 % trustworthy, especially in its cosmological claims about flat earth and sun and moon being the fruit and flower or Laurelin and Telperion.
"I don't think there will be a return journey, Mr Frodo."

To me it signifies the change and growth in Sam. He goes from a humble yet loyal servant to an equal alongside Frodo, leading him on the last leg of their journey. 
I'm glad that you're here with me. Here at the end of all things, Sam

Frodo says this to Sam as they sit on the side of mount doom as it erupts, they've essentially accepted that they won't leave, or see the shire again. I read this and thought about how much Sam planned for the journey home, and then he just accepted his fate and sat with frodo, waiting for death. Sam is probably the backbone of the adventure, sticking with frodo no matter what, he never loses hope, even when things get darkest, and seeing him with nothing left took something out of me.
>Now news came to Hithlum that Dorthonion was lost and the sons of Finarfin overthrown, and that the sons of Fëanor were driven from their lands. Then Fingolfin beheld… the utter ruin of the Noldor, and the defeat beyond redress of all their houses; and filled with wrath and despair he mounted upon Rochallor his great horse and rode forth alone, and none might restrain him. He passed over Dor-nu-Fauglith like a wind amid the dust, and all that beheld his onset fled in amaze, thinking that Oromë himself was come: for a great madness of rage was upon him, so that his eyes shone like the eyes of the Valar. Thus he came alone to Angband’s gates, and he sounded his horn, and smote once more upon the brazen doors, and challenged Morgoth to come forth to single combat. And Morgoth came.

Sends chills down my spine every time I read it 
*"Tell me, friend, when did Saruman the Wise abandon reason for madness?"*

Always loved that one. Quick witted and to the point. 
"Aure entuluva! Day shall come again!"

It's taken rather out of context (Hurin shouts this as he makes his final stand before being captured), but I like it.
*"above all shadows rides the Sun and Stars forever dwell:
I will not say the Day is done, nor bid the Stars farewell."*


Part of a song that Sam sings in Cirith Ungol when he thinks he's lost Frodo. I believe it's in the book but not the movie :)
Theoden's words to Gandalf as they walk outside his halls after shutting himself away for so long:

"It isn't so dark out here."
Im a big fan of Thorin..

"I speak to the Master of the men of the Lake. Will you see the prophecy fulfilled? Will you share in the great wealth of our people? "
"Do not spoil the wonder with haste"

Legolas to Gimili, concerning the Glittering Caves

Really lovely quote.
God damn. You're all bringing the feels. I gotta reread.
When I first received the LOTR books as a gift at 16 years old, I had picked up "The Two Towers" and just started reading the beginning of it for the hell of it and Aragorn's lament as he heard Boromir's horn has stuck with me to this day, "'Alas! An ill 
fate is on me this day, and all that I do 
goes amiss. Where is Sam?"
[removed]
Well, just off the cuff, I think Celeborn's "doom" is to depart Middle Earth for Valinor with the other elves, which we know is not what happens to Aragorn, who as someone in the lineage of Elros will die and depart from the world.

As for the treasure. Well I think possibly that might be Arwen, who is Celeborn's granddaughter. Since he is planning to depart from Middle Earth and she to remain as a mortal, they will soon be parted for ever. I think he's saying he hopes that Aragorn won't have to suffer that parting. That even when they die they will still be together (although the elves don't know what happens to a mortal soul when it dies).
From JRR Tolkien's drafts and Christopher Tolkien's notes in *Sauron Defeated* (History of Middle-earth):

Tolkien wrote an Epilogue that was not included in the final published book. It features a conversation between Sam and his daughter Elanor. She is a young child just old enough to appreciate having her father read "The Red Book" (basically the Lord of the Rings itself) to her, and they have just finished.

They discuss various aspects of the story. At one point Elanor mentions Celeborn's farewell to Aragorn:

>'I did not understand at first what Celeborn meant when he said goodbye to the King,' she said. 'But I think I do now. He knew that Lady Arwen would stay, but that Galadriel would leave him. I think it was very sad for him. And for you, dear Sam-dad.' Her hand felt for his, and his brown hand clasped her slender fingers. 'For your treasure went too. I am glad Frodo of the Ring saw me, but I wish I could remember seeing him.'

Sam replies at length, on a few topics, then mentions Celeborn:

>'...I think Celeborn is still happy among his trees, in an Elvish way. His time hasn't come, and he isn't tired of his land yet. When he is tired he can go.'

Sam says this along with telling her a secret he's never told anyone yet, or put in The Book: That he too will someday go to the Havens and, it is implied, see Frodo again, over the Sea. In other words, when Sam is ready he too can go, like Celeborn.

In short, it seems that Celeborn was referencing his coming separation from Galadriel. His treasure is Galadriel. Aragorn's is Arwen. Whether Celeborn was hoping Arwen would not die before Aragorn, or that she would not decide to go to the Havens after all, before Aragorn dies, I am not sure. Or perhaps he was hoping Arwen would truly choose/receive the fate of Men and be with Aragorn "until the end" wherever it is that Men go after death—which I assume Tolkien believed was Heaven.

Though I suspect the simplest answer is that Celeborn was thinking about his imminent long separation from Galadriel, and saying to Aragorn "may you not experience a long separation from your wife".
Galadriel left ME before Celeborn, I think he is saying to Aragorn he hopes Arwen does not depart ME before him (Aragorn)
Somehow I think the first part of the statement doesn't refer to the Doom of Mankind:

"May your doom be other than mine..." He is speaking as though Aragorn has a choice / that things can change; however shouldn't he already have some form of knowledge about the fate of the Man, being one of the oldest beings in the 3rd Age, and having lived through the times of the 1st Age with its accumulated lore and knowledge?
Doom has the older (probably more correct) meaning of fate...not necessarily a bad fate, just any fate.  Tolkien would have known this if a modern audience had long since stopped using the word in that context.
I think the doom is a reference to the Valar, after the War of Wrath, prohibiting the leaders of the Exiles from returning to the Undying Lands, so as one of those leaders Galadriel remained an Exile in Middle-earth.

The treasure is Arwen, and her choice to either enter the undying lands or to become human and pass beyond the doors of night.
Tolkien uses doom in the older sense, meaning fate. I think Crleborn is referring to the fading of Lorien as the power of the Rings dies. So Celeborn's treasure is fading and so he wishes Aragorn a good future where that which he loves remains. Basically he's wishing him hope and happiness.
Alright everyone's comments are pretty deep interpretations, but when I read it I thought it was way more shallow, so I'm probably wrong, but here's my two cents. Celeborn's doom is the same as gladriel and the rest of lothlorien, the destruction of the one ring. If the One is destroyed, gladriel's ring is also useless and she loses her power. This is of course not the doom, but the complete opposite for Aragon. And I thought the treasure was anduríl or gondor or anything having to do with his kingly lineage. Sorry if I spelt names wrong it's hard to remember exact spelling.
Since no one has answered yet, I will post a temporary answer that is my interpretation, but is probably wrong. Hopefully either a.) I am right or b.) someone else has the correct answer and it is way cooler.
So my thoughts are that Eru's gift to men is their mortality. When life has an end, there is more value to your days. Celeborn will live forever in Aman(?), whereas Aragorn has the "gift" of mortality. And perhaps Celeborn is urging him to enjoy that gift till the end.
Again, mostly food for thought, and any errors I have I would love to see them pointed out. I am still learning as much as I can like everyone else!
Nobody came out of there alive.  Period.  They thought he'd gone in there as a last ditch effort and he'd thrown his life away.
Baldor son of Brego went into the Paths of the Dead and never came back. The corpse Aragorn and company find is probably his. Basically the son of a historical king went missing in that place.

And they probably didn't know of Isildur's words at the Stone of Erech. There is also a real fear emanating from the place, as everyone but Legolas is terrified of it. The locals probably felt it as well, and rumour would spread.
The Rohirrim were a rather superstitious people with less formal education, especially in the ancient history of Gondor. Consider how Eomer views Galadriel. They don't know why he's going to the mountain and even if he had explained (which would have taken ages) they probably would still be wrapped in their superstitions about the horrific mountain. IIRC they aren't even aware at this point of his special significance, other than a great Captain of the northern Dunedain. To them he has just walked ignorantly into certain doom of unimaginable horror in the greatest hour of need for all the Free Peoples of the West. Shit, I'd be dismayed too
There's no International Council of LotR Fandom that sets standards. If you think you're a fan, you're a fan.
You're still a fan, but a fan of the movies, but perhaps just not of reading long tales. You didn't specify if it's the content of the books that you don't like or just the "hassle" of actually reading it. I suspect you are just more of a visual person rather than a reader; I suspect so because those things you love about the movies: themes, character arcs, and metaphors, are all expounded much more in the books than in the movies. There is much more to think about and discuss and love in the books than the movies. You are not alone though, there are many others like that.

People who are fans of Tolkien usually admire more than the subject matter of his tale; they like his writing style as an author. This is what keeps people reading his work over and over: *the act of reading it is enjoyable.* This is a subtle but important point. If Tolkien wrote a completely different tale, it would still be enjoyable because of the *way he wrote.*

Unlike Martin, Tolkien connects *us* to the story and its characters emotionally via his gift with words. Through reading, you are invested in a more intimate way than by watching the movies.


Well, you're missing out on a lot of subtlety and themes that exist in the book which were axed for the movies. You're missing out on the things that Tolkien himself thought were very important and IMHO you should stick with the books...



But there's no rule that says you have to be a Tolkien fan in order to be a fan of Peter Jackson's movies. You like what you like.
You're a fan of Jackson, but not Tolkien.
I think you're missing out on some truly great content, like The Scouring of the Shire, which the third movie omitted, and (for me) really changed the tone of the ending. You're also missing out on Tom Bombadil, but I can kind of take or leave him, even if he fills a minor plot hole in the movies. 
If you've only read through 1/9 of the books, you really should try and get through them. They start slowly, but by the middle of the first book it really picks up into something amazing, I promise. Get at least through "A Journey in the Dark" and if you still can't bear it, then I won't hold it against you. But they deserve more than a few chapters. 
I'd consider you a fan. But I'd say you're also missing out on a lot of expanded story if you're a fan of the world and hope you could read the books. Are you a big reader? Also depending on your age and reading skill it may be harder to get into. I finally got to the Silmarillion, Hobbit, LOTR, and Unfinished Tales in the past 4 years. I'm 22 and the Silmarillion kicked my butt and LOTR had me rereading sections. 
Or maybe it's just not your kind of book, either way, you're a fan haha.
It's a strange place to be, I'll grant you that.  Not all of LOTR is equally scintillating.  I usually skim - or skip - Aragorn reciting the tale of Beren and Luthien.  A lot of the Ent poetry remains unread, I am ashamed to say.  I haven't yet finished the Silmarillion.  But I've read The Hobbit and LOTR probably half a dozen times, and I think it's important that you know what the original story in addition to Peter Jackson's alteration of it.  You don't know the characters as they were written - you know them as Jackson and the screen writers reinterpreted them for a modern, largely teen, audience, and much of their original power and grandeur has been stripped away.  

Parts of the movies are brilliant.  Most of them are at least good.  (Not the Hobbit, but whatever.)  Some parts of the movies are just wrong and bad.  You should try to punch through the books - they're worth it.  

Are you young?  Maybe wait until you're a little older.  I know they "read" very differently now in middle age than they did when I was 12.
Tom Bombadil + Silmarillion
The start of Fellowship can be hard on some.  By the time you're in Two Towers you can't put the books down.  I stayed up all night on that book.
You could always try what I do, and listen to the books in audiobook form. Audible has both an unabridged version and a few abridged performances.
Thanks for the comments, good people. And for the encouragement to try again with reading the books :)
Who cares?  You like what you like.  Everything is different in the mind of the reader/viewer.  What I like about the books, the most hard core Tolkien scholar could scoff at.  The best scene of the movie could be nothing but noise to the most ardent scifi/fantasy movie fan.

At the end of the day, all that matters is that you found something you enjoy.  Who cares what medium it is presented in, and who cares what anyone else thinks.
I'd love to see a lot more go to screen. Personally, I would prefer if it stayed out of animation.
I want it as a ballet.
Theirs is my favorite substore in the LOTR universe, I would absolutly love this.

It covers the story and everything well.. but the verses.. The way you say them, it sounds like they are supposed to rhyme, but none of them do. Really took my out of the song
It sounds like rapping but there's no rhyme scheme
This is good man, not as good as the Snape one though. I think the only thing stopping it from being as good is the sound levels, the music is (to me) a bit too overpowering and your voice kind of blends into it alot of the time.

The Snape video made me cry by the way, brought back so many memories from the wonderful journey the books and the films took me on. Keep making them man.
These are beautiful!
Thank you for leaving all the artists info! They're all so talented. I need a print of Beren confessing his love for Luthien and now I can ask
Wonder if the artists would sell blown up versions of one of these for a wall in my room. They look amazing.
Reminds me of the cover art to Blind Guardian's album Nightfall in Middle-Earth. Impressive.
these are amazing, ive seen a couple but not all of em, it makes me want to have a silmarillion game or movie, every time i read something related to it i just want to get immersed in it
It's strange how there isn't alot of art depicting Feanor. He is one of the great characters from the Silmarillion. 
That Eowyn looks like Katheryn Winnick from Vikings 
The Ent is terrifying. 
Quality post, brother.  I hadn't seen many of those, and thanks for all the research in crediting the artists.
It seems to me that [Paul Lasaine's LOTR-related art](https://www.google.fr/search?q=paul+lasaine+lord+of+the+rings&tbm=isch) would fit very well in that album.
I always found it funny how the Balrogs rushed in to save Morgoth when he was captured by Ungoliant.

It's like they really loved him or something and it's just hard to imagine a creature like a Balrog having a soft spot for anybody, especially when Morgoth showed his vulnerability in his inability to deal with Ungoliant. 


Anddd THERE'S the Blind Guardian lyrics \m/
Oh wow that Glaurung at the end is amazing!
These are incredible, I appreciate the artist's credits attributed to each picture and the explanations.
Oh this is a *damn* good post.  Kudos to you for the compilation!
Absolutely incredible.  Thank you so much for this.  What is "Gandalf's Wandering Mind" about?
All of these are magnificent. They make me want to read a comic version of the silmarillion. 
Holy shit i love that concept for Ungoliant. 
Ha, I've been using the Strider illustration as my character's portrait in every CRPG I've played. Thank you Jerry, my little rangers are awesome because of your work.
These are too good
Such better witch king/nazgul than the movies. 
I'm inspired by both your art and knowledge of the lord of the rings universe to really dive in this fandom.
The hobbit is my favorite book and I watch the movies regularly but I need to really get to know more. The world and stories created are fascinating. 

Thanks for the push!
And Morgoth came. 
Fantastically beautiful! 😍
Saw this on imgur earlier and had to favorite it! Gorgeous artistry, I really like #38 with the contrast of the mountains, Pelennor, and Minas Tirith. I also really like #12, as I've always had trouble imagining Nargothrond in my mind, and this is probably what I'll always picture now. I'm always a sucker for the duel between Morgoth and Fingolfin as it's one of my favorites.
Goddamnit now I have to download all of these make them my wallpaper on my computer and feel happy about it. For fucks sake stop making awesome stuff, people on the Internet, it means I feel emotions!
Guys, can anyone tell me if the style of the [drawing of the Nazgul](https://i.imgur.com/nvSSjg2.jpg) has a name? I really like it!
Absolutely amazing artwork!
Some of these are really great!
Gives you the shivers
These are extremely well done. I love this style people keep to when creating fan art of middle earth. 
I want all these as posters...I just knew before I clicked on this link that there was going to be a Magali from the LOTR LCG. Really, all of Magali's work could be featured in this post. 
Awesome collection. /r/imaginarymiddleearth for those not aware of it and looking for more.
A fantastic read!
Too notch.
Aaaaaaand now i'm listening to "Into the Storm" By Blind Guardian after reading those lyrics
Nice. In this one http://i.imgur.com/u1ZnLGt.jpg
by https://www.artstation.com/artist/shainis I count ten figures but none of 'em seem to be Gollum.
Terrific. Needs more Smaug. 
The Nargothrond picture is incredible.  As is Glaurung.  Good collection!
These are flippin cool!
This is the most amazing collection of LOTR art I've ever seen. Thanks for sharing.
Good job, OP!
Please tell me there is someplace I can buy this.

They look so beautiful,
So many great ones here. I just wish everyone would stop putting plate armor in their art. It's inaccurate and ruins the setting. I can forgive the movies because fake plate is a hundred times easier to make than fake mail, but if you're an artist, just be accurate!
reminded me of a collection I made a long time ago. Thought Id share, [here](http://justsitback.deviantart.com/?title=undefined&rssQuery=favby%3AxXG0DofCHA0SXx%2F57370477)
So, I've never read the books or watched the movies. But looking through these images I see a lot of stuff I saw in the trailers or screenshots that get posted from time to time. Is this just the artists using the movies as reference? Or are the books just that good at describing what the characters and settings look like that they *should* look similar?
These are amazing! Thank you for sharing!
Some of these look like they could be heavy metal album covers.
Éowyn was not technically a shieldmaiden, but she wanted to be. It's somewhat implied that there hasn't been a shieldmalden in a long time, too. That was more of a First Age thing, what with Haleth and all. Even then, I think female warriors were very rare.
Great read and beautiful artwork!  Quality post!
Artist for #30?
Awesome, I'm using [these two](http://i.imgur.com/WiW0lR0.jpg) as my phone wallpaper and lock screen. 
Some truly amazing pieces of art there. THANKYOU for combining them all to one place!
Very cool art. The captions were slightly incorrect in spots though
New Born Porn by Infant Annihilator. Once it gets toward the end with the baby screeching I just feel sick. I can listen to Unholy Gravebirth fine though. 
I have to ask:

One of the lore descriptions in this album stated that Sam followed Frodo and Bilbo into the Undying Land. I've never read the books, so can anyone confirm this? In the movie, as far as I can remember, he gets married and settles down in the Shire. 
The image of Mordor lurking in the background of Minas Tirith is haunting. Brilliant illustrations.
Wow great post! Here is some of my favorite Middle-Earth art.

http://imgur.com/a/ASS5T

Sorry I don't have time to give credit or give more details. Hope you enjoy.
the fact that its slightly inaccurate seems to be an issue...

You must have the best gf in the world
OP is now single due to inaccuracies.   
I haven't looked at the map in forever and I'm on my phone, what parts are inaccurate?
Paint over it, buy her a good map, and make her do it again
How did she react when you told her...?
I want it on my wall, inaccurate or not :)

This is awesome and also so cute that she did this to you :3 
I like it
thats awesome, where did you get it?

I need to find me a girlfriend like that.
Gonna suck having to paint over that when you move out.
Gandalf called it. Not even the sea is safe!

/r/Tengwar 
I believe Elbereth Gilthoniel has been done in tengwar calligraphy many times.  Check out google images, for a start.  Learn the letters so you can see which stanza that is, it isn't that difficult.  The vowels are the trickiest part.
I will ask there then. Thanks a lot!

Can you tell us a little more about how it was made and function?
The Hobbit was published in 1937, and it was not yet completely part of the Middle-earth legendarium, which Tolkien kept working on his entire life. It is less 'serious' and more like fairytale than Lord of the Rings and some of his other writings. Some things may seem a bit out of place, but remember that in-universe The Hobbit is written by Bilbo himself, and might have some embellishments.

Now The Hobbit also contains a bunch of elements that were inspired by Norse/Germanic mythology. The names of the Dwarves for example come from the völuspá, a poem of the Poetic Edda. In Norse mythology Odin had two ravens, Hugin and Mugin (Memory and Thought), who went out every day to collect information and then tell Odin. Ravens in European mythology are associated with wisdom (they are extremely intelligent birds, like many other Corvids) and also associated with death (as they will scavenge dead people, on a battlefield for example).

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Huginn_and_Muninn

It was the thrush that informed Bard of the weak spot of Smaug, and Bard can understand him because he is 'of the race of Dale' and descended from the old kings. In a way both Thorin Oakenshield and Bard the Bowman are variations on the 'King under the Mountain' folktales that exist in many countries. Examples are King Arthur, and Frederick Barbarossa, both are said to return when Britain or Germany are in need. There are many legends in Europe about 'the return of the king' and we see that of course again in the case of Aragorn (I'm assuming you've seen the LotR movies as well). So many of the things in The Hobbit are more or less inspired by European mythology, and Tolkien also added a fair dose of fairytale bits such as the rumour that the Tooks were descended from faeries (faeries are never mentioned anywhere else), or that the Old Took had a short with magic buttons that could unbutton themselves.


Both the Eagles and the Ravens physically speak with the Dwarves. So does the thrush that mentions Smaug's weak spot to Bard - I think the text says that Bard understood the thrush since he knew the ancient tongue of Dale, but I don't have the book at hand. 
1) Yes, and they're definitely intelligent creatures.  I think they're even classified as Maia (similar to the Wizards).  Not all eagles are like the ones in the Hobbit though -- Gwahair's (apologies for likely butchering the spelling) group is an exception, but if I recall correctly, other eagles are not known for being noble or even friendly.

Toffee covered 2 and 3.

4) While Tolkien likes to leave some mystery, they're definitely not ordinary creatures either.  The one in the Hobbit is 153, speaks in common speech, and is capable of understanding what is going on even more so than the dwarves.  I've only read the Hobbit and the LOTR trilogy though; maybe there is more info elsewhere.

5) At a first read it seems to be referring to fate or grand design.  Never though too much about it.

Holy shit man I had to re read that like 5 times. I thought you said he mounted his dead corpse himself lol. Like Sauron raped celebrimbor. I was at a loss of words for a few minutes.
While definitely not as blatantly cruel, his foulest deeds have to be the corruption of Numenor, and later, the corruption of the Easterlings and Southrons.

Eru created men as his favorite race, giving the freedom of free will in their lives in Middle Earth, and to corrupt his vision of Men is to spit in his face directly.
The corruption of Numenor and the turning of their worship to Melkor I would say. Although at that point Ar-Pharazon was already on a vicious path, who knows where he might have ended up, even without Sauron's direct influence
He once ate three meals in a row at a prototype McDonald's buffet. I'd call that a pretty foul feed.

(Having his werewolves eat Finrod's soldiers one by one, in front of the rest, counts as a pretty foul deed though.)
Karen Wynn Fonstad's *[The Atlas of Middle-Earth](https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/0618126996)* fits some of the bill. It's broken into sections for each age, some history of major events, locations. Plenty of maps and diagrams.

It's an extremely well respected book, but the two versions I'm aware of, neither we laid out in a landscape orientation.
Go in time order: 

1: read. The books were written to be read. Read them cover to cover first. You will forget some things and occasionally be confused. That's ok, just read. Stay away from wikis and Google and just experience the books on their own terms.

2: listen to an audiobook. Once you have the story arc down, you can listen to the audiobook without fear about zoning out and losing the story. The audiobook adds the dimension of human voice so it gives you a new way to experience the story. You'll hear and notice things you didn't on your first read through. 

3: watch the movies. The actors/costumes/scenery/music will all add depth and enhance your experience of the story 

4: dig into the appendices, legendarium, wikis, etc 
The books can definitely be overwhelming on the first try. Tolkien was possibly more interested in the lore than the narrative, so there are a lot of references to things that are barely explained but most aren't all that vital. Some people swear that reading the wiki will ruin the experience, but I think as long as you don't delve too greedily and too deep into the lore you'll be fine.

I'd say read the novels, Hobbit first, and read the wiki when you feel you need it. I definitely like using a map to help make sense of where they are, but that's up to you. Some of the first few appendices in RotK are actually pretty interesting, too.
Personally, I read The Hobbit first, then Lord Of The Rings, then watched the movies, then read The Silmarillion, then moved onto the other books. It was pretty easy to digest this way. I had to largely ignore some of the references from The Hobbit and Lord Of The Rings in order to not get confused, but over time things made more and more sense, and when I read the other books, I made sense of the lore by figuring out the connections to the two main stories, i.e. Beren and Luthien are Elrond's great-grandparents.
https://www.amazon.com/Lord-Rings-BBC-Dramatization/dp/0553456539
Basically Frodo inherits the Enemy's (Sauron) weapon (One Ring) from Bilbo (who found it under a mountain), and with his gardener Sam they go to Mount Doom to destroy it (It is corrupting and must be destroyed). They set off with seven companions until they seperate at the river Anduin (Frodo decided the burden to destroy the Ring should be on him). They are guided afterwards by Bilbo's old enemy Gollum (who came upon them in Moria and followed them since), who possessed the Ring prior to Bilbo (his friend Déagol found it in the Anduin hundreds of years earlier after the 2nd King of Gondor, Isildur, lost it there).

The best source of lore for LotR are the books themselves. The Appenices provide additional information about the Dúnedain + Elrond (they are connected, Elrond's brother Elros was the first king of the Dúnedain), the Dwarves, and the Rohirrim. 
Read the books, first The Hobbit, then the Lord of the Rings. There are only 11 characters that are necessary to hold in mind. Don't worry about trying to remember all the place names or in-story lore. Read it first as a simple story taking in just the basic plot and Tolkien's writing style.

On subsequent read-throughs you will start to widen your own comprehension.

Think of it like moving to a new city. First few days you're just going to get a feel for learning the major routes to the supermarket and post office. As time goes by you'll have time to drive around and explore the hidden roads and parks.
How i got into it is i watched the movies, then read the hobbit. Then the silmarillion,  and then lotr itself as finisher (i liked it the way i did because the books have more content than the movies and i think lotr is most enjoyable if you know whats behind it, so to say)
I'd start with The Silmarillion. 
His logo.
It is a logo that is also employed by Saruman as the White Hand. Sauron's Orcs wear it on their shields, and Saruman's wore a white hand.

> And suddenly he felt the Eye. There was an eye in the Dark Tower that did not sleep. He knew that it had become aware of his gaze. A fierce eager will was there. It leaped towards him; almost like a finger he felt it, search for him. Very soon it would nail him down, know just exactly where he was. Amon Lhaw it touched. It glanced upon Tol Brandir - [The Breaking of the Fellowship]

Take this example. I would say it was the will of Sauron working with the Ithil-stone, always searching. Beregond speaks about a similar practice with Denethor and his confrontations with Sauron.
The gist I got from reading the books was that the eye of Sauron is two things

1. The standard his orcs carried into battle

2. The "presence" Sauron was able to maintain in Middle Earth without his ring. That's what allowed him to rebuild his armies and begin to terrorize Middle Earth again
A heraldric deviced used on shields and flags denoting alliegiance to Sauron.

Other heraldry used in the books

White tree, seven stars, and a crown on a sable background-house of elendil

White horse on a green field- house of eorl

White hand- saruman

Black serpent on a red field- Harad

Silver swans on a blue field- Dol amroth

Plain white with no symbol-house of the stewards.
It's an analogy
>Can someone quickly sum up Middle Earth's history.

Tom Bombadil sings while a bunch of other stuff happens outside the Old Forest.
No guys, I got this. 

So basically, there was the fire in some massive primordial void, right? This dude Iluvatar snatches that up and uses the fire to create life. So he makes a bunch of super powerful God-like people and they all get hype about existence and start singing. Allegedly this singing is like the history of the universe. So this guy, Melkor, he doesn't like the song, so he starts singing some other song. These songs mix, and create disharmony. God's like 'meh, still got a sick bass drop' and carries on, and then sends the god-people he made (or like, some of them) to this place Eru created and allows them to shape it as they would. 

So the Valar, aka god people, start making mountains and valleys and what not, but Melkor's still kind of salty that he doesn't have complete power over everything, and he starts screwing with the planet, making nasty bits and bad places and whatnot. 

So anyway, this goes on for a bit, and then Melkor really starts fucking shit up. He goes and steals Feanor's silmarils, murders his dad, and prompts Feanor to swear a dumbass oath to God basically that he and all of his kin will never stop searching for the Silmarils at any cost. This has some pretty shit consequences, and also Melkor broke both the massive lamps lighting the planet, and had Ungoliant the giant spider bitch kill the two trees in Valinor, which really pissed everyone off. 

So yeah, the first age is a bit of a shitshow. After Melkor breaks the lamps and the trees, the sun and moon is created by the Valar. Tons of shit happens after this, but all you need to know is eventually the Valar send their extremely mighty forces to middle earth and shitstomp Morgoth, casting him into the void. This really screws up middle earth though, and the second age that follows is pretty nasty, especially since Sauron, Morgoth's second in command, still is chilling in Middle Earth. The Valar don't want to go back and stop him, since last time they did it really fucked up the planet, and also they wanted the elves and men to do it themselves. 

Sauron is a giant asshole, and the second age isn't very fun for anyone. He tricks the elves into making the rings of power, and also convinces the Numenoreans to not only spare his life after they come to fuck him up, but they actually start listening to him, and fall into Melkor worship. Eventually he has them attack Valinor, which is a bad idea, and he gets sunk along with the rest of them by God. 

So he scuttles back to middle earth and sees that things are getting a bit too free and nice over there, and starts a war against the free folk in an attempt to curb their rising power. He succeeds in corrupting many kings of men with his rings, and eventually the war ends in the Last Alliance, where Sauron gets his shit wrecked and loses his One Ring, thus ushering in the third age and a watchful peace to ensure Sauron doesn't do anymore evil shit. 

Of course he does, but you can read all about that in the main books.
* The Ainur create Arda.
* Melkor (one of the Ainur) goes mad and starts destroying stuff.
* Tulkas and his friends fight Melkor and they win.
* The Elves awake and go to Valinor.
* Some Elves go mad an they go back to Middle Earth.
* There are many fights and the men appear somewhere.
* Some men go to Númenor.
* Númenor men go mad and return to Middle Earth.
* Sauron makes a ring (he was already mad).
* Isildur goes even more mad and steals the ring.
* [Frodo destroys the ring.](/spoiler)
* The Elves stop being mad and return to Valinor.

So, as you can see, Middle Earth's history is full of maddness :)

No, really, a quick and short sum of its history is impossible in my opinion. I have only talked about men, elves and ainur. But I haven't said anything about the dwarfs, the ents, the orcs and the different groups of elves (noldor, sindar...). And, of course, I haven't said anything about details and how the exactly went "mad", which is the interesting part.

I recommend these two sites:

* [The Tolkien Gateway](http://tolkiengateway.net/wiki/Main_Page)
* [The One Wiki to Rule Them All](http://lotr.wikia.com/wiki/Main_Page)

And, of course, the Silmarillion and The History of Middle Earth books are the best way :)
If you want to know more of the actual history, try reading the Silmarillion of the History of Middle-Earth books.
Unfortunately, there isn't really a suitable alternative to actual *reading* the ancillary texts. The Silmarillion would be a good place to start.
If you're actually interested, the best way to start is to read the Silmarillion. These chapter summaries can help you through it: http://www.silmarillionwritersguild.org/reference/silmsummaries/home.php
https://www.reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/40cxao/im_new_to_lotr_and_want_knowledge/

^ this guy nailed it, imho. 
You should sell these?!
http://i.imgur.com/giWbYwr.png
There are also plenty of t-shirt websites that sell artist designed shirts, should go check those out and see if it's worth it to you to sell through them.

Shirtpunch is one that I can think of.
If you're not going to sell it can you upload the illustrator files? Please? 
I have a friend that would wear that all the time,  any chance of selling one or uploading the design?
I need this
I would wear one, you should sell them
You have to make these before Christmas! My best friend is known as Gandalf and I'd love to get him one! 
Right, so I think the most appropriate response to this is to throw gold pieces at it until the summoning ritual is complete.
pleaaaaaaase sell these. 
Where can I buy one OP?
TAKE MY MONEY
You need to mass produce this man, you've got enough money in this thread alone already to break even
Please sell this design. It's amazing. 
I need dis, o my gawd. 
Submit it to teefury
holy crap post a link! Take my money!!! =O

Give it here
Gimme
I'd LOVE to buy one for my best friend. He's the biggest LOTR fan I've ever met, he'd love it.
I'd buy two of these if you sold them. 
Where can I buy this?
I buy.
Oh man, you're a boss!
Put that on Redbubble or Cafe Press, stat!
gimme this
Fuck yes. I need one of these
I want one.
Teefury,  busted tees,  teespring. 

One of them would pay for your design and market it I'm sure.  That's awesome dude. 
those are SNES quality grafx tho
I need to buy this. Please sell it on the teespring etc
Still waiting for the link to throw my money and get one!
Must. Have. This. Shirt.
Yeah I'm gonna have to pay you for one ASAP.
You cannot pass...
Ok, I will sell it. Let me make it. Im glad you all liked it! I will post the link today. Promise.
Hey guys, I apologize for this. For some reason I didn't receive any notifications. Anyways, I just uploaded the shirt. Here is the link for those of you interested:

 http://shop.dittobite.com/products/gandalf-8-bit

Just out of curiosity, how many have you sold so far??
That's a nice shirt!
Huzah!
Thanks bro
Just ordered one. Thanks so much!
I will keep it on the site longer then, so you get the chance until next weekend. 
A old poem written by Tolkien and only published once or twice. Initially published in the [Welsh Review (Vol. IV, No. 4)](http://www.tolkienbooks.net/php/details.php?reference=31350), and translated into Serbian in 2002 with a tiny print run. (See [here](http://lingwe.blogspot.co.uk/2015/08/a-standalone-edition-of-lay-of-aotrou.html) for additional info on the Serbian edition and it's 2nd edition re-print)

It is probably best to think if it in a similar style to *The Story of Kullervo*, *The Fall of Arthur* or *The Legend of Sigurd and Gudrún*. Short story/translation with lots of commentary. This looks to be no exception as it's a 553 verse poem. The original publication in the A5 Welsh Review only took up 11 pages.

I've seen posted in other communities that in addition to the text, the book will contain at least 3 commentaries:

1. Introduction by Verlyn Flieger
2. Prefatory note on the text by Christopher Tolkien
3. Tolkien’s “Corrigan Poems”

Also pulled this from a buried part in Amazon.co.uk's listing: 
>This 556-verse-long poem tells the tragic story of a lord who sacrifices his life by love: in order to have a child with his wife, then to remain faithful to his spouse, he gives his life to a witch.’ *The J.R.R. Tolkien Estate website*
This is one of my favourite tracks too. I think it doesn't get much attention because I'm pretty sure it didn't make it into the actual film, except maybe the credits. 
Sadly almost all the new original themes written for Bilbo were replaced by the old hobbit themes from LOTR.
All of the music in the Hobbit films was good, as well as the actors. The issue was the time constraint on Peter Jackson to get the film out, which caused all sorts of problems. All the damn CGI too of course
Wow, that was unexpectedly good.
And I was even comparing it to the shire themes from the lotr soundtrack 
I thought we as a society surpassed thinking being "nerdy" is a negative trait, lol. 

If your friends genuinely enjoy films they are definitely missing out.  It's quite the visual spectacle.
Well, as you say, you can't force them to - and nagging is not likely to make them more willing. It's their loss. Is there a local club or some other place where you could meet people who already like it? 
This answer might not so popular, but get some of the good ol' ganja, shut the lights, light up some forest scented incense, blast the volume, some good snacks. 

otherwise, don't make someone watch something they don't want to. they will probably dislike it even more because they were forced. make it seem like it was their idea


My dad watched it when he saw the box office numbers 
I dont see whats "nerdy" about watching a movie. It may be "nerdy" if you div**e** deep into the backstory of everything...
It might sound like a horrible way to do it but just constantly pester them. Not too much but any time the topic of movies comes up talk about LotR. Eventually they will where down (at least my friends always do). 
I got a couple friends of mine to watch the Indiana Jones trilogy with me by convincing them just to watch the first one. I told them I thought they should give it a chance and if they didn't like it, I would never ask them to watch the other two. 
Start small. Find some down time and arrange to just watch the theatrical version of Fellowship-nothing more. If they like it and want to press on, then you've got them hooked. Do they watch Game of Thrones? Remind them that they're similar. 
That's fucking dope dude.
Did you switch characters without buying fellowship upgrades? 
Dwarves, with the exception of some of the eleven smiths of the first age and before, like Feanor.
From the Silmarillion:

"Their smithcraft indeed the Sindar soon learned of them; yet in the tempering of steel alone of all crafts the Dwarves were never outmatched even by the Noldor, and in the making of mail of linked rings, which was first contrived by the smiths of Belegost, their work had no rival."
Dang I didn't look at the sub name and thought I was in r/ElderScrolls and I was about to come in here and have a brawl with some of yall
I feel like there's a bit of inherent bias in this question.  Like others said, the dwarves to likely the better craftsman, being Aule's creation and all, and the elves learned the craft from them in the first place.

But with the dwarves general behavior, mostly staying to themselves in their mountain strongholds and being far less involved in the affairs of men and elves, we see much less of their craft in action.

Whereas in the Silmarillion and LOTR, we are mostly following the stories of men and elves, who's weapons are the ones we remember, whose names are listed among the "greats," and the dwarves and their great weapons make much less of an appearance.  So Glamdring and Sting and Orcrist and Anglachel/Gurthang and Anguirel, etc. were all swords made by men and elves, and we hear much of them and their deeds.

That is not to say that the dwarves made nothing of note, they made Narsil, the necklace Nauglamir, and the Dragon Helm of Dor-Lomin, but because of who we are reading about, they are mentioned much less.  So in a T-chart of famous craftwork, the dwarves would seem to fall short of the elves and maybe even of men, even though they would almost certainly be the better smiths and craftsmen.
To the extent that the two concepts are even separable in Tolkien, the Elves specialised in enchantment and the Dwarves specialised in craftsmanship. There are never any special properties attributed to Dwarven crafts, but meanwhile a mere side arm like Sting is enchanted to detect the presence of Orcs and is capable of piercing the exoskeletons of giant spiders even when wielded by a mere Hobbit.

I don't think there's any question that Elven arms and armour are superior to everything else made in Middle Earth. As good as Dwarven crafts are, they're still mundane.
I feel like in general dwarves are superior to elves, but the best elves were far superior to the best dwarves. I also feel like they made inherently differnt weapons and armor, dwarves focusing on heavy armor and elves on light armor
The Elves made some awesome special weapons though. Glamdring (Gandalf), Andruil (Aragorn) and Orcrist (Thorin) were made by Elves. 
Put it this way, the armour of the dwarves of Belegost was so good that they where immune to dragon fire. During the war of the jewels the army of Belegost literally walked up to Glaurung and his fire breathing brood and drove them away. I think that alone shows just how good dwarven armour is.

as for their weapons dwarves of Belegost traded their steel weapons with the Sindar, the quality of which was said to be incomparable.

Dwarves are the best smiths when it comes to weapons, armour and normal functional items. The Elves are good at making lighter armour, and magical items. For example the Silmarils, and tha Palantiri (although both of those where made by Feanor).
They don't always hit the mark with the faces...


https://www.wetanz.com/shop/figures/bilbo-baggins-barrel-rider?ref=search
Looks like Sacha Baron Cohen as Frodo
they could have done better than that jeez
looks more like weyoun.
They nailed [Éowyn](https://www.wetanz.com/shop/figures/lady-owyn-of-rohan)  
Amazing! Very luck indeed!
I picked up the Legolas bust from a garage sale last week. It's a little freaky
I have both, and honestly: the 50th anniversary edition looks beautiful on the shelf and is great when you have an armchair and reading table available. The paperback editions are for wearing and tearing - travel, making notes, underlining etc. 

It's great to have the whole trilogy in one volume but it's not the least bit practical. A bit like Shakespeare's collected works - looks great on the shelf, but if you're putting on a play and plan to bring the script with you, definitely get separate paperbacks. Common rookie mistake. 
The 50th Anniversary edition is my preference, mainly because of the gorgeous illustrations by Alan Lee. I don't believe the boxed set has any illustrations. Normally, I don't care that much about illustrations in books, but Alan Lee's are superb and really add to the atmosphere and world building. 

Weight might be an issue, but that's really the only downside to the 50th anniversary. 
I have the 50th anniversary one-volume edition and it is definitely of high quality and good for the price. It's nice to have it all in one volume but if you're planning on reading on-the-go at all I would get the box set as the one volume can be quite cumbersome.
For me personally I can't stand the thought of carrying around a book that big. I'd definitely go with the box set. Plus I love the design on those.
If you're getting that edition of The Silmarillion, get the boxed set. Mariner Books (Houghton Mifflin Harcourt) released the boxed set as well as The Silmarillion and Unfinished Tales in those neat "solid black with single color detail" books and they look great as a complete set.
Neat!
Nice work, but I hate to break it to you that you seem to have used [this image](http://www.tenstickers.co.uk/wall-stickers/img/preview/the-doors-of-durin-wall-sticker-8055.png) as your baseline rather than [the image from *LotR* itself](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/lotr/images/7/79/Moria_gate_image.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20110912215354).

Whoever made the one you used didn't know how to use Tengwar properly and just typed the (translated) text in English and swapped to a Tengwar font. This does not work. At least it isn't on a tattoo.
Nice! Also upvoted for not being the ring verse or some crappy tengwar transliteration.
fucking sweet dude
This is one of the things from the Sil that I think would translate well into film or TV, I have great images in my head of this 
Looks real nice, I like it!
They do, just a little, but the big aging effect would not happen until the ring is destroyed. 


You are expecting it because of how old Bilbo looks in Rivendell, yes?  But the movie simply gets that wrong.
Isn't this expleined in the books? 
The ring being in existence is what keeps Gollum and Bilbo essentially not age, in the movie, Bilbo shouldn't have aged much between Rivendell and his departure, but the end of ROTK is pretty accurate since the ring is gone 
Right? He was like hundreds of years old. As soon as he lost the ring he should've immediately crumbled into dust. 
So... first of all, during the War of the Last Alliance Elves were pretty strong still. And Sauron was proportionally way weaker than he was in Late Third Age. Arnor (northern kingdom) and Gondor (southern kingdom) were former númenorean colonies. Of these two it seems Arnor was way stronger in the beginning.

During the first millenia of the Third Age Arnor became weaker and weaker and Gondor became mightier and mightier until it was practically a superpower. Due to internal disputes Arnor was divided into three realms. Working behind the scenes Sauron managed to slowly destroy all the three successor kingdoms of Arnor. Northern dúnedain were pretty much done for.

Also during the Third Age the Elves slowly leave Middle-earth. And Khazad-dûm is abandoned by the dwarves thanks to balrog and dragons destroy many dwarven strongholds and they have to wage a massive war against orcs also. Gondor also starts to weaken although it was once probably the most powerful realm in entire Middle-earth. There is a bloody civil war known as Kin-Strife, Gondor is under attack on two fronts against Haradrim, Easterlings, Wainriders, Balchoth and Variags of Khand. Great Plague kill much of its population and continuous wars against Corsairs (descendants of the loosing side of civil war) deplete Gondor's strength until it is much like Byzantium was in its later years.

Gondor is definitely not lulled into thinking there is no real threat to it. It had been almost constantly in war of some scale for many centuries.

Also, during the Siege of Minas Tirith and the Battle of the Pelennor fields Gondor was under attack on the total length of its southern border by Haradrim and Corsairs. Majority of Gondor's southern forces were bound to defend the southern flank. Gondor might have had around 30 000 relatively professional soldiers in entirety, but could not send them all to Minas Tirith. (We do not have exact numbers anywhere, but there are some estimations and I personally think that 30 000 is reasonable assumptions and is probably pretty accurate, with some margin of error of course.)
As you may have gathered, the last war ended long ago.  No one is concerned with the quietly growing threat anymore.  Gondor and Rohan dispatch little groups of orcs, but that's it.  There is no vast fortress crawling with evil forces to handle (that they know of).  So nobody is prepared when they suddenly come out of nowhere and say, "There's a massive army on the way to kill everyone!".

Keeping your numbers up is something you do when there is a known enemy to face.  But when the war is over and the grand enemy is dead, there's no reason to attempt to repopulate so quickly.  The soldiers you have take care of the little buggers on the outskirts of (insert any free people's town/home here).  The rest of the people live quiet little lives.

Sauron built up his forces for years behind the closed gates of Mordor quietly before unleashing them and Saruman used (honestly) weird, unknown breeding abilities to rapidly populate a vast, powerful army.  If anyone had seen what was happening, they might have been better prepared.  Alas, they were too comfortable and their leaders were weak.
Maybe you should've regrouted the tiles first?  Would've made the text pop a lot more. 
"Made"
What..what does it mean?
Does she know you made it?
maybe coulda spent that time cleaning up the place instead.
Oh my god! You ruined her beautiful kitchen! 
That looks like elder fukarth why are you posting it in here?
Both texts are English, transliterated into what I think are the Angerthas Erebor above and the orthographic spelling of the English mode of the Tengwar below. I might be wrong about the specific modes, though.

The upper text translates to "There and back again: A Hobbit's tale" (without the capitalization and punctuation, of course).  
That is, I think, the name Bilbo gives his memoirs in the movie version.

The lower text seems to be an excerpt from the speech Bilbo gives at his birthday party (also the movie version). Is the text scrolling, or changing between menus, by any chance? Because it cuts off in the middle of the sentence.  
It reads: "Eleventy-one years is far too short a time to live among such excellent and admirable hobbits. I don't know half".  
It should then continue "of you half as well as I should like, and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve."
It would have been handed to him, in the flesh. Sauron has a body. When Gandalf was in Dol Guldur he said, "*Sauron… has taken shape again and now grows apace; and he is gathering again all the Rings to his hand*;" (Of the Rings of Power and the Third Age) He's had a body for a good long while. 

Just because Saruman was the **White Hand**, "*By the White Hand*!" (The Uruk-Hai) did not mean he was some pale hand walking around like in The Addams Family. Sauron began "*to grow*" again during the reign of the 26th King of Gondor, **Telemnar**. From out of the East he made his way through the south of Mirkwood and,

> slowly he grew and took shape there again; and in a dark hill he made his dwelling and wrought there his sorcery [Of the Rings.of.Power and the Third Age]

In **The Black Gate is Closed** Gollum recalls Sauron and shudders.

> 'It was Isildur who cut off the finger of the Enemy.'

> 'Yes, He has only four on the Black Hand, but they are enough,' said Gollum shuddering. (The Black Gate is Closed)
As an aside, in the book Sauron had a body and he was not a floating Eye. Sauron kept the Nine Rings of the Nazgûl himself, and that is how he controls them after he lost the One Ring. Since he holds their Rings, the Nine are completely enslaved to him. Gollum met Sauron in person and he says Sauron only has nine fingers (Isildur cut off the Ring).

Tolkien also mentions in one of his Letters (I can't come up with the precise quote) that no mortal could withhold the One Ring from Sauron in his presence.

So yeah, my guess is that they would either take the Ring, or the Ringbearer and the Ring, and go back to Sauron.

Their plan at Weathertop was to stab Frodo with the morgul-blade, and he would turn into a wraith under control of the Nazgûl. But Hobbits are more resilient than they expected.
Even with the ubiquitous Eye of Sauron depicted in the films, I thought it was always pretty obvious from the dialogue that Sauron had a physical form. He was just not ready to manifest himself until he got the Ring back.
I'd say it's a combination of the movie making it seem like a more difficult dash to make unseen, for dramatic effect, and the hobbits really not having a plan. They knew they had to get to mordor, but they thought the gate was the only way, so they had to try even if it was a slim chance.

Though I do kind of agree they'd have almost no chance. I feel like the council of elrond should have spent more thought on specifically *how* to get into mordor before sending the fellowship off.
Are you asking about what happens in the book?  Or in the movie?  

I think that in the book Tolkien has them confront the gate in order to make agreeing with Gollum's plan (to go the dark and secret way) plausible.  Presumably Jackson does the same.  Though Gollum/Smeagol is more agreeable at this point, I don't believe that even Frodo (much less Sam) would have followed Gollum into a dark tunnel unless he truly believed that there was no other way.  
The hobbits tended to go unnoticed in most instances. Unless they made their presence known, or were with others, they were exceptionally good at passing unseen.

This is exactly why Bilbo made such a good burglar. In the books, he manages to get in and out of Erebor completely invisibly, the only reason Smaug knows he had gotten in is because he took something.

They probably just thought that they could run, unseen, through the gate. If no one was looking for them, it's entirely possible they could have made it through.
IMO the movies really had difficulty with getting a handle on just how big Mordor was anyways, and that includes the area around the gate.
Exactly, they didn't really expect to get that far. And I'm sure they felt pretty sneaky after dashing past a group of urik-hai at amon hen. Hobbits sometimes aren't the brightest. Specifically frodo. 
Have you seen all the movies?  Because I don't want to get into spoilers if you haven't.

Frodo is fairly certain he is fated to make it into Mordor, he has faith, and he's willing to take insane chances to make it happen, because all entrances are guarded.  If you've seen the movies, I can say more.
It was a +1 sword
Not really flushed out too well in the hobbit, but there is a theme running through the books where potency, power and skill seem to fade as the ages pass in middle earth.  This theme is probably most evident in the Silmarillion.  

In the age that Orcrist was made, the Elves would have been pretty much at the height of their power.  Additionally there are many instances of trade in goods and exchange of skills between dwarves and elves.  So it is reasonable to consider some dwarvish influence either directly or indirectly.

Further, removing the need of dwarvish skill altogether.  We have Elves who departed/were exiled from Valinor who essentially had 1st generation knowledge/training/tutelage from Aule...pretty much the god of forging/smithing and what not...Whereas Thorin & Co did not...
Hello again. Orcrist (and Glamdring) were both forged by the Noldor in the first age, as Gandalf said in AUJ. Considering that the two swords were made for Turgon, the King of Gondolin, and the fact that the Noldor were Aule's favourite Elves and many learned directly from him, we can safely assume that they're some of the best swords in Middle-Earth during the Third Age. The sword Thorin uses isn't named or focused on at all, so we can assume that it's a pretty generic, run of the mill Dwarven sword. 
Stuff like that is why we'll never get Silmarillion movies
This was surprisingly good :D
This gave me a good chuckle, and I always wondered these things, too.
Damn. Never thought about the different direction the arrows came from. 
That's a great find! Have you read it yet? I love those letters. 
Definitely read it this winter. It's great.
I used to own that little book; they're great! They're only a small selection of the letters Tolkien wrote as Father Christmas to his kids though. I would recommend buying the bigger book with them all in: https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00HTJXHMI/ref=mp_s_a_1_2
I love his Father Christmas letters! My dad used to read them to me every year when I was little. Lots of fun! 
My favourite thing he did outside of the Middle Earth stuff.
A custom commission done by a my girl's sister.
I want your shirt.

I am that guy!!!
I wish this is what the Eye had looked like, rather than being a lighthouse.
The kind that are too stoned to know what they're wearing
r/madlads
Fucking-a! Front page baby!
https://www.etsy.com/shop/TieDye4Fashion?ref=hdr_shop_menu
This is of course giving huge respect to Howard Shore 
PJ did a phenomenal job at creating masterful movies. He also did a great job with the adaptation. Of course there are going to be things that pull you out of your suspended disbelief as have all movies tbh and as book fans even make you wince a bit, but still, the movies were incredibly well made. 
I totally agree, especially since he didn't have a lot if description to work with. In LOTR Tolkien doesn't give a lot of exposition on what people and places look like, at least not anywhere near as much as he did when writing 'The Hobbit'. He gave very brief descriptions and let the reader's mind fill in the blanks. I'm not saying that is a bad thing mind you, just that it would make it fairly difficult to adapt to on screen visuals while staying true to the source text. 
The Lord of the Rings proved one thing, nothing was un-filmable  
I really can't watch the battles without noting how stupid some moves are. Perhaps PJ made them "entertaining" for large crowds.
what the actual fuck what book is this based on again
What year is this from?

And I mean I understand they have to take some creative liberties because of the time limit but wow did they even read the book?
Very nice! I personally like the rust on the sword as it gives a little color to the work. 
this is great. But I was still groggy this morning when I read the post and thought at first it said "Nazgul farted on me".
This is a great impressionistic work. I like that it's not just a direct iteration, but has some detail work that was your own interpretation. I love the gauntlets and the hood. Great stuff!
This is excellent. I'm really like the gauntlets. And if you just went lighter or didn't include the rust on the blade it would be good
I really like the new take on rust being on the gauntlets/blade. Was it just for a color pop or was there a specific reason? Why a Nazgul specifically?

I personally really like the Nazgul. They're some of my favorite characters in the LotR universe so it's always cool to see them here.
Aww man gauntlet porn love it
I really really love how gritty and unfinished this is. While I appreciate artists that create almost hyper-realistic art, I love seeing the brush strokes and the whole process of how you made it. Plus I feel it lends to the subject as well. Nazgul aren't essentially all there. They're somewhere in the middle of the living and the dead. I feel not creating finite lines with this adds to what a Nazgul really is. 
I don't know why but I read that as Nazgul fart...
Awesome job man! I'd love to see you attempt some Turin Turambar in his dwarven mask if you're familiar with it. 
Not a fan of the sword, but otherwise it's good. I particularly like the rust on him. 
Stunning.
I like this website wallpapercave.com
There are many good LOTR wallpapers there 
[How's this?](http://cdn.wallpapersafari.com/37/85/GKWxYl.jpg) 
Having done several marathon's of all six films (extended), I would say that when you account for the inevitable pauses between movies for bathroom breaks and the grabbing of snacks, you're looking at right about exactly 24 hours.
End to end, including credits but not fan club credits (which adds another 40 minutes), all six extended add up to 20 hrs and 17 minutes.
i would say roughly 18 hr running time
I'd say between 18 and 24 hours.
Fun fact, the tear wasn't scripted
The fact that it's a relatively long shot leading into the reveal is perfect
Beautiful
There are many fools of the tooks
[The scene in question](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5GGO4fj4av8)
Too many Tooks
You win all the karma 

At a glance it looks like the scene at helms deep with the elves
A ballista would probably tear a tendon at least. If they could mount them onto chariots they might be able to wrap them around like AT's from Star Wars. 

Arrows aren't completely useless, Legolas uses 3 to instant kill one in the brain. Also I remember a soldier throwing a spear into a joint, and that brought the leg down. 

I actually feel like the riders on the oliphaunts were a bigger threat than the beasts, although the tight-formation horse charge was probably a stupid thing to do.
thanks!
That looks like if Gollum had legolas's baby
That's really cool.  Congrats.
Because it would give them boost in political and military power. They could use the Ring against Sauron. How effectively is somewhat open to debate, but at least they could put up far tougher fight. Elrond, Galadriel or perhaps even Aragorn might be able to assemble their own "empires" with the help of the Ring. They would become military and political powerhouses and might even be able to defeat Sauron.

The Ring gives the ability to control and dominate other minds so that they become your servants/slaves. With the Ring Aragorn or Gandalf might have defeated Sauron, but it would be like Nazis and Soviets fighting... who ever is the victor just becomes the new Dark Lord.

Using the Ring against Sauron face-to-face only Gandalf might have been able to defeat him. But at least Elrond and Galadriel and maybe Aragorn might have defeated Sauron indirectly, by destroying his political power.

By the way, Faramir perhaps was attracted to the Ring, but put up with the temptation and did not try to take the Ring from Frodo. Movies portray him wrong. Also, only few Men were even aware of the Ring. Even Faramir, although able to read ancient texts from the archives and who WAS interested of ancient lore and had in fact read fair share of it was not very informed about the Ring.
I have often myself questioned what would actually happen had one of them used the ring and defeated Sauron. As he used a portion of his own life force to create the ring would it's wearer simply then just become the new embodiment of Sauron or would they just be corrupted by the ring and made evil, still remaining essentially themselves.

With Sauron's body already destroyed, what was the actual plan for the ring if Sauron had captured it? Would it have been given to The Witch King of Angmar, essentially making him the new Sauron, or was there some way to actually recreate Sauron's body using the ring, Or maybe simply a body of flame similar to the eye? I mean, Sauron is basically a necromancer, would he have been able to "rebuild" or reanimated his body somehow?
absolutely not. 
No. I really think the PJ films are the definitive filmed version, I doubt they could do better. It actually makes me sad to realize that it's possible that in my lifetime different people will be cast as the characters and the series rebooted for the big screen.
It's the only way they could ever include stuff like Tom Bombadil.

It also might also for some of the songs to make their way into credit music (like in GOT)

Also some of the characters may actually get to be portrayed as they deserve (e.g. Faramir and Densthor).
If they did LOTR as a TV show they could pace it properly and include scenes like the Barrow Downs and the first meeting with the elves without having to cut for movie-pacing.  So yes I would quite like that.
Absolutely! While I love PJ's Trilogy, the source material could have been handled better.

Someone posted this last week (in regards to doing *The Silmarillion*) but the author, also did 3 seasons for LotR. But this is a pretty outline for doing LotR as a 3 season episodic format.

https://silmarillionseries.com/category/the-lord-of-the-rings/
I'd be behind it but only if the production value is there like GOT. The movies being too recent however I wouldn't even see this as a viable option until the copyright runs out on the lotr estate which is in 2042 I think. so after that we might see something of the like.
No, but I think The Silmarillion could work well in a episodic format 
It's crossed my mind more times than I can count, how great it could potentially be if LoTR could get the 'Game of Thrones' treatment from HBO. Just think, they wouldn't have to make things up simply because the author hadn't finished writing it yet, or worse, because the producers thought they knew better than the author. Imagine a one-hour episode for every chapter of LoTR, with the kind of production quality that HBO is famous for?
Yes. But then, I would ideally like to start it all the way back in the first age and cover everything. Which means it probably should be animated so you could do character aging properly.
Yes - it'll never happen but a 12 or 14 hour miniseries would be great.  Take the time to tell it right, less cutesy-poo, cut out the comedy, tell it as the grinding war story that it is.
Gandalf more or less says he is the most dangerous person in Middle-earth, aside from the Dark Lord, so I guess he implies that Sauron is stronger.

Gandalf also struggles with Sauron from a distance, when Frodo is on Amon Hen. He doesn't win or lose but gives Frodo the time to make his own choice. After that he says he was exhausted and wandered long in dark thought. 

Then there is the thing in some of Tolkien's stories where when two very powerful people fight, they both die. It happens at least three times with Balrogs vs other powerful people, and it happens when Elendil and Gil-galad fight Sauron.
This just seems like a popularity contest. 
The Silmarillion was kind of a tough read but I'm glad I got through it.  It made The Children of Hurin better and after reading LOTR afterwards, I understood more of the references.  LOTR has rekindled my fascination with Tom Bombadil so I think I'm on to 'Tales from the Perilous Realm' next.
Are those fat volumes on the left HoME?
kill the cameraman/woman
I think it's fitting that the picture was taken with a poh-tay-toe!
Wow, cool! You got to meet Sean Astin AND Michael J Fox in the same day! 
You'll have to excuse the blurry picture, our volunteer photographer was less than gifted. Cool time though!

(I'm the one in red on the left.)
I wonder how many people ask Sean to carry them.
He always seems like the nicest guy.
It's sad you only had a potato and not a camera :(
What's the story here? I'm getting a community theatre vibe
SHARE THE LOOOOAAADDDD.
I like to err on the side that the picture was taken with a poh-tay-toe!
Hey I'm in there. Yellow shirt in the back
but, but why take a photo with a potato??????

He's a pretty nice guy. http://m.imgur.com/gallery/kBJ31UU
Share the mocha
Reminds me of when my friend said "bro, i'm great at taking pictures" and I got to meet one of my heroes Chino from the band Deftones and my friend took the picture. I came home to find an image that looks like sasquatch footage. 

Whatever though, the moment lives in my memory. 
Camera's Precious? No. Taters!!! Boil Em Mash EM Take a Pic or Two!
Got to meet him at a con in Portland Oregon a couple years back.  He was super sweet, chatted with my wife and I for about ten or fifteen minutes as we were the last people of the day.  
He's offering to help share the load
Seems like such a dad 
Why do so many posts start with the word "so"?
Is he pregnant? 
[removed]
This is not lotr related 
The orcs stopped, dropping Pippin onto the hard dirt. Merry wasn't moving. The orcs ran into the Saurobucks of the Rohan plains and forced a double shot espresso down his throat. He choked, but in moments was standing, weary but defiant-
I'd like to echo all the other comments, and make one more point.

Gandalf *never* speaks of things that he himself has not personally verified.  I think that's a super important theme in the novels.  Eye-witness verification...  He has suspicions, but keeps them mostly to himself.  He never speaks of the Ring as the One Ring until he reads the words inscribed upon it himself.  He does not advocate for traveling through Moria except as an opportunity born of need... both Aragorn and Gandalf suspect Moria holds an ancient evil, but neither of them speculate openly.

I love that about Gandalf's character. Even in simple non-threatening situations he will not claim knowledge that he doesn't have, regardless of obvious circumstantial evidence.  When he talks to Bilbo after The Party, Bilbo says, *"well, I guess you know best..."*  And Gandalf responds, *"I do.  When I know anything."*

And to Frodo, long after Bilbo departs... about the Ring... *"Know?  I don't know... there is one final test to be made."*

He even scolds Wormtongue... "Lie!  That word comes too easily from your tongue.  *I don't lie.*  *The wise speak only of what they know.*"

Gandalf doesn't speculate openly.  And he never presents anything as fact that he doesn't know from personal observation.  Countless more examples from the text elude my memory.

edit: I thought of another one... the Palantirs of Orthanc and Minas Tirith... even after Wormtongue chucks the Palantir at Gandalf and Pippin recovers it... Gandalf still says that he is not sure how Isengard and Mordor "exchanged news."  Only after Pippin looks in the Stone does Gandalf say that his suspicion is confirmed.  This is echoed by the Palantir of Minas Tirith.  In both cases Gandalf must have known (well... as he would say, suspected,) but he *never* states as fact his suspicions until he confirms them in person.

Also, and secondarily... the Dwarves are not Olórin's task in Middle-earth.  He's much busier with the issue of Sauron and The Ring and his business *"was much more dangerous, though the Shire-folk knew nothing of that."*

*note... all quotes off the top of my head, and may deviate slightly from the actual text.
The dwarves were aware of the potential danger of Moria. No warning from Gandalf needed.
What warning could Gandalf have given Balin? He didn't know more about the situation in Moria than the Dwarves did.
Gandalf was in the dark about Moria just like Balin, nothing he could say that Balin didn't already know. 
Thanks! Just to clarify, I did mean specifically durins bane. I know Balin and Co would be aware of the orcs desire for the strategic location. Probably one of the reasons they went there, other than establishing a wider Kingdom. But if Gandalf didn't know for certain and going by only whispers, how could he warn them? Thanks again for the info! 
To preface, I also love the films, and in general I think most of the changes were acceptable, given the nature of the differences in medium.

That said, I have a few complaints (most of them probably common ones:)

* Faramir. Utterly worthless in the film. Immediately kidnaps Frodo when it's clear that he's not the enemy, continues to hold him hostage even though he knows that Frodo was a companion of Boromir, and then tries to take them hostage all the way to freaking Gondor once he learns about the Ring. Sure, he let Frodo go in the end, but he was still a huge dick to begin with, and I'm not sure that him letting them go really "redeems" him, considering how much of Frodo's time he wasted and how far he took them out of their way. Not to mention that his stunt at the Forbidden Pool is probably the catalyst that undoes all of Frodo's work in redeeming Gollum. So you know, it's hard to feel sorry for him when he's riding out on the suicide mission. And then after that, Gandalf has to waste time from the battle to save Faramir's sorry ass from being burned. Movie Faramir does not do a single goddamn useful thing to help in the quest or the war, at all. At best, he's neutral and stays out of the way, and at worst, he's a bumbling hindrance. It's like, damn, maybe Denethor was right after all and Faramir is just a big screw-up. In the books, Faramir at least provided some guidance and assistance to Frodo without being a useless buffoon.

* While cool looking, Aragorn using the ghost army to win the Battle of Gondor kind of cheapened the overall victory; in the book, he uses the ghosts to scare off the enemies on the corsair ships, and brings a company of rangers and warriors to aid in the battle. Bit more impactful than using an invincible ghost army.

* I really would've liked to see the "Conspiracy Unmasked" arc. It really serves to deepen Merry and Pippin's characters, and it's pretty hilarious when Merry reveals how much he already knows about the Ring and about Mordor. And it shows that they make a conscious decision to go with Frodo, even though they know the stakes. I much prefer that to the movies where they just accidentally bump into Frodo and get caught up in the events without really knowing what's going on.

* Along similar lines, the Scouring of the Shire. It's short, but it really helps to tie everything together, really showing how far the hobbits have come since they first set out.

* Maybe it's not fair because to count this because it was a deleted scene, but as I generally vastly prefer the extended editions, this marks the only occasion where I think the scene should've stayed deleted: Gandalf's staff being broken by the Witch King. It doesn't make any sense in the context of the characters and is pretty unnecessary. I don't like that scene at all.

There are of course many other changes that I didn't list, most of them I'm neutral about. Things like the elves helping out at the battle of Helm's Deep... Totally not in the book, but I don't really have any complaints about it, in the context of the films. That said, there are a few changes that I think actually were a *good* idea:

* Removal of Tom Bombadil. Don't get me wrong, I love Bombadil's character and his songs, and his chapters are some of my favorites to revisit in the book. But, ultimately, he's best as a book character, and not as a movie character. I just don't think his story would translate well to film. I guess the one exception would be if they got Brian Blessed involved... He's the only one I can imagine who would do justice to Bombadil's character.

* Aragorn's character was pretty different in the films, and I kind of appreciate what Peter Jackson did. It gave Aragorn some much-needed depth, IMO. In the books he's already pretty gung-ho about flashing his broken sword around and going with Boromir to Gondor; showing him to instead prefer his elven upbringing before reluctantly coming to terms with his role as a leader of mankind was a welcome change.
I don't see why they cut out Elrond's sons, Halbarad and the Grey Company from RotK. They're major players in Aragorn's storyline and I would've liked to see them included. 
The absolute butchery of Saruman and Wormtongue's story after Isengard and absence of the Battle of the Bywater. Boromir's adaptation included little to none of the noble characteristics the books clearly gave him, and to take that a step further they gave little credit to Denethor whom should have been heralded much more as a stout warrior for being the only man to withstand Sauron's guise via the palantir for as long as he did... same goes for Faramir. They pretty much shit the bed with the portrayal of Men. 

There are really too many to list.
the complete removal of the chapter "the scouring of the shire" and the vicious murder of saruman
I'm not sure if there is much of anything I would change but there are some scenes I would like to add to the films because, you know, the extended edition just isn't long enough! 

One scene in particular takes place in Rivendell at the table of Elrond. I love the conversation Frodo has with Gloin. I also love that this is the first time Frodo recognizes Gandalf as more than just a simple, wandering mage. Frodo sees him as royal and stately sitting next to Elrond. This is also the first time Frodo sees Arwen. 

So I guess going against what I previously said, I would change something from the FoTR. I don't mind Arwen escaping to Rivendell with Frodo but I really do not like how the movie makes it seem that Arwen is calling upon the waters to rise up against the ring wraiths. She doesn't do it, it's Gandalf and Elrond's power combined that does. So I would like that little scene of her murmuring a spell under her breath to be taken out. It would be better to have her startled as well by the crashing river waves of white steeds (Gandalf's touch 😏)
I would love to see Tom Bombadil in movies because he saved hobbits in the beginning of their journey,it is main plot hole in the movies,without him hobbits wouldnt be able to reach village Bree, and journey will be ended soon.
https://gfycat.com/AromaticMetallicHound
While I love Peter Jackson's movies, there are a lot of things that I think were mishandled. Faramir (and *especially* his relationship with Denethor) was one of them.
I think his scenes with Denethor were excellent, but they totally screwed up his "air of wizardry" he had in the book.
He's amazing in the books. So noble and genuinely *good*. He's far more flawed in Jackson's movies.
Faramir is my favorite character in the books but Peter Jacksn's version totally screwed him up.
I'd agree. He and his father were actually wise men.
I agree, after seeing the movies numerous times and then reading the books, Faramir was one of the most pleasant surprises, I really like the character
I would disagree. Book Faramir is unrealistic and kills the potency of the ring. In a movie where you have limited time to tell a story without losing your audience, you can't have a minor character saying that if he found the object you spent a whole movie building up as a vile drug like power is even the very Wise fear, saying this.

“But fear no more! I would not take this thing, if it lay by the highway. Not were Minas Tirith falling in ruin and I alone could save her, so, using the weapon of the Dark Lord for her good and my glory. No, I do not wish for such triumphs, Frodo son of Drogo.” 

You've just killed the Rings threat right then and there. I'm amazed book fans don't call Tolkien out on that more. 
What does the script say?
Is it this one (from the chapter The Riders of Rohan in The Two Towers)?

>"The counsel of Gandalf was not founded on foreknowledge of safety, for himself or for others," said Aragorn. "There are some things that it is better to begin than to refuse, even though the end may be dark."

But what design would you go for? The ring isn't really central to the story of The Hobbit.
The Tolkien FAQ dives into that topic quite thoroughly.

http://tolkien.slimy.com/tfaq/EnemyMisc.html#Entwives

tl:dr Tolkien writes in two of his letters that he does not believe the Ent Wives survived a 'scorched earth' policy in the war against Sauron that ended the Second Age. There is a conversation between Sam and Ted Sandyman in the Green Dragon Inn in Chapter 2 of FOTR that discusses sightings of moving trees in the northern part of the Shire. Some have concluded this means Tolkien intended for Ent Wives to survive and be in the Shire. But there's not enough evidence to draw any conclusion. The fact is this part of LOTR was written when it was still meant to be a children's book, a sequal to The Hobbit. Tolkien had also written that part before he developed Ents. I suggest reading the entry in its entirety, it should cover everything pretty well. 
*Sam's cousin said he saw what looked like an Elm tree walking*

This is the best evidence.  And Fangorn (Treebeard) is super interested when Merry and Pippin describe The Shire.  He asks them if they've seen Entwives there (saying that they would like such a country), and when they depart he begs them to send news should they see any.

In a nutshell, it seems likely that there may be Entwives in the forests of The Shire.  I certainly like to think so, though there's no further mention of them in the canon so far as I can remember.
Not an LotR expert by any means, but I did read not long ago. Didn't a tree attack the hobbits and they met Tom Bombadil when he saved them from it? Was that tree anything to do with the Ents?
The entire reason the Ents and the Entwives were separated is because the Entwives don't like living in places like the Old Forest. They like gardens and farms and well-tended groves. The Entwives are either all dead or so far away they'll never be found. The Fourth Age is the Age of Men, and the Ents will die out just like the Dwarves and Elves.
I would like to think the Entwives survived but I believe they went to what in the third age was called the brown lands and built their gardens there. I think that the Hurons in The Old Forest somehow survived from the first age when the whole of eastern middle watch was covered in forests and as man settled and cut them down and Beleriand sunk they got separate and somehow survived.
There's always the fun thought that Yavanna called them to Valinor to avoid their imminent fates when men/sauron took over, and the males were left behind to fight. 

I mean, I have 0 evidence, but as far as head canon goes it makes me feel better than "they all died".
As long as there's no proof of them being extinct, I like to think they did :)
Thanks for posting Matt :)
I think he had just been through so much that he couldn't settle back into his former life anymore.
It was a combination of factors that made Frodo leave Middle-earth.  
Part of it was just fatigue, and probably a difficulty of finding back into normal life after his experiences. Sam notes that "Frodo dropped quietly out of all the doings of the Shire", and more or less shut himself in.  
Another part of it was the after-effects of the damage the Ring had caused.  
Another part was the after-effects of the Morgul wound you mention. Note this exchange between Sam and Frodo:  
>One evening Sam came into the study and found his master looking very strange. He was very pale and his eyes seemed to see things far away.
"What’s the matter, Mr. Frodo?" said Sam.  
"I am wounded," he answered, "wounded; it will never really heal."  
But then he got up, and the turn seemed to pass, and he was quite himself the next day. It was not until afterwards that Sam recalled that the date was October the sixth. Two years before on that day it was dark in the dell under Weathertop.

And finally, there were also after-effects of Shelob's poison. Every March 13th, on the anniversary of Shelob's attack on Frodo, he fell ill again.

So all in all, Frodo suffered from a lot of recurring, and probably permanent, after-effects of wounds sustained during his way to Mordor. The journey to Valinor promises healing and rest.  
I think it's most clearly put in the quote I already gave above:  
>"I am wounded," he answered, "wounded; it will never really heal."
I'm almost done reading The Two Towers, so I can't speak to the books yet, but in the film:

*Frodo winces and grabs his shoulder.*

Sam: Mister Frodo, what is it?

Frodo: It's been four years to the day since Weathertop, Sam.  It's never really healed.

So in the films, there definitely is a relation between his wound and wanting to leave Middle Earth, whether it be related to the physical or psychological pain.
Yeah its crazy what Frodo went throught. It makes sense he needed to leave. Its just sad he didnt get to live a full Hobbit's life. Maybe Sam should of held the ring, you know "Lighten the load".
WHERE DO I BUY THIS?!!
I immediately thought of Bilbo's party scene when I saw the OP of this gif. 
I saw a Halloweem blow up yard dragon at Walmart and I was sad it didn't have wings.  :(  What kind of Dragon doesn't have wings?  Nice kite.
Nonsense! There haven't been dragons in these parts for a thousand years!
Well... It's a dragon alright
How Smaug should have looked in the movies.
This is sweet, I want to get an Aure Entuluva tattoo as well. Such an incredible section of the Silmarillion and Tolkiens writing.
Nicely done. Best quote ever. 
My friend and I got these back in '14:
http://imgur.com/xnPVpX9
Still don't regret it. 
Cool! I have an ilye queluva one, love the ending 
Damn that's pretty cool. How accurate is the transcription? 
I've got the same tattoo 2 weeks ago, on my right forearm! I've always thought that that passage of Hurin is one of the keys of the Silmarillion, anger and hope at the same time and this is exactly what this sentence means for me on my skin: anger and hope!
Tiocfadh ar là?
Consider reading the Appendices:

> Throughout the Third Age the guardianship of the Three Rings was known only to those who possessed them. But at the end it became known that they had been held at first by the three greatest of the Eldar: Gil-galad, Galadriel and Círdan. Gil-galad before he died gave his ring to Elrond; Círdan later surrendered his to Mithrandir. For Círdan saw further and deeper than any other in Middle-earth, and he welcomed Mithrandir at the Grey Havens, knowing whence he came and whither he would return.

> ‘Take this ring, Master,’ he said, ‘for your labours will be heavy; but it will support you in the weariness that you have taken upon yourself. For this is the Ring of Fire, and with it you may rekindle hearts in a world that grows chill. But as for me, my heart is with the Sea, and I will dwell by the grey shores until the last ship sails. I will await you.’
Secondary question: Why are dwarves (excluding Gimli) barely mentioned in the main trilogy? Do they not have much presence in middle-earth?
"Weilder of the flame of Arnor" 
The stone Giant's are a leftover from when *The Hobbit* was written.  At the time of its writing Tolkien did have giants, but this idea changed and evolved such that by the time he was writing LotR, Giants were no longer part of his Middle-earth.  So if you like, you can think of the giants as metaphor for the storm itself.

While we're on the subject....

>*Melkor/Morgoth twisted the others creations into his own - Elves -> Orcs and Ents -> Trolls (know I'm forgetting some)

Be careful here. Orcs as corrupted Elves is also an early idea of Tolkien's, one that was largely rejected.  And we're told in LOTR that trolls and orcs were made in *mockeries* of Ents and Elves, not that they were made *from* ents and elves.
I don't know how widely this theory is accepted among Tolkien fans, but there's always the possibility that Bilbo just made them up. Maybe there was a landslide or something relatively mundane, and Bilbo decided to inject a little embellishment to his story.
*The Hobbit* wasn't originally intended to be a part of Tolkien's wider mythology from The Silmarillion. Lot's of inconsistencies are left as a result of that.
They could have been the spirits of the mountains.  In LotR, Gimli expresses a belief in the personification of the spires of the Misty Mountains.  This idea is seen several places, including areas around where Tom Bombadil lives where the river and the trees and the land itself has spirits that are alive and feral and harken back into the depths of time when they might have been alive. 
They're about as canon as Bullroarer's invention of golf.

...And where the hell did old Bombadil get a blue jacket and yellow boots?
Don't forget those nice hairy big feet! :D
Tolkien drew Bilbo wearing typical shirt, waistcoat, and breeches that went to the calves.  I expect his model was the long, loose man's shirt that was common in England from the late 17th to the early 19th century.  Textiles would be homespun wool, cotton, and flax - maybe hemp, who knows?  Maybe plants we no longer have and fibers we know nothing about.

No mention is made of hats at all - not a hat wearing race I guess.

They get cloaks from the elves later on.  And Bilbo finds good pocket handkerchiefs essential accessories.

You won't go far wrong looking at English country dress of the 1800-1840 period, especially garments like the "wagoner's frock".  

http://www.scran.ac.uk/packs/exhibitions/learning_materials/webs/55/dealbhmor_aodach_Beurla.html

Mr. McDonald even has a yellow waistoat.
Silmarillion is kinda gloomy in the beginning so I'd imagine a perfect spot to be more London-esque
where is this?
As someone looking at moving into a cabin in the mountains.... This looks very appealing
Needs more violent aristocratic elves. 
I'm sorry, what are you doing reading on a day like that?  That's the perfect day and place to meet elves!
I'm jealous

How about looking onto the Alps?
yea turn that saturation up a little higher
Very beautiful and my favorite book! :)
For all the grandiose cinematography used in the movies, it's worth remembering that the Lord of the Rings is largely about the dangers of industrialisation and the threat to rural England. 

A village pub in the West Midlands is probably the most apt place to read stories of Arda
best place to read the Silmarillion is Gondolin before the Fall.
Not only to read, the the perfect place to be in general. Lol
This is under one of the trees of light ;) 
You don't simply ''read the silmarillion''. 

You study it. You absorb it slowly. You go back and forth time and again. You take fucking notes. You title paragraphs.

...Damn, i wish i could be so thorough about anything else except Tolkien.
"Oh say can you see..." 

All I can see is the flag. American patriotism is nauseating.
If it ain't New Zealand, it ain't Middle Earth.
I read LotR in 1963. I was 11.

It would pretty much be impossible to love it more than I did then, but now I have a deeper love. I learn something new, either about the book or about myself, every time I read it.
I was 5 or 6 when The Fellowship came out. My opinion of all things Tolkien has only grown. 
I saw the beginning of the Fellowship on TV while channel surfing with my dad when I was 8 and he said, oh we have to watch this, so we stayed up and watched the whole thing. I read the main trilogy and the hobbit in third and fourth grades, so I guess when I was eight or nine. I read the Silmarillion for the first time when I was fourteen and didn't understand it at all. Since then I've read the trilogy another two or three times, Currently rereading the Silmarillion for at least the fifth time and I just finished parsing through the Unfinished Tales and the Lays of Beleriand by Christopher Tolkien. I really don't like to reread books since most just aren't interesting enough to warrant multiple readthroughs, but Tolkien's work is the biggest exception to this, I don't think that I'll ever get tired of reading them because I always find or remember some detail that I haven't before.
I read the Hobbit somewhere between eight and ten, read Lord of the Rings at about thirteen. 
I saw the Rankin-Bass Hobbit special when it first aired on TV, around 1978-ish. I read it a million times, and then I finally read this other book by the same author, The Fellowship of the Ring. It blows my mind that there are fans young enough to have been introduced to the movies on TV. Didn't the movies come out just a couple years ago?
I was twelwe or thirteen the first time i read them. Since then I've been re-reading them roughly once a year. For many years I read the old swedish translation (the infamous one by Åke Ohlmarks), so reading them in english the first time was an eye-opener, to say the least =).

I still read new things when reading them, deepening my respect for how well-thought out the world and history of Middle-earth is.

I've seen the movies, and beautiful as they are, I think they are really poor adaptations. Don't own them, never will. I recommend them to those who haven't read the books and ask them to read the books as well =)
I grew up watching the Rankin-Bass Hobbit and my dad read The Hobbit aloud to my sister and me when I was very small, probably 4 years old. I still remember him reading about the wargs, getting to Beorn and being surprised because he wasn't in the movie, and just being so excited for story time.

When I got to grade school, I started watching the Rankin-Bass Return of the King and realised that the Ring was so much more evil than I ever thought it was...

Then, when I was 10 my Dad told me that a new Lord of the Rings movie trilogy was being made. To prepare, I started reading the books at 11 and even watched the Bakshi LotR which we mocked mercilessly. 

I couldn't get enough of Tolkien, so I read Farmer Giles of Ham etc and even started reading The Silmarillion at age 12. I didn't understand most of it, but I read it at least twice more (I totally destroyed my dad's first edition first printing copy by carrying it with me everywhere for a year. Ouch.)

I watched Peter Jackson's movies nearly every single weekend once they were on DVD.

My opinion of them has changed from thinking that they were a really good story to honestly believing that they are one of the best works of fiction I've ever read. The more I read (Letters, Unfinished Tales, Book of Lost Tales...), the more I'm aware of the emotional, thematic, philosophical, and philological depth his work has and only love it more.
My college buddy brought me to see the first movie. I don't think I blinked or moved from the front edge of my seat the entire time. I remember being so pissed when it ended and that I'd have to wait a year for the second one. Ever since that day I became a Tolkien freak. I've read, watched and played EVERYTHING (I think.) Better late than never : )
First read LotR in like 1999 or 2000 when I was 12 ... watched the movies as they came out in theaters. 
I'm reading them for the first time now. I only have time to use audiobooks though so I have to wait until the 14th to listen to The Return of the King. 
I read the hobbit at 8, and didn't revisit it until I was in college. Since then I read the series probably 3 times a year. Still finding things that I haven't discovered before, the depth of Middle Earth is incredible. The Hobbit, and Lord of the Rings series have influenced me greatly.
I read The Hobbit and LotR through 1982 & 1983, finishing when I was 9. From then on, in school, I had exceptional reading & writing skills, and I blame that experience. I've read the books a lot of times since (10+), as well as a bunch of the other stuff. 

I watched the LotR films within hours of them coming out in NZ, and a number of times since--particularly the director's cuts. I watched the first hobbit film a couple of weeks after it came out, and had a Phantom Menace moment. I will not watch any of the Hobbit films again, but am gonna watch one of the fan edits soon.

I read the books to my daughter, finishing when she was 10 or 11. I was aware of how much my opinion of them has changed. I saw a lot more of the humour. The books have a great deal of internal cohesion and I appreciate the connection to the deeper history that Tolkien developed. 

I am also aware of just how conservative Tolkien was, socially, and find the romances odd.

I still notice new subtleties. For instance, when the hobbits are cavorting in The Prancing Pony, Strider watches them, immersed in shadows, a brooding figure of darkness. He is one of two people who knows both what Frodo is carrying and its true significance. He is Isildur's heir. He is also a mortal Man, subject to the allure of the One. 

What chance was there that he wasn't contemplating taking it from Frodo? He would protect these bumbling idiots from the Shadow that haunted them. The capering buffoons were putting it in jeopardy, as they were sure to do again and again. And he would be best to keep it safe, to destroy it, or perhaps even better--to overcome Sauron once and for all, and re-build Gondor...

Those shadows he sits in might well be a figure for the temptation that the Ring puts upon him. And even though he overcomes that temptation, the doubts about the hobbits must surely remain, a shadow over him...
I first read Hobbit in 1965 and LotR in 1966 at age 16. It was the summer before my senior year in high school, and I read LotR in three days. When Sam says, "Well, I'm back," I burst into tears, then went right back to the beginning and read it again. 

I've lost track of how many times I've read these books. And yes, Lord of the Rings is a very different story when you are a teenager (I identified most with Pippin) than it is when you hit middle age. At that point, like Bilbo and especially Frodo, you begin to understand that life only gets more complicated, not less. Your troubles rise to challenge your maturity. You will start getting bad news from your bank, your doctor, or your friendly family wizard. 

I loved the movies, btw. 
When I was around 5, my dad read me The Hobbit and then continued on through LOTR. I'm 20 now, but I whenever I do a re-read, I still picture some scenes the way I did when I was young. My dad also took me to the midnight premiers of all three movies. I was so young for the first one that I thought the cosplayers present were actually the actors. Being introduced to the series at such a young age caused it to be a huge part of my childhood. I was always pretending to be one character another, always pestering my grandmother to sew me some elvish clothing, and always trying to drag my friends into LOTR-related imagination games. It just makes the series that much more meaningful and fun for me as an adult.
My dad bought me my first copy when I was 8. I'm 20 now and I've read them every year since then.
Read the Hobbit as a kid of 10 or 12 and I don't think I even finished it-- it was too whimsical and twee for me, even then. Saw the LotR movies as an adult, when they came out, and loved them like crazy. I waited 'til I'd seen all the movies, then sat down and read those books, which I liked much better than the Hobbit!
I read LOTR probably around the year 2000 when I was like 11. Then I saw all the movies as they came out in theaters. I never got super into them back then but I've been revisiting the movies lately and everything is way different as a 25 year old vs an 11 year old, haha. I'm honestly considering reading the books again sometime because the first time a lot of it went over my head...
When I was 6 in 2000 my Dad used to read me a Snow White tale. I loved the 7 Dwarves so he swapped it out for The Hobbit and I fell in love with the songs and the adventure. When I was 11 I read The Hobbit on my own for the first time and I think I was 14 when I first read LOTR. Bear in mind the movies were already out by the time I was like 7 so I had seen my older brother watching them on and off and was amazed by the battle scenes. Ever since I was 15 I've read them every year around Christmas time. So I had pretty much seen the movies before I read the books, but I was first read the book by my father at the age of 6. 

I'm 22 now btw lol
Watched Fellowship when it came out, in 2001. I was..... 12. Loved it as much now as I did then.

Started reading the books as well after that, which I didn't particularly enjoy. Appreciated it more as I got older.
I watched the movies way too many times but didn't read the books. Just this January i started traveling around New Zealand for 3 months and had the trilogy with me. Reading the books the first time while you are actualy camping in Rohan was fantastic. My reading highlight was my read on top of Mount Doom.

Of course I had to visit Hobbiton also, which was amazing.

Edit: I'm 20
I don't know if this is what you're looking for, but r/tolkienfans is doing a readthrough of *The Lord of the Rings* right now, with discussion posts every week. They're currently about a quarter of the way through *The Two Towers* I believe, but all the old discussion threads should be archived. It might be worth skimming over some of them to find some talking points.
Every year! Need to re-read the books too, soon.
I read *The Silmarillion*, *The Hobbit*, and *The Lord of the Rings* every single year. 

The movies I try to get around to once in a year, but it's not as big of a priority for me as the books. Usually I try to host a super-marathon at my house during the Christmas break. A bunch of friends come over and we watch all 6 extended editions back-to-back-to-back. Some years it falls through though.

So I don't know. Usually about once a year, but it varies.
I prefer the theatrical edition.....
I'm pretty sporadic. I've gone a couple years without seeing them, but recently watched them about 2.5 times in about as many months (the last one was part of a group, unplanned). I read the novels less frequently, I think they lose their flair more quickly if over-read
About once a year
Every year on the three days before Christmas.  
I don't know exactly why (or I kinda do) but they give me Christmassy hope vibes. :)
Usually once during the summer and once at Christmastime, but I missed my summer marathon this year :(
Every year at Christmas, I watch fotr the 23rd of december and the rest when I have time
Usually watch the extended trilogy once per year, and re-read the books every few years.
I watched them literally every single night from the first day FotR released on DVD in 2002 until I shipped off to bootcamp in 2006. I would start up the movie and watch until I fell asleep, the next day I'd start it up from the last point I remember from the night before and continue on until I finished all 3 movies then I'd start over again. Once the extended cut of any of them came out I'd toss out the theatrical cut and started watching extended cuts (let's just say I can literally recite the entire script of all 3 movies with the sound muted). Once I finished bootcamp and finally got to start watching movies again I watch them about once every 3 to 6 months or so since 2007. I still haven't gotten bored of them or enjoy them any less than I ever have. I also reread the books every year. Currently reading the Hobbit right now (on the chapter of the Spider battle "Flies and Spiders" I believe?) then I'll move on the LotR. 
Last time I saw them was about 10 years ago.
I used to watch a lot. When the Hobbit films came out, I took a break for like four years. Now I try not to get too frequent.
Twice a year at least. More if I get into the mood to rewatch.
about every 3 months, working on the books too!

I watch each trilogy, The Hobbit and LotR, usually on a monthly basis. 

My "cycle" is as follows: watch The Hobbit trilogy > small 1-2 week break > watch the LotR trilogy > long 3-4 week break > repeat

I can really relate. The films have such a profound level of emotional and visual appeal. You brought up "risking draining your love for the films", and from my own experience I can say that maintaining a strong vigor for these films (and Middle-earth in general) is like maintaining a fire (perhaps a Secret Fire?). 

Put too much material in, and you bury the flame; put too little, and the flame dies. It's all about maintaining a healthy cycle of watching, as borderline ritualistic as this sounds, and this has made all the difference for me. Cheers!
Haven't seen them in many years, other than short clips. Not gonna see them in many more years either.
Both *The Hobbit* and *The Lord of the Rings* are supposed to be Tolkien's translations of Bilbo's and Frodo/Sam's writings in the Red Book of Westmarch.

So I think most people just read narration that seems to come from "The Big Folk" as asides by Tolkien added during the translation.

But the true answer is that when *The Hobbit* was originally written, it was not intended to be a part of Tolkien's Mythological construct, so it didn't need to be written as a "text that was later discovered". This is why *The Hobbit* seems so thematically different from the *The Lord of the Rings* and *The Silmarillion*, as well as why it is, at times, inconsistent with the lore of those other works.
Bilbo is both the author, so the narrator's voice, and also a character in his own story. JRR Tolkien was merely the 'translator', so it is a book written by a Hobbit but translated by humans. In LotR there is talk of 'Bilbo's book' which is probably The Hobbit, or an early draft of it.

There are also a few events where Bilbo isn't present. That is something that we see often in LotR as well, that the POV character isn't around and only hears of event after the fact. There is a very interesting talk by professor Michael Drout on youtube called 'How to read Tolkien', which is interesting to watch after you finish LotR. 
It's absolutely narrated by Tolkien.  However, in *The Lord of the Rings* Tolkien invented the fiction that *The Hobbit* was written by Bilbo himself, and merely "translated" by Tolkien.  That fiction did not exist when *The Hobbit* was written, though, and there are many asides from the narrator in *The Hobbit* that reveal the narrator to be Tolkien himself.  

This starts in the fourth paragraph of Chapter One: 

>The mother of our particular hobbit—what is a hobbit? I suppose hobbits need some description nowadays, since they have become rare and shy of the Big People, as they call us.

"Us" clearly refers to the human readers and the human narrator, a contemporary of the readers.

That being said, although Bilbo did not narrate *The Hobbit*, for the most part it is told from his point of view.  The asides by the modern narrator are just that, asides.  We experience the actual story through Bilbo's eyes and ears, even though it is not a first person account.  And at the end of the tale, we do learn that he is writing his memoirs, which leads into the fiction created in *The Lord of the Rings*.
As a book, this is tricksy. The conceit, particularly in LOTR, is that Bilbo and then Frodo wrote them originally and they were embellished by later hobbits over time into the Red Book of Westmarch. Tolkien then came along and "translated" it to English for us. The Hobbit is much more a contemporary author's loose retelling based on Bilbo's memoir. Tolkien does away eith a lot more of his own modern "authorial" voice in the sequel, though a few touches remain early on (such as the comparison to an express train).

Short answer, the book is written by Bilbo, then "read and retold" by Tolkien in a storyteller voice.
read it and you shall find out for yourself. 
Films or books? Kind of important!
Amazon sells a Kindle version (https://www.amazon.com/Lord-Rings-One-J-R-R-Tolkien-ebook/dp/B007978OY6?tag=hz0d-20#nav-subnav) and Apple (https://itunes.apple.com/us/book/the-lord-of-the-rings/id503019669?mt=110) has one as well.

I'd guess iTunes or Amazon may be good places to check. Or maybe Vudu.
iTunes has both theatrical and extended editions of LOTR and Hobbit trilogies. 
Youtube has movies to rent.
Other people have pretty well covered the official online retailers, but I wanted to point out a Danish connection in that Queen Margrethe II is also a *LotR* fan and did some illustrations back in the '70s (under the name Ingahild Grathmer). Tolkien liked her work.
[deleted]
Legolas is just like "Guys, come on"
The artist's gallery: http://donatoarts.deviantart.com/gallery/
[Fighting for their lives.](https://www.reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/3gasdo/question_other_than_gimli_the_dwarves_are_pretty/ctwelnm)
In the Lonely Mountain and in the city of Dale.
Absolutely there are. Truthfully, what is generally thought of as "traditional" fantasy owes as much to D&D as to Tolkien. Tolkien had Legolas as an archer and Gimli with an axe; D&D said *all* Elves are archers, and *all* Dwarves wield axes.

There were plenty of fantasy stories that predate Tolkien: the Arthur legend, Lord Dunsany, HP Lovecraft, Hope Mirrlees, Jack Vance, and you can find plenty of fantasy written in our traditions besides Tolkien. The perception of fantasy as being a bunch of Tolkien clones really is to be blamed on Ballentine Books and *The Sword of Shannara* (and I don't really blame Terry Brooks for any of this).

Basically, LotR had been the only fantasy book to achieve wide success among adult audiences. Ballentine wanted to see if there was a market for fantasy books in general, or if Tolkien's success had been a fluke. So they had Brooks write a book as close to Tolkien possible, and *The Sword of Shannara* was a huge success. An era of Tolkien knock-offs was born.

(As an aside, Brooke's "Tolkien clone" reputation is unfair. *Sword* might be an LotR clone, but that was explicitly what the publisher wanted, and his early drafts were very different - pretty much everybody died, for one. His subsequent books don't borrow all that much from Tolkien, and *Elfstones of Shannara* is a genuinely good book by any standard.)

So things proceeded for awhile, with fantasy dominated by small groups of noble heroes undertaking dangerous quests to defeat great evils. There was original stuff being written in this era, like the extremely anti-Tolkien *Chronicles of Thomas Covenant the Unbeliever*, but they weren't all that successful.

The shift away from Tolkien really began in the early 90s, when Robert Jordan began writing *The Wheel of Time*. The first book, *The Eye of the World*, was carefully and deliberately modeled after LotR, precisely because Jordan knew he was going to be taking his readers somewhere new, and he wanted them to start out on familiar footing.

*The Wheel of Time* was a break from Tolkien in many ways. Jordan deliberately wrote against a number of well-established tropes. The "Chosen One" was a figure to be feared and dreaded rather than being one that is longed for; the "Gandalf" figure was greeted with suspicion and mistrust when she shows up and tells the protagonist that the world is in danger, and it's up to him; it's not about "good" and "evil" so much as a bunch of people neither good nor evil, but with their own agendas. Plus Jordan was the first to have widespread success with "worldbuilding" in the modern understanding of the term. Tolkien built a deep *mythology* and a world with a huge amount of history, but it's not really a living, functioning world. My go-to example of this is that it's rather difficult to picture the Noldo in Tirion-upon-Túna who has the job up scrubbing the toilets. The worldbuilding that Robert Jordan pioneered, and guys like George RR Martin and Terry Pratchett and Brandon Sanderson do, is different. They try to make an entire living, functioning world. George RR Martin has famously asked what Aragorn's tax policy was; these guys and those like them have answers to questions like that. Tolkien did not.

Jordan also introduced a scale and scope that dwarfed anything Tolkien did, and has spawned a great deal of influence of its own. *The Wheel of Time* spans 15 books and has a cast of literally THOUSANDS, with dozens of characters that could be considered major ones. There's no real "protagonist" so much as an ensemble, with probably a dozen "protagonists" of roughly equal footing. And it's not quest-driven so much as goal driven, with lots (and lots and lots) of diversions along the way.

So Jordan started the era of the many-volumed fantasy epic, which is still ongoing to a degree. George RR Martin's *A Song of Ice and Fire*, Terry Goodkind's *Sword of Truth*, Steven Erikson's *Malazan Book of the Fallen* are some standout examples of this kind of work.

While all this was going on, you had people writing books calling back to some older traditions, drawing more from fairy stories than the epic poetry that influenced Tolkien so much. Neil Gaiman is head and shoulders above everyone in this, and it is thanks solely to his glowing recommendation on the cover that I read Hope Mirrlees' "unjustifiably forgotten," and generally-unknown-but-hugely-influential, *Lud-in-the-Mist.* Susanna Clarke's *Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell* is the other standout in this area.

More recently, things have branched out a huge amount, to the point that a series like Michael J. Sullivan's *Riyria Revelations* is considered remarkable for deliberately hearkening back to Tolkien. There is an active movement of writers undercutting the tropes that Tolkien used and were repteaed ad nauseum. Joe Abercrombie is probably the biggest of them; I think of him as the Joker of fantasy writers - some men just want to watch the tropes burn. Hell, the very first book of his *First Law* trilogy begins with Logen Ninefingers reflecting on his cookpot. It's been his faithful companion through the years, he's kept it by his side when other companions have come and gone - sounds rather like Sam, doesn't it? Except he promptly and with no ceremony leaves it behind, rusting away in the rain, because he needs to carry a wounded man with him. You have to be realistic about these things, and it's just a cookpot.

But that's just the tip of a very big iceberg. We're in a Golden Age of fantasy literature right now, with an enormous amount of original and interesting stuff being written. Scott Lynch's *Ocean's 11* inspired books about a pair of thieves and conmen pulling off heist after heist. Jim Buther's books about a Wizard/PI in Chicago. Guy Gavriel Kay's books that are based off of real history, with "a quarter turn towards the fantastic." (Warning: only read GGK's books if you aren't too attached to your heart. He'll rip that thing right out of your chest and shatter it into a thousand pieces.) Robin Hobb looking at all the people GGK has made cry, and saying "I really gotta get in on that!" and making you love characters deeply just so she can do horrible, horrible things to them. Max Gladstone bringing fantasy into the corporate boardroom (I never would have imagined that water usage rights and gentrification would make for such fascinating fantasy books).

I could talk for hours, really. I'll just put a general suggestion to come to /r/Fantasy, where we have a serious author infestation and you'll quickly find your to-be-read list ballooning to monstrous size.
> Are there any examples of contemporary fantasy that don't owe a debt to Middle Earth?

There are plenty of things out there that aren't very much like Tolkien.

> pseudo-medieval fantasy

Here's kind of where the problem shows up.

There are a *lot* of fantasy works out there that try to fit into the same mold as Tolkien's work. Does your fantasy setting have Elves, Dwarves, and Orcs? If so, you're probably going to either be derivative of Tolkien in one way or another or going out of your way to be subverting the cliches built up around such fantasy races. If you aren't specifically trying to invoke Tolkien, *why do you have these other races at all?*

Look at Brandon Sanderson. *Mistborn* and *The Stormlight Archive* both have enemy "races", but neither are very Orcish. They also both have varied enough settings to get around that "pseudo-medieval Europe" feeling and magic systems with an actual *system* behind them that the audience is privy to.

Steven Brust's books set on Dragaera have both a long-lived, "Better than you", magically active race and a stand-offish short race of master craftsmen, but they fall far enough afield of what you would normally consider for "elf" or "dwarf" as to not really feel like Tolkien - they also have different enough setting (mostly urban for the main series, at least at first), metaphysics, and delivery ("first-person smartass" being coined to describe his main series and the other series intentionally mimicking Alexandre Dumas) as to provide distance.

Patrick Rothfuss' *Kingkiller Chronicle* has "elves" in the kind of otherworldly "fairy" type rather than Tolkien's Humans++, but otherwise seems to be sticking to just humans. "Oh, we need a society of mercenaries for our protagonist to live with for a while so he can learn their fancy fighting style." but instead of them being a different "race" as D&D would have it, they're just a foreign *culture*.
Go look at stuff that was influenced by HP Lovecraft, Edgar Rice Burroughs and others in the pulp genre .  Go look at TH White.  Go look at C.S. Lewis.  Go look at Tolkien's influences like William Morris, Lord Dunsany, George MacDonald and H. Rider Haggard.
Tolkien (and Lewis, and Carol) pretty much paved the way for modern fantasy. So in a sense all contemporary fantasy authors owe a debt to them.  There were a lot a authors immediately after them trying to model what they did, and so there are a lot of derivative works which frankly aren't very good. But there are now a lot of authors doing "their own thing", and while almost all are no doubt influenced by Tolkien, many are different enough that I'd say you can escape Tolkien.  Check out /r/Fantasy for recommendations (I believe they have a weekly recommendation thread).  

But some good places to start are probably, Scott Lynch, Patrick Rothfuss, Mark Lawrence, Brandon Sanderson (and of course the more pop culture famous GRR Martin and Neil Gaiman).  There also  Steven Erikson and his *Mazlan* series, though that (somewhat like Martin) is quite long.
Tolkien has saturated fantasy only if one's exposure to the genre is knee deep and through popular culture.

Any active D&D player should at least take a look at [Appendix N](http://www.digital-eel.com/blog/ADnD_reading_list.htm) and see what inspired early D&D. Some of the stuff there predates Tolkien and he is only one influence.
I am assuming it's supposed to be:

Joseph James  
2/11/2016

Oddities: the character being used here for the "j" sound is typically used in the English modes for the "zh" sound (like at the beginning of "genre" or the "s" in "measure"). The letter should have the long stem pointing down instead of up to get the same sound that Tolkien used for the "J" in his own first name, "John", on the title page of *LotR*. 

Also, and this is just to point it out, the last letter in the first word is the "f" sound, even though the name would normally use "ph" in English-derived versions of it - this is generally regarded as the correct usage anyway due to the nonsensical nature of a lot of English orthography. 

Finally, the numbers match how *we* would write it, but there is an issue that Elves' would have the most significant numeral on the right (so 2016 would be written as 6102) but they *also* often use a base-12 number system, so if he wanted to represent the base-10 number 2016 "properly" it should have been written as 0021. This would only matter to super-nerds like me, though, and the way he's got it arranged is definitely easier to explain to people.
Tfw a preteen girl can grow a better beard than you 
Very cool!
You win so hard!
Thanks for the feedback everyone. We really appreciate it!
Can confirm. Saw them there. The dad paddled his boat going up and down escalators. It was fantastic
That is amazing. Truly spectacular. :)
What a cool idea!!
I wanna see a Mt Doom cosplay now. 
That is fucking awesome.
You're an awesome dad! 
And if they ever try to act too kool in front of their boyfriends. You can always pull this out and bring em back to middle earth.  
So Dorky, but SO GOOD!
Ha!  So good.  Awesome work.  You guys look like you are all loving it.
Outstanding effort!
One of my very favorite things about Muddle Earth! What a cool idea you guys had, and awesome execution!

Edut: I meant Middle Earth. *Middle* Earth.
This needs more upvotes
Best lotr cosplay ever. 
This is the coolest thing I've ever seen.
How fun!
Feanor looks like a crazy scientist :)
>Artist: **Alexey Rudikov** from **Russia**

>You can find more on him [here](http://alexeyrudikov.deviantart.com)

>Software used: *Photoshop*
Children, if you'll observe, you'll note Feanor fucking everything up for everyone forever.
"You're not a child-bearer! You don't understand the burden!"
So that's what happens when you "share the load"
*"I can't carry it for you, but I can carry you!"
You've never tried to carry a pregnant woman have you? :) 
The first time I ever felt bad about being gay was just now realizing I'll never get to do this with my partner.
Relationship goals. Haha! ^^^Except ^^^I ^^^never ^^^want ^^^to ^^^be ^^^pregnant.
This made me happy :)
[removed]
here are some of my favorites sources are the cast commentaries and behind the scenes stuff from the extended editions.

Vigo mortensen getting stopped by police on the street in wellington after a stunt rehersal . He was aparently going over his sword choreography on the way to his car(vigo carried his sword everywhere he went during filming.)

Sean bean is afraid of Flying, he hiked  to The amon sul set in full costume.

The hobbit actors shared a makeup  trailer with sir ian mckellen, they played heavy metal Music during 3 am make up calls. Sir Ian was not amused.

John rhys davies is missing part of a finger due to a accident on a farm as a teenager, he had weta make a protesthic filled with fake blood and then pranked peter jacskson into thinking he had accident on set.

In between takes the elves and orcs when they shot helms deep the elves and orcs would taunt each other via maori hakkas.

Mortensen bought the horse that played brego and also bought the horse that played Asfalof(arwens.horse) he gave the horse that played asflalof To liv tylers riding double.

Sean astin liked to play chess against his scale Double during breaks in filming, the double would be wearing facial prosethics.to look like astin so it looked like he was playing a mini version of himself.

Never go Canoeing with orlando Bloom and john rhys davies, you end up in the water.

Christoper Lee Worked for british intelligence during world war 2 and corrected jackson on what type of sound a man stabbed in the back would a Make.
When Billy Boyd (Pippin) and Dominic Monaghan (Merry) are caught on camera comparing their preciouses.
Billy Boyd and Dominic Monaghan making up that tag game. Cast commentaries in general.
Not really BTS, but I like any of the making of videos. Especially showing the forced perspective work they did
The fake game of tig,
the pretend fight dom and billy have when they are learning to row,
the story of viggo catching a fish and one of the scale actors, kieran yelling at him and ordering him about in the kitchen while they make food,
the story of how dom gets a splinter in his foot,
there was a fake take of theoden talking to aragorn and bernard goes away from the script and just says whatever for like 5 minutes while viggo is confused as hell.

There are just so many lol
Define BTS
This is a tough one because there are sooooo many awesome places I would like to see in real life. I think Osgiliath is up there for me, Rivendell would be as well. I am also fascinated by what Moria and Erebor would look like too. 
Does Khazad-Dum count? Being dwarf-made and all.  If it counts, then Khazad-Dum.

Or maybe Minas Tirith.

Or Rivendell.

Or The Shire would be nice.

Oh hell, just all of it.
Caras Galadhon built up in the tall redwoods  of Northern California would be awesome!! Or Rivendell along an Northern East coast river tucked in the nature of it all. I like trees. 
Gondor.
Besides many of those already mentioned, I would love to see the Argonath. 
A hobbit hole.
Without a doubt Minas Tirith. 
The film version of Rivendell. I'd work as a janitor if I could live there
Rivendell.
Gondolin or Nargothrond 
Hobbiton or Minas Tirith.
So I'm curious, did you read the Hobbit word for word, or did you skip over any parts? I tried reading it to my daughter, and I think she got hung up too much on the long descriptions. 
Hey Ho to the bottle I go  
To heal my heart and drown my woe  
Rain may fall and wind may blow but there'll still be  
Many miles to go

Sweet is the sound of the pouring rain,  
And the stream that falls from hill to plain.  
Better than rain or rippling brook,  
Is a mug of beer inside this Took.  

O! Water cold we may pour at need  
down a thirsty throat and be glad indeed;  
but better is Beer if drink we lack,  
to lift all burdens off our backs  

Then under a tall tree I will lie,  
And let the clouds go sailing by.  
I'll dream of trees and hills and grass  
And golden ale in mugs of glass  

Hey Ho to the bottle I go  
To heal my heart and drown my woe  
Rain may fall and wind may blow but there'll still be  
Many miles to go  
Peter Hollens and Hank Green have a good medley
You should go look for the Middle Earth Album from Glass Hammer.  I'll just Copy and Paste a link to one of them here.


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68PpGErAakc

I like it. Only thing, that high clap? I'd use something with a deeper resonance. A doom, doom instead of a clap. Drums in the deep.
Briefly thought it could've been my wifi- I'm in SK but my wifi is Khazad-dûm
Mine is "Minas Tirith Wifi."
Run you fools, and you shall not pass
You cannot buy the text in pdf format, and links to illegal copies are not permitted here. 

To accomplish what you want, you'd have to find a custom bookbinder who can take an existing volume and bind it the way you want. You could then include specific images, but these would have to be printed at the correct size first.

Basically, it can be done but it's likely to be pretty expensive. 
"I testify to everyone who hears the prophetic words of this book: If anyone adds to them, God will add to him the plagues that are written in this book." Revelation 22:18. On your own head be it..... lol

PUT A RING ON IT! *pun intended 
"girlfriend" 

Jks that's pretty cute 
Glad that you liked the Hobbit book! Now you need to carve out some time to read the LOTR trilogy. I read the books before the movies came out, and when Gandalf bids farewell to the Hobbits at the Grey Havens is probably the only time I've ever cried while reading a book. It's just so wonderfully written.

As for your questions, I just always accepted that the Tooks were more adventurous hobbits, thus making them "odd" to their brethren.

Smaug was the last "great" dragon of his age, but that's not to say there weren't lesser dragons milling about in the Northern Wastes by the time of his death. I don't recall hearing of any dragons popping up during the War of the Ring.

And last but not least, if you're interested in seeing a version of the Hobbit much closer to the book...http://www.maple-films.com/the-hobbit-fan-edit
That rumour about fairies is probably just a rumour. The Hobbit is supposedly written by Bilbo himself, and he may have embellished his story a bit. In LotR they talk about 'Bilbo's book' which is likely an early draft of The Hobbit (the conceit is that JRR Tolkien was just the 'translator' of historical texts).

Now there is a partial explanation of why the Tooks are more adventurous. Originally there were three 'clans' of hobbits, the Harfoots, the Fallohides, and the Stoors. They have since merged but the important families and leaders are largely of Fallohide descent, and they are the more adventurous and bold hobbits. The Fallohides were also known for having contact with the Elves, and that goes for Bilbo and Frodo as well. 

It isn't apparent from the movies, but Frodo Baggins, Pippin Took and Merry Brandybuck are all from the most posh families in the Shire, and they are closely related. I think all three are descended from the Old Took. Even though Bilbo and Frodo are very egalitarian by Shire standards, they are still more or less aristocracy, while Sam is a commoner. Sam is also the only one with a real job, being a gardener.

Btw, remember how the Dwarves were introduced to Bilbo by Gandalf, one by one. It will come up later (and they completely missed this in the movies).
Concerning the dragons, Smaug was only "the greatest of the dragons of his days" there are other lesser ones. And if I interpreted Gandalfs riddles right, he wanted the dwarfs back in the Lonely Mountain, so that they shield of Saurons attacks from the north in the war of the ring. "Think of what might have been. Dragon-fire and savage swords in Eriador, night in Rivendell." He was talking about the victory in Dale. So there still were dragons in Middle-Earth in the north during the war of the ring, which could have been dangerous if in alliance with Sauron. 
Please correct me if I got that wrong. 
All was quoted form appendix a durin's folk.
...I can't actually come up with any reasons why Gandalf and Dumbledore would be fighting.

Both seem like the "sit down and talk it out" type to me.  I think they'd get along wonderfully.
I'm not sure, but Gandalf as headmaster of Hogwarts would be great.

"YOU SHALL NOT PASS!"
At least Gandalf is still alive.
Are you stronger than your friend? If so, beat him up and say you learned from Gandalf.
The magic is completely different in HP versus LOTR. I think a few things to point out is....

~~Dumbledore can't be corrupted, and Gandalf can. Gandalf can't trust himself with the ring of power. Dumbledore had the three most powerful known wizard items wand/cloak/stone yet he was uncorrupted by it.~~

We never see Gandalf's true power because he is forced to hold back. (He is essentially an angel and 2nd most powerful being in Middle Earth)

In HP, Voldemort is the most powerful evil wizard and is "scared" of Dumbledore. Sauron (not sure if Sauron know's Gandalf is Maia) isn't scared of Gandalf.


I think Gandalf is more powerful, but it is unfair for an argument because we never see his true power. I would say that magic has evolved quite a bit from LOTR to HP. as far as we know Gandalf lacks the knowledge to transport to various places where as Dumbledore can. I think Gandalf is more durable though. So I think Dumbledore's spells are more powerful, but I think Gandalf might win the fight with his durability.
Gandalf as an Maia was probably involved in the construction of Middle  Earth.. And he existed before Ea and will exist after Ea. Dumbledore is human and mortal. Also just in terms of the scale in which the characters operate. Dumbledore's enemy is an authoritarian tyrannical British wizard. Gandalf is matched against the 2nd in command to Evil itself. Gandalf plays Middle Earth like a chess board. Dumbledore is one soldier in the resistance, even if he does use Harry in a way that parallels Gandalf's use of Frodo. The battle for Middle Earth just feels.. Larger. 
Gandalf, one's a God and one's Human
Dumbledore barely managed to keep control of a school and still died in doing so. Gandalf also "died" but came back a far more powerful being. Not only that; he played, arguably, the most significant role in all of middle earth during his time.

'Nuff said.
He is an immortal being with thousands of years of experience. Of course he would beat Dumbledore. 
Gandalf solo-ed a Balrog.

'nuff said.
I know I'll get downvoted to oblivion, but Dumbledore's magic is much more practical in a straight-up fight. Apparition and a crazy variety of spells geared towards immobilizing an enemy. Gandalf may be more "powerful", but his power is more geared towards morale and some occasional fire.

If he were able to utilize his power as a Maia then I doubt Dumbles would be able to do much, but as Gandalf he'd lose
Not knowing the true extent of Gandalf's powers, it's impossible to say. We see him do some amazing things, like fight off multiple Ringwraiths, grow tall, light objects on fire, and defeat a Balrog. And that's while keeping the majority of his full abilities hidden. I would imagine a fully empowered Olorin would be basically unstoppable. 

It would be quite the fight! 
I agree with the other redditors that there is no conceivable reason why Gandalf and Dumbledore would ever fight. If they did fight, I imagine Gandalf would say, "Dumbledore, your wand is broken" and bam! No more wand, no more fight. They would then share some Longbottom Leaf and pints.  
Actually, given his limitations as an Istari, Dumbledore probably would  kill Gandalf the Grey. Gandalf the White on the other hand is a different story...
sorry, but dumbledore would win. did you see him fight tom riddle? the guy is a one man army...
Gandalf is immortal and has eagles, what a silly debate
Oh god, I would watch that.
I wouldn't mind seeing this as an animated series or something like that.
Thank you
inb4 MTV make it and it's as cringey as Shannara.
This is outstanding. In my dreams it becomes a reality.

MAKE. IT. HAPPEN.
This needs to happen
Very impressive.
This is *exactly* how I've always felt about the Silmarillion!!
I've said it before and I'll say it again. I just want to see a Balrog ride a dragon in the Fall of Gondolin. 
Very few shows successfully run for 10 seasons. Seems like it might be a gamble to assume they'd be able to run for 10 years. If it got shut down halfway through it'd be about as painful as Firefly.
Hasn't the Tolkien professor been doing this exact thing in podcast form?
Thanks for the comments guys, you just doubled my regular monthly views in 2 days. 
I don't think that the Silmarillion is really meant to be a TV show or movie... At least in its entirety. Tolkien didn't make "The Silmarillion", it was his son who did the editing and scrapping together of the millions of stories that his father wrote. So instead of having "The Silmarillion: The Movie", I'd love to see each individual story in the Silmarillion take its own movie or show. The Akallabêth, or the fall of Númenor, could easily take up a three hour movie. Or the rise and fall of the city of Gondolin. Tolkien's world was so amazingly expansive and grandiose that he didn't have time in his life to write it all down. So I think there could be a lot of room for some great interpretations of his work and "filling in the holes" of the story of Gondolin or some such. We get story arcs and select key conversations, but there is still tons of room for plot and character development within the existing framework. I think a truly devout Tolkien fan could pull it off, so long as he/she remains true to the source material, instead of selling out and making three shitty movies entirely for the sake of profit and rebooting a popular franchise *cough* The Hobbit *cough*. 
I am not at all ready for a remake of the trilogy. Honestly it is one of those films that neared perfection. These type of films, Godfather, Taxi driver, Citizen Kane, Star wars etc., that have nearly achieved perfection are not worth remaking onto our current model of film. Once the next wave takes over, like true 3D, holochambers and other space agey shit, then these films will get that much deserved second life. Until then a remake is not needed nor worthwhile both financially and critically.
LOTR doesn't need a remake. But the hobbit series does. 
No
A new interpretation of The Hobbit would be nice, as I feel the trilogy adaptation was pretty horrible. Since that is so recent, though, I realize that will be awhile, if ever. 

I'd be open to a new adaptation of LOTR, it's just that it will be difficult to top, or even equal the original. 
Sure why not? Could be terrible, could be great, wouldn't effect how I feel about the previous films or source material, I'd welcome new adaptations of the stories (and I'd certainly take remakes of LOTR over  some made up spin off film loosely inspired by a couple of lines in the appendices,...) if only to see how a different director would interpret the source material, (a LOTR TV series could be interesting), I do like Jackson's LOTR trilogy very much, but he's arguably become as synmous with the story as Tolkien himself in popular culture, if A remake were to happen I'd be more interesting in seeing a different spin on the soource material-animated miniseries, six part LOTR etc.

(Ironically many fans of the novels consider the Hobbit Graphic Novel, and BBC Radio series of LOTR to be the most faithful adaptations)

New films would at the very least lead to more debate about the merits and flaws of the previous six films, and it helps keep the stories in the public eye, as Jackson has already proved the novels are adaptable and still popular with a modern mass audience beyond the existing fans perhaps it would encourage a new filmaker to follow their own path or stick more closely to the source material.

And of course if Tom Bombadil ever makes a screen appearance, Brian Blessed is the man for the job.
I would like to see a series. Maybe 8-10 episodes per book, 45-50 mins each. That may seem long, but more LOTR is fine by me.
Id welcome a more faithful hobbit redux. I'd be even more enthusiastic about a Silmarilion series 
if they can make one more accurate, *not less*, than the ones already out there i say sure.
In the distant future I'd be interested to see it, but it's still too soon.
I just rewatched the trilogy. I think not in the next 10 years, but maybe in the next 20 or 30 there could be a remake. The movies are quite well done, but I have however noticed that they are showing their age, but just slightly.

The CGI is dated by today's standards. The fight scenes are too choppy for today's films. I'm not sure if it's just the extended edition that I have, but the sound of the voices and music are not properly adjusted. The music is way too loud compared to the voices. There's an outdated horror style zoom out perspective shot of the entrance of Shelob's cave. 

The whole theme of the movie doesn't hold up as well today: the theme of a black and white, good vs evil global feud. Today's movies make a better effort to explain the motives and reason of the bad guy. In this way the books actually hold up better than the movie. In the books, the battle is not so black and white, and the books explain how ideas such as fear, speeches, and propaganda motivated the people of the lands to fight for the bad guy.

To me the movies are a masterpiece. They are showing some age. A remake will come someday, and we'll be lucky if it has the reception as the originals.  
Yes! The more LOTR, the better. It would be cool to see other peoples' perspectives on the story.
It would be great. Perhaps an adaptation that goes more like the story actually is.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love it! But still, I prefer "The Breaking of the Fellowship".
I don't think this track is even part of the soundtrack album. 
I hates it
This song is super cute. Too bad it's only in the Fellowship movie for like 10 seconds. 
Fun fact: this is the only song that isn't played live if you see The Fellowship of the Rings in concert.
For the past year or so I've been getting these posters signed by cast and crew members that worked on Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit (Sadly I missed Richard Taylor, Karl Urban and John Rhys Davies)

Thought I'd share these among fellow fans!
(Also apologies for somewhat eh quality photos considering reflections)
I just realized how prominent Arwen is in these posters. Funny considering her screen time. 
It always annoyed me that the fellowship poster shows Aragorn in his Helms Deep gear.
What do you do for a living and how can we be friends 
Hey keep in mind that the Lord of the Rings movies are a lot slower (more story and dialogue) but gave better action in my opinion. If you really liked the hobbit movies then you will adore lots of the rings.
While I'm really glad you enjoyed them, I have a difference of opinion. Personally, I think the third *Hobbit* movie is a massive pile of flaming dog shit that is probably too disgusting to even fit in at the local dump. Thankfully, *The Lord of the Rings* is better in every single aspect. Casting, Scripting, Storyboarding, Cinematography, Score... everything. If you liked *The Hobbit*, you should **love** *The Lord of the Rings.*

Also, if you are liking the series, I would highly recommend reading the books. Peter Jackson's *Lord of the Rings* is an incredible cinematic experience, but they are pale shadows compared to their original source material.

Welcome to the wonderful world of Arda!!
The Hobbit trilogy has 2/3 of fictional Jackson material.

The Hobbit is actually a child book thinner than a single LoTR book.
You're going to love the Lord of the Rings movies, they're better in every way than the Hobbit movies.  And you're going to hear a lot of people hating on the Hobbit movies, but don't worry.  If you like them, you like them and be happy.  We just hate them because we all read the book and imagined the perfect movie in our heads, and those movies weren't it.
Please let us know what you think of LOTR when you've seen it. I'm curious what your perspective on it would be seeing it after the Hobbit, in chronological order, instead of before, in filmmaking order.
Oh wow.  Are you in for a treat.  I'm sort of glad you watched *The Hobbit* first.  That's sets the bar *really* low for *LoTR*.  Those movies are much *much* better.
I'm genuinely interested in your thoughts on the LOTR trilogy. How do you like them? How do they compare to The Hobbit? Are you glad you saw The Hobbit first?
Christopher did add a TON of J.R.R. Tolkiens writings on the universe after John's death. Most people however, think that Tolkiens mythology is timeless, and having other Authors (besides Christopher obviously) add to it would desecrate his legacy.

Personally, I would cry if Lord of the Rings got transformed into some sort of Star Wars style extended universe. No, a large part of the magic of Middle Earth is that we *don't* know everything. It should stay that way.
The Tolkien Estate has not, and will not sanction a sequel novel, JRR Tolkien appointed his oldest son Christopher as literary executor, and gave him complete freedom in his will to:

>publish edit alter rewrite or complete any work of mine
which may be unpublished at my death or to destroy the whole
or any part or parts of any such unpublished works as he
in his absolute discretion may think fit and subject thereto

whilst Christopher and others have edited numerous volumes of extensive previously unpublished material, stories and alternate drafts, since the publication of The Silmarillion in 1977 the Tolkien estate has taken a strictly editorial position with 'new' Tolkien books, i.e with the exception of editors comments and analysis, virtually all of the posthumously published material was written by JRR Tolkien himself, no new stories will be forthcoming as the Estate just isn't interested in cashing in in that way.

Tolkien did briefly consider a sequel story to LOTR, but abandoned it of only a few pages:

http://tolkiengateway.net/wiki/The_New_Shadow
There's always fan fiction: https://www.fanfiction.net/book/Lord-of-the-Rings/
No and hopefully never will. In his own lifetime Tolkien received letters with people asking some kind of official permission to write sequels or their own stories. Tolkien's answer was clear.

Some folk tend to quote one single passage from Tolkien's letters to justify expanding. It is a passage where Tolkien writes that he "once had a dream" about creating a mythology for England, to which others might add music, art etc. But the stress is on "once had", and he then considers the idea "absurd". As far as I know that quote also dealt with Book of Lost Tales, which is not exactly part of later Middle-earth (as far as I can tell).

Also what you suggest would turn the Middle-earth into an overcrowded, plastic, superficial universe. It would become some sort of stage for feelings and ideas of each new writer. It would seize to be a product of JRR Tolkien and his ideas and dreams, hopes and fears. One word: ewwww...
What is the third one?

I can't figure it out.
Not for $75 rofl 
[heres more](https://www.etsy.com/search?q=lord%20of%20the%20rings%20poster)
Those are smudges
These were like $30 on the reddit gifts for secret Santa... 
lost me at printed.  Id rather have ink on parchment and pay the price.
>he has a temper

*"Swift in anger, Quick to laugh"*

>condescending, talks down to people

To be fair, it's pretty well justified. He is ***by far*** the oldest, wisest, and just all-around smartest member of the party. I mean like... not by a little bit. There's a pretty incomprehensible gap in the level of knowledge between a Maia, and some fairly young and common Dwarves or Hobbits. With the exception of maybe Saruman and Sauron, you would be hard pressed to find anyone in Middle-Earth with Gandalf's knowledge base. And there are *none* with his Wisdom.

>likes to confuse people by talking in riddles or half truths

Riddles, yes. I don't really see many situations in which he speaks in "half truths".


>and seems to be very manipulative.

If you mean that he guides the actions of many in middle-earth, both the Great and the Small, then yes absolutely. That's his entire purpose for being. To inspire those around him to action at need.

You seem to be using the word in a negative manner though, so I'd be interested to hear what you mean.


He's just grumpy
He's a grumpy grandpa. Loves you, is wise, and is always looking out for your best interests, but he'll talk some shit if it comes to it.

One of my favorite bits is early on in Fellowship of the Ring, I think it's the *Shadow of the Past* chapter. Frodo is like *"Why was I chosen for this task?"* and Gandalf responds with something like "*Rest assured it was not due to great strength or wisdom that you were chosen.*"

Damn Gandalf! Ice cold.
*"Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for they are subtle and quick to anger.”*

yeah, he's kind of a dick. lol
Not negative, I just find it rather amusing that's all. My first viewings of the original lotr years ago I never really noticed some of these traits. Sir Ian Mckellens portrayal always seemed so kind. The books definitely add more to the character.

Also I think personally i prefer the movie adaptation of the hobbit a bit more than the books. The movie has a real sense of conflict and character development while the book seems more of a whimsical fantasy journey.
My favorite is in the first chapter of *The Hobbit*, when Bilbo drops something during the feast and Gandalf says something like, "Hush, let Thorin speak!"

It's totally possible that the hush isn't in reaction to Bilbo dropping the plates (or whatever it is he drops) but I like to prefer it is, lol.
Gandalf to Frodo in *The Shadow of the Past*:

> Oh yes, he came out. His longing for the Ring proved stronger than his fear of orcs, or even of the light. After a year or two he left the mountains. You see, though still bound by desire of it, the Ring was no longer devouring him; he began to revive a little. He felt old, terribly old, yet less timid, and he was mortally hungry.

Biblo
"Biblo" might be the funniest thing I've seen all week.

It's been a slow week :(
I don't see why not.

I think trolls would probably last a little bit longer, and it would take more boiling oil/water to kill one...but I can't think of anything that would make them immune to being burned.
thanks I was just wondering :)
starting at 0:39 and looping into glamdring the entire time
i believe it's The Bridge of Khazad-Dûm
Swift justice is so OP
J.R.R Tolkien died in 1973. Reverse that and it's 3791. 3 rings for the elven-kings under the sky. 7 rings for the dwarves-lords in their halls of stone. 9 for mortal men, doomed to die. 1 for the dark lord on his dark throne
Frodo!
Did anyone really think the most influential fantasy writer of all time would somehow, someday be forgotten?
This is from a letter he wrote about his wife after her death.

>"I never called Edith Luthien – but she was the source of the story that in time became the chief part of the Silmarillion. It was first conceived in a small woodland glade filled with hemlocks at Roos in Yorkshire (where I was for a brief time in command of an outpost of the Humber Garrison in 1917, and she was able to live with me for a while). In those days her hair was raven, her skin clear, her eyes brighter than you have seen them, and she could sing – and dance. But the story has gone crooked, & I am left, and I cannot plead before the inexorable Mandos."

And neither can we.
As for myself I look forward to the day when we will be reunited in the West and together the Children of Ilúvatar will sing the Second Music of the Ainur and behold the works of Eru where all things will be made anew.
Secret. He never died, he got on the boat....
middle earth has no father, just a discoverer
I love any picture of Tolkien smoking his pipe,  he just looks like a really cool person.
Weird. I saw that exact picture on a pipe smoking website yesterday. Had no idea today was the anniversary of his death.
[He is missed](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4qJ-3HMKsg)
Tolkien died in 1973. Backwards that's 3791. 

"Three rings for the Elven-Kings under the sky,

Seven for the Dwarf-lords in their halls of stone,

Nine for mortal men doomed to die,

One for the dark lord on his dark throne"

Just thought it was a cool coincidence.
[deleted]
A sad anniversary.  I always like to remember this post where a guy explains how personal the Tale of Beren and Lúthien was to Tolkien.  It's about the 4th comment [down the thread...](https://www.reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/22dxvp/the_children_of_h%C3%BArin_movie/cglwbr2)
I love how happy he looks in this picture. He is a very kind hobbit. I think a Stoor to be honest
Not all those who wander are lost 
I thought this was a cool picture for a jigsaw puzzle so I made it one!

[Link](http://www.jigsawplanet.com/?rc=play&pid=23f0d6d148ee). Come play at /r/redditdoespuzzles if you want.
Not just Middle earth. That's just one era. ;)
43 years to the day since he was reunited with his Luthien. Rest in peace.
wth OP, do you have this date on your google calendar or something?
Huh, I was reading the silmarillion today at the oxford exchange; It felt strangely appropriate for more than one reason, now I know why.
An absolute legend. This man's incredible works continue to inspire me year after year.
I was in Toronto, at my first science fiction world con when someone came in with the news. It was a shock, but a comfort to be with other Tolkien fans.

At the time I felt we had lost not only The Professor, but all the writing we would never see. I thought we would never see the Silmarillion, never know about the first age or Numenor. So, in spite of the magnitude of the loss, I am awed to look back and see all the stories we did still receive.
Unpopular fact: Eru Iluvatar is actually J.R.R Tolkien

EDIT: Welp, sorry, guys, I was just trying to make some poeple smile, but yet again thanks for correcting me.
[deleted]
Weird. I saw that exact picture on a pipe smoking website yesterday. Had no idea today was the anniversary of his death.
https://www.amazon.co.uk/EVENSTAR-Necklace-Crystal-Pendant-Replica/dp/7775785527/ref=pd_sim_21_2?ie=UTF8&psc=1&refRID=BKCDQ7077HJDK2PSYPJ7
[The Hobbit First Edition Facsimile](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Hobbit-Facsimile-First-J-Tolkien/dp/0007440839/) if it comes out in time.
It depends on her interests but there's thousands of LOTR themed merch. 

Maybe one of those middle earth map blankets? Or if she likes to drink/drink coffee, LOTR glasses? I've seen a bunch of nice alternative poster prints for LOTR framed (they make good sets because there's three). If she has any interest in video games, there's plenty of them. 
I think you'd have the best luck if you try and think of a different gift you could get her (Blanket if she's always cold, mugs if she drinks coffee, car visor if her car gets hot, etc), then find a LOTR themed version. This shows you're being thoughtful by getting her something she needs as well as being LOTR related. 

(also there's more books than the Hobbit and LOTR, so see if she has all of those. There's a couple that aren't related to Middle earth, so I think a nice gift could be one of those books, a mug, some coffee or wine, and a blanket. You could put it all together and say it's a relaxation present with her favorite stuff. All that shouldn't run you more than $50)
tickets to an event like this? 

http://lordoftheringsinconcert.com/

they show the movies, but with a huge live orchestra. its like this

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7ciJMI0AKw

or this bit

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=joeHUj3hLeE
My wife bought me a map of Middle Earth printed on canvas for my birthday a couple years ago. It's only about a foot wide but I love it.
Take a look on the Noble Collection website (they do a US and a UK website). They do official merchandise for The Hobbit and LOTR. 

If she already has the Evenstar Pendant perhaps something like this would be cute (I've been trying to hint to my boyfriend to buy it me for 2 years now!) 
[https://www.noblecollection.co.uk/product/10545/arwen-evenstar-display#](https://www.noblecollection.co.uk/product/10545/arwen-evenstar-display#) 

Or you know, there's plenty sword and dragon related items if elven things aren't particularly her thing. 
But yeah check out the website there's a good variety! 
Aragorn rode with Theoden's father, Thengel.  

for context - 

Denethor and Aragorn are the same age 

Boromir and Theodred  are 41 (Frodo is older than they are at 50)

Faramir and Merry are 36

Eomer is 30 and Eowyn is 25.
In the movie they said that Aragon is older than theoden and that he used to fight beside his father and he's 87 years old
Yes, the Men of Númenór were much longer-lived than Middle Men or Gondorians.

From Tolkiengateway.net:

*While most Númenóreans lived around 350 years, royal kindred live 400 years. This longer lifespan resulted in an older age of adulthood: 25 years.[15]*
Yes he is. Aragorn is a Dúnadan of the king's house. He died when he was 210. He actually outlived a great many of his predecessors by about 50 years. The Dúnedain in the Third Age, at least during this period, generally live about 100-120 years tops. They are also full of vitality during most or all of their lives. Thus, a man from Rohan at 70 who is breaking down, with creaky joints, is unlike a Dúnadan who's just as fit as he was at 20. Denethor is a year older than Aragorn but he is said to have aged prematurely. This was due to his use of the Palantír and perhaps also due to his struggles with Sauron while using the Palantír. After Aragorn makes use of it, albiet for the first time, he grows weak.

> as if in one night many years had fallen on his head. Grim was his face, grey-hued and weary. (The Passing of the Grey Company)
We are apparently are all forgetting that Aragon is the heir of Numenor, and therefore has a longer life than the rest of the mortals in Middle Earth (although the line has been spread thin in the waning years). 
All of the Tolkien Middle-Earth books are: 

The Hobbit

Lord of the Rings Trilogy; The Fellowship of the Ring, The Two Towers, the Return of the King

The Silmarillion‎ 

Unfinished Tales

The History of Middle-earth‎

The Children of Húrin‎
u/ebneter has a wonderful post with everything you could possibly wish to know in it.

https://www.reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/151jct/recommended_reading_for_tolkien_fans/


One thing that I personally would add though, is that you really *really* should read *The Silmarillion* more than once. And preferably more than once before attempting to read HoME or Unfinished tales. Everything will make far more sense if you've read it *The Silmarillion* twice or more.
The Road Goes Ever On was a music book. I forget who but a musician got JRR Tolkien's approval to put the songs in LOTR down to music. I don't think it's in print. My mom scoured the Internet and got me a copy a from a on online book reseller shop. One of my prize possessions partially because of how rare it is, how hard my mom searched for it and it being of the last presents my mom got me before that evil bastard named Glioblastoma Multiform (terminal brain tumor) decided to come out and play.

Now I just need to find someone that can read sheet music and play the songs.
People have given good answers in this thread, but I want to add one thing: the book The Children of Húrin is the 'novelisation' of the Silmarillion chapter *Of Túrin Turambar*. So that chapter contains massive spoilers for The Children of Húrin. What you could do is read the Silmarillion and stop right before that chapter, then read the novel, and then finish the rest of the Silmarillion.

The Silmarillion also contains spoilers for LotR, but you have already read that. You might want to check out the Appendices of LotR if you haven't already before starting The Silmarillion.

And as others have said, you might not get everything on a first read of The Silmarillion. It is more of a history book and it is not that long, but extremely information-dense. The main events of LotR cover just a few years, while the main events of the Sil cover centuries, and the whole thing covers millennia.
Look up Christopher Tolkien. He compiled and published much of his father's notes in book form. 
But Tolkien didn't mind symbolism in the slightest. He thought that Symbolism certainly exists in good books, but that it is the responsiblity of the reader to pick it out and assign it's meaning/value. What he hated was single purpose, meta-narrative, Author driven Allegory. Things like *Animal Farm*, where the Author writes the story with one meaning, and one meaning only in mind, and then forces the reader to view the work through that one specific lense.

Of course Tolkien was fully aware that his life experiences and deeply held beliefs would have a strong impact on his writing. There is no doubt that the death of his friends in WW1 would affect the way he perceived, and as a result, wrote about concepts like Death. There is also no doubt, in his mind or anyone else's, that his deep religious convictions would affect the way he portrayed his higher powers. But that being said, he ardently refused to write a story that was a point by point comparison of something else. Of course the carnage of the War of the Wrath to some extent mirrors the carnage of World War 1. But no direct comparison can be made.

The ressurection, a powerful image in catholic literature, eventually became a powerful image in Tolkien's writings. But in this case, the differences between him and Lewis are especially important. While Tolkien wrote characters that were unavoidably influenced by his faith, there is no doubt that they exist fully as their own character. Superficial comparisons can be made between Gandalf and Jesus... but in the end Gandalf is *not Jesus*. Gandalf is Gandalf, and that is all. This is starkly contrasted by Narnia in which Aslan *truely is* Jesus Christ. He is written with the direct intention of being a literary personification of Jesus, and all of his facets.

So the guy who wrote Lewis's text's here is a little bit off the mark.

Still funny though! Thanks for posting.
As is explained in the other sub, his body was completely destroyed. Not trapped, not buried, but utterly destroyed.
Wish we could of seen Gandalf cast more magic and shoot some fireballs or lightning bolts at some orcs. 
Awesome! Where'd you find these?!
I'd be interested in knowing where you found these. I have a new place to decorate...
He even sings a couple songs from LOTR. Very talented that Pippin. :)
Sweet stands, where did you get them?
the blu-ray of the LOTR movies are worth upgrading to. not sure about the hobbit if its worth it. as they are more recent. the blu-ray LOTR have been re-done in part... ie in the dvd version, you can see on the wraiths in the 1st movie, an un-natural black blob in the face. where they have used effects to remove actors face. in blu-ray version, its cleaned up so its a continual black. 

also if you are in the EU, the movie runs on blu-ray the same speed as in the cinema. but dvd is 1 fps too fast... 

cinema and blu-ray are played at 24fps. dvd PAL is 25fps. dvd ntsc is 24fps. 

this means over the course of several hours of moive, you lose a few mins. 24 seconds in 25fps is 25 seconds at 24fps... so call it 1 extra second per 0 seconds, or 2 a min. 2 mins an hour, or over 10 hours 20 mins... 

lets say there are 1 million frames across the 3 movies. 

that would be 694 mins at 24fps.

but only 666 mins at 25fps. 

that's 30 min difference. ok a fair chuck of that is in the credits at the end... 
Bet it took you $800 to buy all of it.

Yeah, who are they kidding... $800 for the set? We all already have all the movies.. how can you justify the rest of the content is worth that much? (Obviously I still want it) but seriously... Oh yeah nice collection =)
Love the dwarves and the argonath.
See, this is exactly why I'm baffled by this $800 thing. I imagine the target audience is the hardcore fans, folks like you who are both willing and able to spend a lot of money to acquire all of the movies and other items. But the content doesn't match up, because it seems to me that the hardcore fans would already have all the movies (and like someone else pointed out it wouldn't cost anywhere near $800 to upgrade everything to blue-ray). So who is the target here? Is anyone planning to buy this thing? I haven't run across anyone yet who is.

But anyway, nice collection. I'm looking forward to the day when I'm actually settled down enough to put that kind of effort into nicely displaying my collection too.
Source: https://www.bottleneckgallery.com/blogs/news/one-ring-to-rule-them-all-karl-fitzgeralds-the-fellowship-of-the-ring-release-info

Color version: https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0182/2915/files/karlfitzgeraldregular_1024x1024.jpg?v=1472654126
I love the artwork, I just wish it didn't have the title of the book (or movie) written like that. 
Just ordered myself a print. This is the 3rd time I've gotten Lord of the Rings prints from Bottleneck. 
It would be cool to have all three. Hopefully they come out with the other two soon!
The thumbnail looked like an ultrasound of a baby at first glance. 
good choice! Today actually is the anniversary of Tolkien's death so you'd better get started!
You won't regret reading them. Keep in mind that the first book starts slowly, but it develops into the best story ever told, so be patient.

Also, I strongly recommend starting with the Hobbit. It's a weekend read.
I got FoTR, Two Towers, and RoTK from goodwill for a combined $5.97 the other day. Already owned them but I couldn't pass that up. 
Oh, it is *ON*.
I can't think of any of when Frodo sailed there, but Ted Nasmith has a few of the undying lands in his illustrated copy of *The Silmarillion* if I remember correctly.
The Secret Fire is with God. Gandalf his saying he's a servant of God, and "Anor" is the Sun.  He's contrasting these things to the Balrog's "Flame of Udun", or Flame of Hell.
So as others have said, The Secret Fire is the heart of the creation, which aat only with Illuvatar himself. By that Gandalf wants to point out his allegience to the 'good' , to Eru, in contrast to the Balrog who was corrupted by Melkor( who first resided in the fortress of Utumno also caled Udûn). Anor is the elven word for the sun, so when Gandalf says he is the wielder of the flame of anor, he might be reffering to his ring, Narya(one of the elven rings) which was the ring of fire( though it is unlikely he was reffering to it, as the location of the rings was a highly guarded secret) or he might have been reffering to the fact that he was a servant of the West where the Two Trees once existed and from which( their last fruits, more precisely) the sun and moon were created. This phrase is rather ambiguous and hard to explain, hope I helped!
The full quote being:

>“I am a servant of the Secret Fire, wielder of the flame of Anor. **You cannot pass**. The dark fire will not avail you, flame of Udûn. Go back to the Shadow! **You cannot pass.**”
Gandalf also wears an elf ring iirc -Narya which is the ring of fire edit:  http://lotr.wikia.com/wiki/Narya
> 2 types of proofs to support my theory. 

One is "I don't remember the lore" and the other is non-canon third party additions. 

There is exceptionally little in the published works about the witch king. 

There are no wizards except for the five. Bear in mind that they were on middle earth for a few centuries, so the wizard lore that follows them was most probably started by themselves interacting with people's ancestors. 
I think you're stuck with an external definition of "wizard" and "magic," likely gained from playing Dungeons and Dragons (not to hate on it, I love the game myself). You don't need to be a "wizard" to create magic things in Middle Earth. Some beings are inherently magical, like dwarves and elves, and are able to craft things using specific talents and techniques that impart magic on them, or by using specific materials to create magical effects.

That is wildly different from being a Wizard, as defined by Tolkien himself in his writings.

People knew that the Istari existed and were Wizards. They did not know that the Istari were actually Maia, specifically.
This is stupid and youre just arguing yourself in circles.
 
The word wizard is never used to describe anything other than the Istari, if you can refute this claim with evidence of your own then please do. But if you cant then you really should start to think about what youve posted here the last 24 hours.
All wizards are magic users, but not all magic users are wizards. There are only 5 Wizards in Middle-Earth, the Istari. You seem to be confusing the Middle Earth term "wizard" for the D&D term. No other races can be Wizards, just the Istari. There are other magic users, but they are not Wizards. Some are sorcerers for example (The Witch King was known to be one.)
This "theory" has been thorougly refuted so many times. 

Is there any chance we could get an FAQ or something in the sidebar with answers to questions like this?
I'll just answer you question even though its so common.

There are several reasons why they couldn't do that:

1) The eagles are sentient (and very proud) beings that aren't at Gandalf's beck and call. Sure he can ask favors of them, but there's no silly moth-based eagle-summoning spell that the movie makes it look like. For example, when Gwaihir rescues Gandalf from Orthanc, it was an accident. Earlier Gandalf had asked Radagast to investigate the return of the Ring and send information to Saruman in Orthac. He sent Gwaihir (Radagast has somewhat more influence with the eagles, being associated with nature) to send a message and Gwaihir found Gandalf on Orthanc and rescued him.

2) They wouldn't have made it to Mount Doom anyway. Sauron isn't an idiot and he had defenses around Mordor. Bowmen and the flying mounts of the Nazgul would have stopped an eagle-borne invasion. 

3) The whole point of the journey was stealth+secrecy, and eagles are neither stealthy nor secret. Two hobbits sneaking into Mordor looks like a few spies, not an attempt to destroy the Ring. If they flew in on majestic giant eagles, with the most powerful wizard in Middle-Earth accompanying them, Sauron just might have gotten suspicious enough to guard Mount Doom (During the books the big gambit is that Sauron didn't think they would destroy the Ring, but instead challenge him with its power).

4) Nobody could have dropped the Ring into the fire. In the original story the Quest only succeeds because of Smeagol, but without that Frodo could not drop the Ring into the fire, and nobody is going to murder him to complete the Quest.

5) The Eagles are proud as fuck and would probably get corrupted by the ring pretty quickly. Maybe they wouldn't literally eat Frodo, but they might just turn around and try to take it for themselves.

6) What a dumb story that would be. LOTR would suck if they just won three chapters in.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ZrJPiq9QGM
Love it! What'd the project run you in total? (Including the posters)
It's very odd to see hand drawn concept art that's based on the movies rather than the books. 

That being said, these look very cool!
Where did you get the prints ? 
Incredible aspect ratio there. They look so good framed.
Damn these are beautiful...
Wielding the Rings requires intelligence, I always got the impression that the Watcher was basically a monster animal. Therefore it couldn't wield the ring any more than a rabbit could.
C'thun is born. Hearthstone degenerates into cancer decks. ^/s
At some point, the ring would surface and find its way to Sauron. Might take centuries, but it would get back to him. During the council of Elrond it was suggested they throw the ring in the sea, but Gandalf says that in the end it would make it back to Sauron. 

I doubt the Watcher had the ability to make use of the ring. The ring would probably have ended up at the bottom of the pond, and eventually be found. 
Nice! Out of curiosity, why did you choose Finwe? 
Sick dude, good on you for getting something other than the White Tree of Gondor. Looks awesome too, good luck trying to answer the "What's that?" to people who know nothing of Tolkien
[You should NEVER watch the theatrical cut of RotK.](https://youtu.be/KvX0o_a6liE)
It happens directly after Gandalf breaks Saruman's staff.

>At that moment a heavy shining thing came hurtling down from above. It glanced off the iron rail, even as Saruman left it, and passing close to Gandalf’s head, it smote the stair on which he stood. The rail rang and snapped. The stair cracked and splintered in glittering sparks. But the ball was unharmed: it rolled on down the steps, a globe of crystal, dark, but glowing with a heart of fire. As it bounded away towards a pool Pippin ran after it and picked it up.”
Wormtongue throws it out of the tower, I can't remember the exact reason why he did it, but Saruman was VERY upset when he found out.
It is thrown out of an upper window while Saruman is talking with Gandalf and Co. Gandalf suggests that Grima might have been aiming at Saruman, or perhaps couldn't make up his mind on who he wanted to throw it at. It ends up in the water, where Pippin grabs it. 
For whatever reason, I don't think the extended editions are absolutely necessary for FOTR and TTT, but extended is the DEFINITIVE version of ROTK for me. Some very important scenes were left out, including this one.
My book is fucked up. Back cover is looking like Nearly Headless Nick's neck, and the spine is kind of crippled. But I like my cover better, I believe it's Sauron on it. Let me find a [link](https://covers.openlibrary.org/b/id/6633687-M.jpg).
Good luck, I read this a couple months ago. Have you read the Silmarillion and LOTR all the way through recently? If not it will make it a bit harder to put things together... at least in my experience.
I really really like Gandalf's perspective on the quest to Erebor like woah
Great book with lot of deeper informations about events from lotr and silmarillion,must have for tolkien fan
mann melkor is ripped, I have come to the conclusion that people just learn to draw only one body type
Its not even fair.   

The Hobbit films have entire sections that were completely made up just to make three movies.   

Of the three original films,  The Two Towers is my favorite. 
This really depends on what you mean by the question though. If you mean "which one did he do the best job of adapting from page to screen", it would have to be The Fellowship, since it's the only one that is even remotely close to the book in terms of content. 

If you mean "which adaptation of Jackson's is the best movie", I think most, including myself, would probably say Return of the King, since it is generally the most beloved of the three films.
Hands down The Battle of Five Ahahaha sorry I can't say it.
It's hard to choose, I never watch any of them on their own. But Return of the King has the ride of the Rohirrim, which is my all time favourite scene ever. So that one. 
How can people possibly vote for Battle of the Five Armies?
Best Adaptation- Fellowship Of the Ring
Best Film- Also Fellowship Of The Ring.
I was thinking in terms of adaptation from book, FotR wins. But if I were to choose based on my favorite thing, I'd say TT because of the Last March of the Ents, and the badass Huorns, the TT was always my favorite book because of the Ents.
Fellowship of the Ring is probably the best of the six movies, but Return of the King is my favorite out of all of them
This may be unpopular opinion but I *really* liked the first hobbit movie. It felt like a hobbit film instead of redoing LOTR. But out of the 6 Two Towers is my favorite
"The Hobbit!" says literally no one outside a psychiatric facility.
Battle of the five armies is the worst film i've ever seen
Fellowship
I would say that Fellowship is the best movie. But my favorite is definitely the Two Towers. The Battle of Helm's Deep is my favorite movie battle. 
Kinda surprised to see my pick leading the pool.
Boromir was my favorite character, so I had to pick it.
Fellowship of the ring stayed true to book mostly
To be completely honest, I love all of them. Except fuck Bo5A. No. Bad PJ. Bad. 

All jokes aside, the most impacting to me emotionally was probably TT and I still adore RotK. If you just pretend the Books never existed and look at films purely at the quality I have to say TT. RotK is still amazing though. 

Just thought I'd put in my two cents 
Its not up for debate each film is worse then the last fellowship is best. There are no arguments to be bad agaisnt this scientific fact 
The Lord of the Rings Trilogy was far more faithful an adaptation in all respects than the Hobbit. My theory is that the change from New Line to Warner Brothers caused there to be a change in emphasis. Lord of the Rings was clearly a film trilogy made for people who had read the books. The Hobbit was clearly made to just be popular with no regard whatsoever to the preferences of those who had actually read the book. Unnecessary fight scenes and action were added to make it more palatable to the general movie goers. It was expanded to three films purely for the sake of getting extra cash out of it. There's story lines in the Hobbit films I can't even begin to understand. The weird sexual tension between Tariel and Fili (or was it Kili?) was just off the charts wrong for me. The whole thing was a mess from the point of view of someone who loves everything Tolkien ever wrote. I had to separate that part from myself to even come close to remotely enjoying the Hobbit.
The orcs breed themselves.

They only had to be "created" once, and then they multiplied essentially like any other race.
Here's the educational video which Morgoth had and Sauron excavated from the ruins of Angband.

NSFW

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G0ZuCilCu3E
What's important to note is that Orcs are just tainted twisted Elves that Morgoth captured. So whatever happened to the first elves/orcs were passed down through breeding. 
Hi, I'm a modder for the BfME series and I helped test out T3A:Online which brings back the functionality of online play (If you like CnC check out CnC:Online). You must forgive my presence on this reddit, I love LotR but BfME is why I am here.

I can confirm that BfME I, II, and RotWK run perfectly on my Windows 10 laptop. There are some special instructions to follow, mostly that the game must be played with a virtual disk and that you must edit the game options manually for your widescreen resolution.

Because of legal reasons nobody can link you the game download, however ensure that you get the full original game. Packed versions cause unsolvable issues, I should know, I help out with a Facebook page that provides support for the game and online game.
On the anniversary of the day Frodo woke up in Rivendell.
To this day, I still hope against hope it'll show up on steam some morning. Loved the wall combat soo much, missed it terribly in BFME2 and hardly played it because of that. 
I still play these games on my windows 10.
Just search for "Lord of the rings Battle for middle earth patch" in google and you are ready to go.

No. 

Christopher is dead set against it.
How?

And I'm not talking copyrights or anything.  I mean seriously, how?  

The Silmarillion is so enormous that it takes up a literally undetermined amount of time, but no less than, what, 10,000 years or so?  And who cares if I'm off by a few thousand.  How would you ever make a film that covers thousands of years of history and mythology?
Haha reminded me of this: http://www.eyeofthetiber.com/2014/10/07/peter-jackson-announces-plans-for-72-part-movie-series-of-the-silmarillion/
Personally, I would like to see an adaptation in the form of a tv series that's as faithful as possible. Yes, it would take long and be a huge project but it can be done. I've heard that a studio has acquired the rights to The Wheel of Time and is going to make that into a tv series which is also going to be an absolutely massive project. 
 After what they did to the Hobbit, I hope not. 
I doubt it will happen in my lifetime, but I'd love to see a movie for *The Children of Húrin*.
NO! PLEASE NO!!! I WILL NOT LET THEM TOUCH SILMARILLION!
if they ever did it, it would be just a tiny part of the book, one story, two max
I hope it will never happen. On the other hand, I am somewhat open to new adaptations of LotR.
It can't be a movie. Sure it's a short book but one vague paragraph can cover a million things happening. 

I could see it working as a long firm tv series maybe. 

And be as expensive as all hell. 

An old post of mine:

No thanks, The Silmarillion may have a long and detailed plot with a character list of dozens, but the amount of dialogue, character interaction and 'flesh on the bones' of the main plot is quite small-stretching/adapting it into a TV series would require a huge amount of changes and inventions by the writers (and the tone of the book-dark, depressing and packed with religous symbolism doesn't sound like something that would attract casual audiences), it's not a hugely popular book like LOTR, or The Hobbit (there are very few returning characters to connect it to the previous films and the self serving immortal Elves wouldn't necessarily be a popular point of view for casual viewers) it wouldn't be likely to be granted the budget that could do things justice i.m.o.

In anycase (assuming the following information is accurate) it's very unlikely to be adapted anytime soon:

According to this article the complaints and concerns of Christopher Tolkien and the estate were more complicated than mere issues with the LOTR scripts (worth noting the rights to LOTR and TH were sold decades before by Tolkien himself before the estate even existed, so they had no legal say or input into the films, when you consider how different they are to the books it would seem a little odd to publicly support or endorse them i.m.o-how can you claim to promote and protect a books literary heritage when publicly supporting a film you have no involvement with that takes dramatic liberties with the source material?):

http://nerdalicious.com.au/books/why-peter-jackson-will-never-film-the-silmarillion/

Christopher Tolkien is co-author of The Silmarillion under copyright law (not sure about the other books which he edited):

>Christopher Tolkien holds the authorial copyright on The Silmarillion, not J.R.R. Tolkien. Harper Collins has confirmed with us that, under current copyright laws, the copyright will therefore not expire until 70 years after Christopher’s death, and not in 2043 when the copyright on the works of J.R.R. Tolkien will expire. (Updated 25/01/14)

(Which might mean he'd be able to put in a clause in his will asking that the rights to The Silmarillion etc are kept in a trust deed and not sold until his copyright passes into the public domain, or he could entrust them to another company, I'm not an expert on copyright law, but either way I think it will be a very long time before we see any of the other books be adapted into blockbusters for both legal and monetary reasons)

And like his father before him he is an former Anglo saxon scholar and lecturer at Oxford university, Christopher was also given complete creative control by his father in his will to:

>"publish edit alter rewrite or complete any work of mine
which may be unpublished at my death or to destroy the whole
or any part or parts of any such unpublished works as he
in his absolute discretion may think fit and subject thereto"

>He also (wisely) urges the executors to keep his copyrights in the family if at all possible.

http://sacnoths.blogspot.co.uk/2009/12/tolkiens-will.html

So i.m.o he's simply protecting his father's literary interests in the way he deems most appropriate, if you look at Tolkien Senior's comments regarding mooted adaptions and drama as art form at large, I think it's fairly likely his viewpoints are in line with his fathers.

Also this old post on a Tolkien forum is enlightening, giving an apparent insight into his views on the films:

http://forums.theonering.com/viewtopic.php?p=4029495#p4029495

>''CT and the Tolkien Estate/family get nothing whatsoever from video games, soundtracks, merchandise, collectibles, action figures, bobbleheads, Burger King cups etc etc etc. The only rights Tolkien pere retained was to the books themselves, and a certain royalty payment on the films' gross profits* (which apparently doesn't count merchandising). Yes, book sales have increased. 
 
>''To the main point: I am in an awkward position here, because CT has shared with me his opinions of PJ's work (not TH, of course). His criticism is pages and pages long, and not complimentary. At. All. Unfortunately, I simply cannot share any of this material publicly. All I can say in very broad terms is that CT feels that all the themes that to him make the LR important are completely submerged in the movie behind frenetic motion, chases, fights and shrieking choirs (and in one major case, poor casting). But he also has some very cogent things to say about the alteration of characters and the poor rendering of particular scenes stemming from PJ's apparenlty poor understanding of the book; I find HobbitUK's comments a bit amusing because CT actually does know rather a lot about cinema, and his suggestions would have been great improvements on what PJ did. Yes, that's a seeming oxymoron- and the reason underlying the lawsuit

>I think you'll find that matters have already been arranged to forestall that. 

>In any event, no studio would ever, ever, ever give an author final cut, and mean it* (look at the way Disney swindled P L Travers on a similar contract provision over Mary Poppins)- it would be honoured as sincerely as 'profit percentage', i.e. not at all. CT in this is *not* being shortsighted- he's being a realist.

>Besides, I think you fail to understand the position taken by CT: that no adequate film adaptation of the LR (much less the Silmarillion) could be made, and that's not an issue of battles and monsters vs. technology; it simply doesn't translate its essence to film well at all, or at least not a film which could remotely hope for sufficient boxoffice to cover its costs- and Hollywood very much cares about Cash over Art. No studio is ever going to make a Tolkien movie as a money-losing labour of love. 

>All you're really arguing, near as I can tell, is that CT should just surrender to the commercial pimping and sell out like Audrey Seuss, on the grounds he and the family can't resist forever. Well, maybe that will in future decades prove to be the case but that does not mean one shouldn't nonetheless "fight the long defeat." 

>*And that point is, explicitly, CT's opinion

>Christopher doesn't care whether book sales increase. He really doesn't. He would rather accept The Silmarillion going out of print than see it kept afloat on the back of movies like PJ's (yes, he said so)''

It is worth noting the Tolkien Estate are currently engaged in an ongoing lawsuit with Warner Brothers (who previously tried to get away without paying the Estate anything at all for the LOTR films), so they are very unlikely to want to do business with that particular studio again:

http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/thr-esq/warner-bros-can-sue-tolkien-835296

But that's not to say they are completely against adaptions-there is a stage show of Leaf By Niggle touring at the moment:

http://www.puppetstate.com/shows/leaf-by-niggle/

and Christopher Tolkien was involved with the 1981 Radio Adaptation (he specially granted rights to use material from Bilbo's Last Song, and Unfinished Tales):

http://briansibleytheworks.blogspot.co.uk/2008/01/this-page-is-still-under-construction_23.html

http://forum.barrowdowns.com/showthread.php?t=14646

I came across this in a AUJ review, it best sums up my thoughts:

>I think adapting any portion of The Silmarillion would be substantially more complicated–and controversial–than adapting The Hobbit was. The Biblical tone of much of the work is likely untranslatable to film, as is the sense of narrative remove and the vast swaths of time involved. I think an adaptation of The Silmarillion that is true to the superlative creative core of that specific text, while also in keeping with Tolkien’s broader vision of Middle Earth, would probably look something like Terrence Malick’s The Tree of Life (2011)–in other words, it would require experimental shooting and narrative techniques and would be panned by most of those inclined to enjoy Hollywood’s present, big-budget take on the epic. So much of what seems dry and factual on the page would need to be presented as ethereal and impressionistic on the silver screen, and I don’t think Tolkien fans would have the patience for it. 

>To the extent the stories of The Silmarillion are, in situ, a mythological haze that hangs invisibly over Middle Earth–reified in song and statue, yes, but never touched, in their essence, except in the waking and sleeping visions of individual dwarves, elves, goblins, orcs, wizards, and men–you wouldn’t want to falsely crystallize them into what could easily look like a Middle Earth documentary. Shall we tell the story of the Founding of the World as though it were the Battle of the Pelennor Fields? Reimagine Valinor using a simply more sumptuous version of the existing Rivendell set? Can we speak of the beings in The Silmarillion, let alone portray them in film, as just grander versions of the Heroes of the Fellowship? No; if you’re going to cast a film almost entirely with gods, godlike creatures, and legendary personae, you have to employ a visual style that establishes these entities and the events they produce and move through as being somehow beyond our immediate understanding. Jackson would likely not be the appropriate director for such a work, as too many expectations incongruous with such an adaptation already attach, even now, to his projects. We would need, instead, a director, and a screenwriter, with whom our expectations would run much closer to what we’d call an “art house film.” 

>So I guess I’d say that, failing those prerequisites being met, I don’t think I’d want to see The Silmarillion adapted at all. And so I can’t predict which stories from the book I’d most want to see adapted, as the style of adaptation I’d consider most appropriate would constitute an artistic vision well beyond (at least in cinematic terms) my present understanding or my ability to anticipate. 



Eventually someone will do it.  Copyright only seems to last forever these days.
As much as I'd love for that to happen, I think it would be a terrible idea. There would be no possible way to make it into a movie. Think about trying to make the bible into a movie(s), you could make 20 movies and still not be through half of the material. Yes you can cut some stuff, re-write and do all that, but is is really worth it? I think out of all of Tolkien's work the Silmarillion should be left alone, it would be for the good. 
Nope, never. Tolkien estate is dead against it, and I personally don't think it would make a good movie, for the same reason that I don't think that the Bible would make a good movie. Sure, individual small parts would make good movies, but trying to make a cohesive adaptation of the whole thing, even breaking it into many consecutive parts, would be foolish.
Honestly, I hope not. The LOTR movies were great, but the Hobbit was meh. And to make the silmarillion it would have to be hours on hours of footage.
Eh, the book is better ;)
I think that it *might* be possible to make a movie of one of the stand-alone stories, but the entire Silm would be virtually impossible to film.

The tale of Beren and Luthien would probably be the best choice for an adaptation. It's more easily visualized, has characters you can tie in for the movie fans (Arwen and Aragorn's great-great-great+ grandparents; Sauron of course; Galadriel's brother Finrod Felagund), and has a concise, defined plotline with lots of action as well as obvious fantasy elements (werewolves, vampires, a talking dog). And for a Tolkien story it actually has a decently sized female cast (Luthien, Melian, Thuringwethil), so they wouldn't need to add extra love interest bullshit.

However, it's all a moot point because a) Christopher Tolkien won't allow it, b) Peter Jackson doesn't want to direct it, and c) the only remotely acceptable candidate for the role of Luthien, Audrey Hepburn, is dead.
ITT: everyone says no but me :(

I feel like this is the time to make 7-8 Silmarillion movies to ride all the Lord of the Rings/Hobbit love for as long as possible. I mean PJ could stop after 4 or 5 if people feel oversaturated, but at this point I gotta say that I'd see any middle earth universe movie made by him unless they somehow got REALLY bad; like jar jar binx bad

shutupandtakemymoney.jpg
every time I see this topic brought up I get so excited and depressed at the same time...
God, I hope not. 
It'd be a pretty terrible movie. 100 years can pass during a paragraph in that book.

Generally when you do an adaptation of a work for cinema you have to find a way to condense the time frame so it's easier to understand. The art form falls short when it comes to long-term things like the Silmarillion. Even TV series' have the problem.
There may be movies from stories in the Silmarillion, like Sauron ruining Numenor or Turin's tale, or Beren & Luthien, or a long series about the Noldor, but it's too much to imagine putting in one movie.
It would be a lot of information and very little in the way of theatrical entertainment. So I don't think it's something that should be a movie. Simply because it would be tarnished if it had to become theatrical which is the only way it would sell to the masses. 
I hope not, since it would be anything like the hobbit moives it would be disgraceful
I heard someone was trying to get the rights to do a movie and a tv series weather that is confirmed or not i don't know
Ι really hope not. 
I think you could like pretend that the music is creating things even if it isn't so amazing in reality to actually create things. You know, movie magic! People will get the point
I sure hope not. I don't want any movie triology or series (since the last one is always split in 2) to cover the WHOLE BOOK!

JUST PICK OUT ON STORY AND TELL IT AND LEAVE THE REST TO OTHER PEOPLE!
Not a chance on God's green earth, poppa doc.
There could be a hundred different full movies from the stories in it, but one movie, or 3 movies wouldn't be able to come close to doing it justice.  
Does anyone know why exactly Christopher doesn't like the lotr and the hobbit series; which is why we there won't be other movies made?
It simply cannot be done. And I'm not talking about length or anything, I refer to one specific thing:

The Music of the Ainur. No mortal man could compose something so glorious and beautiful and eternal and perfect and absolute as the Music that Tolkien described. You would need Mozart, Beethoven and Wagner to work together on it, then have Chopin, Strauss and Haydn revise it while under Listz's supervision, then pass it to Verdi, Tchaikovsky and Rossini to refine and extend the work, and lastly have Paganini and Tartini direct the largest orchestra ever, with only the best musicians across the world in it.

And even then, you would still not even be close to the music that shaped the world.
I bought the complete edition of the game for about $20, and had a blast with it. It is fan fiction lore, much like the films. It's Batman/Assassin's Creed set loosely in the film version of LoTR. Still a fun game though, at least for me. 
Very solid gameplay -- the lore is fanfiction partially because of licensing issues, but primarily because it wasn't meant to be canon. If you're playing as a character that wasn't in the story, then why would you suggest what you're doing should follow the story?
My favorite part of the game is how they executed the Orcs, Goblins, and Uruks; as well as the "culture" inside Mordor. I say it was done really well. Especially with the whole power structure, fears, and so on. Voice acting was great. Overall I thought it was pretty fun compared to the other LotR games produced.
But why does this photo look so old?  Those movies were only... 

damn.  
That still only counts as once
You don't look that young, most children don't wear scarves.
Aww, it's Rudy.
https://youtu.be/sbRZ5adKn2E
Has Sean met literally every single one of this fans?  This is like the 10th post I've seen on here.  Seems like a real cool guy.
What year was this taken?
My god, he's tiny
Is Sean wearing shoes on his knees to look like a Hobbit?
You look slightly like a cardboard cut out of yourself, it must be the angle or something
They would be small, only children to your eyes.

That face! Awesome! Being a tall person around a hobbit is the best. I'm not quite as tall as you, but as 6' girl, it was still amusing to pose with Dom (http://imgur.com/a/ksJWC). He asked if we could form a basketball team.
Billy Boyd always seemed like the "coolest" of the cast. I'd wager that he was the one who made everyone laugh when they were driving/flying to a scene location.
Wow you're really tall. No wonder you're legendary, Jamie!
Whoa he's fuckin middle aged now

E: holy shit he's 48 what is happening
Totally inappropriate and 100% no offence but all I could think of was [THIS](https://images.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=http%3A%2F%2Fstarcasm.net%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2014%2F01%2FJustin_Bieber_lookalike_Toby_Sheldon_490.jpg&f=1) guy. 
I had the biggest crush on him back in the day!
New on-set photos of the live action Attack on Titan movie. 
I met him last year too! He loved my Middle Earth map leggings and my septum piercing. Also we took a picture together and he made fun of my because my phone was on selfie mode.
I don't think I'd be able to recognize him with that beard
Fool of a took.
You're like an adorable giant! My little brother is 16 and the same height. I'm not a hobbit, but standing next to guys as tall as you makes me feel like one.
You look like someone photoshopped Justin Bieber's head onto an adult male's body.
Your hand is big enough to consume the entirety of Billy Boyd's head. 

"It comes in FISTS? I'm guetting one."
Pippin has a grey beard now. 

I feel old. 
Justin bieber I didn't know you were so tall!
You look a really tall Jeff Seid.
This lad seems very happy, by the other hand, the hobbit does not... 
Vincent Adultman?
Anything to do with looks (other than what is explicitly stated by Tolkien) was not part of Tolkien's original vision. The appearance of Boromir's horn in the movies being similar to a real life horn may be coincidence, but it's also just as likely to be an inspiration.

As for Andúril and Durandal being similarly named, it's very likely that Tolkien drew upon any number of mythical blades when creating the story behind any of the blades in his stories, but the names are almost entirely constructed using his languages. That is why LotR exists at all, as a vehicle for his languages.

The only explicit reference is Avallónë, a sea port on the shores of Tol Eressëa.
What does this mean about popular Skyrim mod Enderal? Is it *more* of a conspiracy, because you don't have to rearrange anything, or *less*, because the phonemes differ a wee bit more?
Yea he was.
Are you tall or is it because he is a hobbit in real life too? 
You may have better luck in r/Tengwar
It's hard to make out what some of the first letters are supposed to be.

It's either "b" followed by a weird short carrier or it's "pr" where the r is both run up against the p and wider than it would normally be.

The circle with the vowel over it is generally the "au" or "aw" diphthong (either explicitly as that diphthong or in some modes the circle is just a "w" anyway and this case works out the same). Some "full" modes treat it slightly differently, but since we have tehta vowels otherwise, I'll ignore that option.

So, then the other option is whether to have vowels go over the preceding or following consonant. The placement of a short carrier in one reading would imply over the following consonant, but if that's an "r" we can't really tell.

Finally, what language is it, since different language modes assign different values. I'm going to give most of these as the Sindarin/English values to start.

It's also hard to see if there are supposed to be word-break spaces. My examples below are without spaces, but if I had to guess where they occur I'd put spaces both before and after the "s" in each case.

So, options:

initial-b - "boetsaung" or "boetsawng"

initial-p, vowel-over-next - "poretsaung" or "poretsawng"

initial-p, vowel-over-previous - "protesaung" or "protesawng"

Quenya values, initial-p - "protesaunw" or "protesawnw" (this one is wonky as due to the "o" it should have been a different letter for the "r")

So, nothing that really makes sense to me. I don't know if any of these could possibly be words in an Elvish language, but at a guess I'd say no. It's possible, given that it looks like the spacing would leave the "s" by itself that it could be a name, but neither the first or last name would be ones that I'd recognize as such. It's possible that if this person had something written that originated in a non-English language, that it's using a mode/values that I am unfamiliar with and so my options above wouldn't cover them. Or it's possible that this person simply made mistakes and it's not representing what they wanted it to say.
the legs ruin it a bit

this is what i imagine Gimli's legs look like.
I don't
Do you refer to your friend as "C.B."? I lent a friend the same edition of *The Hobbit*.  He is also hairy and recently at a beach.
Ahhahahaha! That was more entertaining than the actual movie. 
For some context and background. The LOTR Musical was in development at the same time as the movies so they have no influence on each other, which makes for a unique experience apart from the movies.

I have never seen it and I don't think it was ever filmed in it's entirety. A friend of mine who has been in theater all his life told me about it and showed me the music.
 
This song is preformed as the Hobbits are leaving The Shire. You can hear the part when they come across the Elves, they are singing about their leaving and the music changes, it's really cool IMO.

Another of my favorites is The Gray Havens song:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wn_is4HX2Z4

I love how they bring The Road Goes On theme back to imply Frodo is going on another adventure. Hits me right in the feels. 
Watching the films and looking at artwork is probably your best option.
I will be honest, I had no idea this even existed. I have to find this! It looks awesome! You have quite an awesome missus!
I remember going into a waterstones when I was younger after I'd finished the silmarillion to be told it had gone out of print something like 20 years prior. You are a very lucky person on multiple levels.
This must be the story that confirms Tom Bombadil is the Witch King
I found a copy just like that at the local library.  It's a fun, silly book that is over too soon.  I read it to my kids, but they weren't as interested as I was.  They haven't learned to like poetry yet.
I have the same copy! You can find them occasionally on eBay.
I have heard of this but I always thought these were stories were not really connected to LotR. This is more of a prototype of the character.
If I ever have kids, this is what I will read to them at night
My dad had this, but I can't find it now.
My Dad has this in his bookshelf, it's great and I am super jealous. 
Sweet! I'd love to see that!
You've got a good woman there. 
very cool.
That sounds like a nightmare... I love LotR, but can't stand TB....
Turned it into a new birdbath next to the White Tree.
Since were talking about Grond, does it have anything to do with Morgoths Grond-hammer?
I don't think we ever hear about it again, but I doubt people would want to re-use the stuff from Mordor. It is a bit the same with that fell beast, they burned the corpse and no grass would grow there, while on the mound of loyal Shadowfax flowers grew.
The books mostly leave that out, but I'm not sure how the logistics of reusing all that steel would work. The ram was bewitched with spells of ruin, which I feel might complicate or compromise the steel contained within. 
Gandalf speaks the words in Black Speech in Book II, Chapter 2, "The Council of Elrond":

Ash nazg durbatulûk, ash nazg gimbatul,
Ash nazg thrakatulûk agh burzum-ishi krimpatul.

Translated, the words mean:

One ring to rule them all, one ring to find them,
One ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them
*Face Palm* That is the One Ring with the Eye of Sauron in the center surrounded by the three rings that were made for the Elven Kings. 


love the artwork

i've collected MTG cards just for the art, started some years ago, but i have close to zero interest in actually playing the game, although i've played the PS3 version for countless hours. i've collected partly because a lot of the art designs reminds me of middle earth and lotr. now that i've discovered the LOTR cards it makes looking for the right art design much easier and broadens the variety of my art collection.
It's an excellent card game with great cooperative aspects, fun deckbuilding possibilities and gorgeous artwork. The mechanics are positively oozing with theme. That is all I have to say. 
The lcg is a great game. It remains very well supported by fantasy flight and looks like it will be for some time. Not only are the mechanics engaging and thematic, the game has a solitaire option which is always nice. 
I presume this is different than the trading card game made by Decipher? 
If so, any comments/opinions on the TCG vs. LCG? 
I collected and played the TCG for years but do not know anything about the LCG.
“In a hole in the ground there lived a hobbit. Not a nasty, dirty, wet hole, filled with the ends of worms and an oozy smell, nor yet a dry, bare, sandy hole with nothing in it to sit down on or to eat: it was a hobbit-hole, and that means comfort.”
[deleted]
/r/lotrlcg  
just in case you didn't know
Great card game! My favorite board game is actually Middle-Earth Quest, next to the War of the Ring, and not just because of the theme.
I got a chance to meet him inside and outside of the photo booth at a con last year. Super cool guy, and really takes time to talk to his fans, even remembered some he had met before. Great guy, great experience.
Amsterdam Comic Con? 
Ruuudy Ruuudy Ruuudy Ruuudy Ruuudy...
And who's the guy on the right? 
















...
Where did you get that button-up? That's a cool shirt.
You paid him money to meet with you. Don't get it twisted.
*Movie* Isildur did that.  
Except he didn't do any of that. Sauron was already beaten by the time Isildur cut the ring from him. Elendil and Gil-galad had defeated Sauron (and died themselves in the process). Isildur just came up afterwards and took the ring from his vanquished foe.

The importance of that act isn't in any way that it *defeated* Sauron, but in that it prevented him from being able to spirit away the ring, recreate his body, and rise to power again in any short amount of time.
Elendil crited Sauron because Sauron burned all his cooldowns. However, since Sauron was already dead Isildur just looted him. Had he destroyed the loot (the One) he'd have saved the world from Sauron, but the One is almost impossible to destroy voluntarily.
Let your nerd flag fly and don't let anyone change that!
This. Is. Awesome. Where could I find this?
I bought it from comic-con in Australia 4 year ago. It was advertised as a tapestry rug. Not that I have to explain myself because it really doesn't matter, what matters is I have this awesome piece of memorabilia that I love and wanted to show off to you guys. That's all :) 
Tapestry is a fun word. 
Home is behind, the world ahead... 
Is anybody going to tell OP that's a throw blanket?
Very nice. I'd just wish it covered the entire world inlcuding Mordor and Minas Tirith. 
It's magnificent!!! :)
Decorating done right!
I slept in that same blanket last night!
Neat. How big is it?
Enjoy your new place, and best of luck adjusting to living on your own or with new people. Love the tapestry! 
I have that exact one in my room!
That's the Witch King but cool fire pit nonetheless.
Found this gem at the Utah Renaissance Faire and thought you guys might like it. Credit to Nightmare Productions and Designs for the creation (Nightmareprods.com).
That screams America
Nice collection! Could you list any of the unusual ones you have? I always like to check other people's Tolkien collections to see what books I am missing.
My unwin paperback boxed set doesn't have the hobbit in it :( jealous. 
aw I'm working on mine but it's so sad in comparison! Beautiful work on the collection!! http://imgur.com/a/jX5P9

What was your method of acquiring all of them? I'll have to post my WIP collection here soon but I collection solely through Half Price Books.
Do I see first editions??
I have the same copy of the Silmarillion that you have on the bottom shelf, fourth from the right. I don't know much about it but I love how it looks!
This is a lot of books but there's like 10 different versions of the same books ... there's like 70 visible books but only 20 unique books that we can see ... pretty cool nonetheless
Not to mention the height of Moria!
It's an interesting time, and I wish there was more written on it. I like the story of Numenor, the great civilization slowly corrupted by an outside force, except for a few brave individuals. Kind of reminds me of the story of Earth and Captain Sheridan on Babylon 5, now that I think about it.

I haven't read the History of Middle Earth and these days it seems kind of expensive to get a hold of, but is there anything in those volumes about the second age?
There are some 110 pages about the Second Age in Unfinished Tales. I recently bought it (not yet read it), but on this wikipedia page you can see the contents:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unfinished_Tales

A significant part of the book consists of notes and annotations by C Tolkien.

The book is fairly cheap though, I got a paperback version for 10 euros. Including indices and maps my version is 493 pages.

also for /u/drogyn1701
I wish the period was a bit more represented, too.  Even apart from the Last Alliance, there was some awesome stuff there - the colonization of Middle-earth by the Numenoreans, the formation of the Elvish kingdoms after Beleriand's destruction... 
Fan movie "Born of Hope," about the Dunedain and the birth of Aragorn:

https://youtu.be/4l97GiM--jY
I don't think there are any, unless you count fan fiction perhaps.

The only book I can think of is LotR itself. There is the background story of the Rangers of the North/Dúnedain in general in the form of Akallabêth which is a chapter in The Silmarillion, and of course the Appendices of LotR. The Appendices have Aragorn's story and background.
I wouldn't say there's tons of versions. There's tons of different copies with cool covers and collectors art and stuff, but 90% of them will all have the exact same content. There are only 2 instances in which versions of the books differ significantly that I am aware of.

The first version of the Hobbit that came out in 1937 was *substantially* different than the one that everyone today is familiar with. In 1966 Tolkien went back and revised it to be more in line with *The Lord of the Rings*. Finding an original 1937 copy is extraordinarily difficult and expensive, so pretty much any copy that you find will be the more revised modern edition. 

That being said, Harper Collins is releasing a facsimile first edition on the 22nd of September this year, so if you want to read the original, you could get that.

As for the Lord of the Rings, I believe some minor textual corrections have been made in every edition released since the 50th anniversary Edition. However, I don't think it's anything major. Pretty much any copy of the Lord of the Rings is going to be the same in terms of content.
You can likely find a boxed set of them all together fairly cheap.  I've never come across any that are "different" per se other than having not having artwork.
https://www.reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/151jct/recommended_reading_for_tolkien_fans/
Love the novels but fair warning: LotR has a whole lot of describing terrain. Having a high-resolution and detailed map handy might be helpful for reference, and to prevent it being repetitive.

Also, looking up names in the wiki is a bit of a must, since the novels are filled with much more lore than the movies, and most of it is barely explained. The backstory is all actually quite interesting too
I just keep wondering what the hell the additional 1 hour material to the Hobbit might be. The theatretical cut itself was full of meaningless screentime that could have been cut away without any effect to the story.
>Frodos contract.

???
And the red book of westmarch replica, thats what l want, do you know of any place that sells a replica with nothing written on it?
Yeah, get the extended Blu-ray editions instead. I recently purchased both for around $120. Since there isn't anything new & the "extras" are incredibly lackluster, just save yourself some money.
Who cares
I hope no one buys it. Just let WB waste their money if they're going to try to pull some bs like that
The best one is probably Atlas of Middle Earth by Karen Wynn Fonstad. Avoid anything by David Day. 
Can confirm, Atlas of Middle Earth by Karen Wynn Fonstad is the best tool I've had reading through anything LotR-related.

Buy it.

https://www.amazon.com/Atlas-Middle-Earth-Revised-Karen-Fonstad/dp/0618126996/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1472497744&sr=8-1&keywords=middle+earth+atlas
I am a little rusty so forgive me if small details are incorrect.

The concept of magic in the LoTR universe is different to what we're used to today. This is because Tolkien believed in power *or* ability which comes from your inner nature. This is so prevalent that Tolkien even spelled magic in it's archaic form magick/magik where it's meaning held true to the idea that someone/something had an ability or property which was wonderous and unexplained (to the best of the beholders knowledge), thereby appearing magical in nature.

Imagine someone who could count and manipulate numbers, or another who could do flips and move their body in a way that seemed completely unnatural. This was magick/magik.

So, unlike Harry Potter where you can call upon some seemingly external force to do your bidding for you with a spell and learned methods, magic in LoTR is an extension of your very being (your nature) or a property of objects (their nature). It cannot be learned in the way we're used to ala Harry Potter etc.

To people who don't have it *'in their nature' (not Maiar, Elves, etc.);* or don't possess an object of *'magical ability' (Palantir etc.)*; or know any techniques for creation of these objects *(forging rings of power, Palantir etc.)*, things can appear to be magical. Lastly, given the theme of having it *'in their nature'* magic in LoTR is really what others call the channel for supernatural power (nature of these beings or objects) to flow through and manifest.

Some examples:

* Galadriel doesn't understand what others mean when they say magic. How could she, it's part of her nature. She's always had it. From her point of view what part are they referring to? This is what she says to Sam and Frodo
> For this is what you folk call magic, I believe; though I do not understand clearly what they mean; and they seem to use the same word of deceits of the Enemy. But this if you will, is the magic of Galadriel.

* The battle between Gandalf and Saruman on Caradhras (the mountain) where Saruman tries to bring down the mountain on the fellowship. Saruman and Gandalf are not chanting spells at each other, but rather having a conversation with Caradhras to sway the beings action in line with their own intent. Think of how people try to persuade others in the real world to do what they want, similarly Saruman and Gandalf can persuade Caradhras to do something as they are Maiar, effectively demigods. It has always been in their ability to communicate with the supernatural as they themselves are supernatural. To others this appears magical; when in reality they are simply, and literally, talking to other supernatural beings.

* The door to Moria. Mellon isn't a magical unlock-door spell, it's simply the key for this particular door due to this particular doors design. Very literally this door was created, using the proper techniques, and given a key which is the phrase "Mellon". Exactly like how the door for your house has it's key, and that key doesn't open any other door because it wasn't designed to. So, it's not magic that the door opened when Gandalf said "Mellon", it's merely that he knew the password. The key for this specific door. Anyone could've said it and opened that door; just as anyone can turn the key in the lock of your home's door and open it. Yet to someone who has never seen a key or a door it could appear magical.

* The Palantir (seeing-stones) are simply a technology to communicate over distance. They were created using a specific technique, and if you don't know the technique it can appear magical. How is it people are able to communicate through these orbs? I'm sure the telephone was magical when it was invented; now it's rudamentary because it's in our nature. We've always had telephones so 'who cares' it's nothing special to us; yet to someone who has never seen it it could be awesome indeed.

Hopefully I've explained well enough the concept of magic in LoTR. Feel free to ask more questions :)
Galadriel implies it's the second.
We get a couple of figures (notably men) becoming sorcerors. Some of the Nazgul and the Mouth of Sauron being notable examples. That suggests that there's magic. 
Well. Gandalf is in Istar divine. So he able to mamipulate such things.
I finished this last year and thought you guys would enjoy it. It took three months and loads of patience. 
Oh, I found a map online that someone had blown up and divided into five or six sections that I had to tape together to form the whole map. Then I used a light table to trace it onto fabric which took about a month. After that it was just a matter of finishing the stitching. I'm glad you like it and I'd very much like to see your buddy's map of Hyrule. 
Quite impressive for something done by hand. That's one treasure to keep.
You're thinking of Glorfindel at the Council of Elrond:

>'But in any case,' said Glorfindel, 'to send the Ring to him would only postpone the day of evil.  He is far away.  We could not now take it back to him, unguessed, unmarked by any spy.  And even if we could, soon or late the Lord of the Rings would learn of its hiding place and would bend all its power towards it.  Could that power be defied by Bombadil alone?  I think not.  I think that in the end, if all else is conquered, Bombadil will fall, Last as he was First; and then Night will come.'
You know who had a rough week? Frodo, when he had to haul ass up Mt Doom.
Wow.  That's gonna make a great relaxing weekend.  I hope you're in a nice wooded setting.  I'm actually sorta super jealous right now.

But remember, if you are in the forest, *it is perilous to cut bough or twig from a living tree there.*
wow what beautiful copies

"I'm home." Never have I read two more perfect words when describing books, particularly these ones. Other than, "...and that means comfort."
You are such a lucky guy to find that treasure.
[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3467 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/96551)
Be careful, there's a pissed off dragon in that first one 
That version of The Hobbit was the one I grew up reading. Still seems perfect to me, the maps, binding, everything just fits so well.
So jealous right now. Balancing a new job, school, and training someone for my old job right now has got me a bit frazzled these past few weeks. I could totally use this right now. Enjoy the downtime.
Is that Bombadil's cabin?
Pic of cabin?
I am so jealous right now.
Drove to my cabin for the weekend.  Dog got skunked first morning here.  I'm not relaxed.
Rented a cabin after rough times? Are you Bon Iver?
I have this exact pair! Such nice books. 
I wish I had that copy of the hobbit. My dad has it and I have a sneaking suspicion my sister will take it down the line. Such an amazing version of the book.
Does that copy of LOTR have a huge map inside the back cover?

I'm talking like three-unfolds huge that you can leave open while you start the thing when you wake up, read the book all day and into the night for constant checking until you hear, "Well, I'm back" at 3:30am.

Not that I know what that would be like....

Enjoy the reads.
I'd be considering how much to offer the owners of the cabin for those copies, but on the other hand, I would want more travelers to read them.
It's always rough hiding from the cops.
The movies put me to sleep five minutes in.  I can't imagine the amount of sleep you'll get trying to read the books.  Enjoy your nap, buddy!
Dude I regularly need dummy text for my job, totally gonna use this.  Thanks!!
"Goldberry rauko galvorn naugrim bregolas amarth eilinel elros samwise amras."

Man, what the heck was going on here?! 

This is great! Gonna bookmark it for definite future use :) Thanks! 
Pretty sure Glamdring glows in the book
Because Peter Jackson screwed up.

He even has Gandalf tell Thorin that Orcrist and Glamdring are Elven blades, and then tell Bilbo "The blade is of Elven make, which means it will glow blue when orcs or goblins are close."

Maybe he decided it wasn't as effective visually.  

My best guess is that he chose not to have Glamdring glow blue in *Fellowship* because he didn't want to bother explaining where the sword had come from, and then when he made the *Hobbit* movies he had to leave it that way for continuity reasons.

Either way, a screw-up.
Shouldn't all the elves blades glow blue then? Or is it specifically the elves of gondolin or more broadly the first age? 
I'm sure that Jackson had to pick and choose his nerdy sword lore for the films. While most Tolkien fans (me included, I have my own replica collection started) love the blades and their stories, the average movie-goer does not care to hear about ten different weapons and their importance throughout the movies. He gave Sting it's spotlight as well as Anduril it's own to make those scenes involving them extra special. To not take away from "Sting" which is the most recognizable blade from the films, he left out the glowing detail of Glamdring and Orcirst.
However, I do feel that there are times when Jackson gives the more avid fans some winks within the films. When Gandalf fights the Balrog in FotR, there is an obvious white glow from Glamdring, not just from his white shield thing he is wielding. While this effect isn't exactly mentioned (that I remember), it is a small gem to those that know the lore.
And my bow!
What is this terrible video
Hum. They go from the shire to Rivendell always. After that the fellowship goes to the mountains, although they end up going farther south whereas Bilbo cut straight east to Erebor. After the fellowship attempts and fails Caradhas, they go a bit further south to Moria, and that's far away from Bilbo's path. 

Check this handy map for paths. http://lotrproject.com/map/#zoom=3&lat=-1267.89134&lon=1619.78267&layers=BTTTTTTTT
The Shire,
The Trollshaws,
Weathertop (in Hobbit films, not books),
Bree (appears in Desolation of Smaug, not in Hobbit books, but in Unfinished Tales),
Rivendell,
Misty Mountains

I think that's it.
Rivendell IIRC
The Misty Mountains, altough Bilbo takes the path over/under the mountains in the north, while the Fellowship tries to take a route much further south.
If we're being picky, Earendil did not fly Vingilot to Valinor. He *sailed* it to Valinor. It only flew from the War of Wrath onwards.
Not bad, a bit shaky on the pronunciations.

Also, I feel like he missed an opportunity to use Gandalf's most badass quote:

*I have not passed through fire and death to bandy crooked words with a bridegroom till the lightning falls.*
[Timestamped link](https://youtu.be/Wf-G0iELjvo?t=5m25s
)
/cringe
First off, none of the Elvish languages are complete enough to use all the time in day to day life, especially when applied to the modern world. While there is a huge wealth of vocabulary and grammar, they are not in a true sense "complete".

It's also worth mentioning that there isn't just one language called "Elvish". The two Elvish tongues Tolkien developed are Quenya and Sindarin, so you would need to choose between the two of these. This is a decent source to begin learning Quenya:

http://folk.uib.no/hnohf/qcourse.htm

In addition to that, there are a few different writing system's closely associated with the Elves, that often gets mistaken for "Elvish". The Tengwar and the Cirth, a system of letters and a system of runes respectively, can be used to write in various tongues. If your goal lies in written language rather than spoken you will want to focus on one of the English modes for the Tengwar. 

Sorry my answers aren't more complete. This was a rather hasty and scatterbrained response done on my phone. I hope it was at least moderately helpful though.
See [this](http://folk.uib.no/hnohf/) site. Sindarin is what is generally spoken in Middle-earth by most Elves and the Dúnedain. The Noldor spoke Quenya when they returned to Middle-earth and adopted Sindarin. Some of the Dúnedain did take up Quenya as well.
Go to /r/Quenya and /r/Sindarin.
I got that shirt too! I always love it when woot happens to have a LOTR shirt.
https://www.reddit.com/r/firefly/comments/4zvwdp/love_it_woot_shirt/
>adapting his ride to strategic context

Since he's also on a horse *earlier* in the battle, not just when marching. He doesn't take to the air until the Rohirrim arrive. It's not as cumbersome as you might believe.
Where can we get one, precious?
Me and my dad love LOTR, I would love to have a link to this to get him one for his birthday!!!
Lol currently in the middle of my earth age waiting on a map of the Hoenn region written in LOTR script to be shipped. Gift for a friend. The agony of waiting for dope shit
Just got done watching desolation of Smaug and still pumped up. Time to do some impulse LOTR buying 
Reminds me of the $1 custom mouse pads that were going around a year or two back. With stuff like that you just order it, forget about it for a month and then get a surprise delivery in the mail.
NAPS SHALL BE TAKEN!
I would have the best dreams if I slept on that pillow.  Oh the journeys my mind would take me on.
*Wakes up at 3 am* 

"Oh shoot, I drooled on Dunland again." 
Why does it say 'realm'? Middle-Earth is not really a realm is it? It contains many realms but is not really one itself. It just bugs my Tolkien OCD. Why add that when all the maps say 'map' and not 'realm'. Grrrrrr. 
It's too beautiful to re-enact the end of the Return of the King.  
Amazing, amazing work.
Really incredible work! Get some decent lighting in there too so we can make desktop images out of this beauty! :) 

Any idea roughly how many bricks were used? How long did it take? Is this why I'm missing all my black pieces?
Sorry for the sub par photo quality.
As someone who likes legos and LOTR I find this amazing!
The lighting in the first picture made me think that the pupil was floating
That moment when you can't tell if in /r/lotr or /r/lego 
Thats incredible. Great job
well done
Awesome!
That is huge. And *awesome*.
Way too damn cool

This is phenomenal. 

Seriously awesome!
Amazing!
How long did it take to build this?
That's absolutely astounding.
That is amazing, great job! How long did it take?

Also, those drawings in the background are cool as well!
awesome! did you plan it all out yourself?
That's so cool! Tell me, how long did that take? How many bricks did you use?
Someone please tell us you did a minas Tirith?
Dude!! this is like set worthy!!!
You need to put a legless lego legolas in there, along with legless lego legolas' lego lass' lego lasso.
I'm always jealous of people that can build stuff on their own, I could never deviate from the instructions, unless it was building shitty houses or something....
You guys must have been super duper rich.
I named my cat Elevensies when I was younger, although my dad wasn't at all involved except to point out that any cat named Elevensies was gonna get it's ass kicked by all the other cats in the neighborhood.
Battle of Evermore
Ramble On and Battle of Evermore
[Blind Guardian - Mirror Mirror](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1AfNOKQdY-U)
Burn the Fleet by Thrice. 
Perhaps too obviously LOTR themed, but I See Fire by Ed Sheeran is my favorite...
The Summoning and Battlelore are all based around Tolkien.  Blind Guardian, Falls of Rauros, and many other bands have LotR themed songs.
Blind Guardian-lord of the rings
People have mentioned Zeppelin here, but I feel like I have to mention "Bron-Yr-Aur". It sounds like something a hobbit would play. Or maybe an elf.
Eowyn and Merry killed the Witch-king.

The rest die when the Ring is destroyed.
I don't think Legolas killed one, but he got in a decent shot from his boat on the River Anduin with the help of Elbereth, and likely killed the foul winged steed:

*`_Elbereth Gilthoniel!_' sighed Legolas as he looked up. Even as he did so, a dark shape, like a cloud and yet not a cloud, for it moved far more swiftly, came out of the blackness in the South, and sped towards the Company, blotting out all light as it approached. Soon it appeared as a great winged creature, blacker than the pits in the night. Fierce voices rose up to greet it from across the water. Frodo felt a sudden chill running through him and clutching at his heart; there was a deadly cold, like the memory of an old wound, in his shoulder. He crouched down, as if to hide.*

*Suddenly the great bow of Lórien sang. Shrill went the arrow from the elven-string. Frodo looked up. Almost above him the winged shape swerved. There was a harsh croaking scream, as it fell out of the air, vanishing down into the gloom of the eastern shore. The sky was clean again. There was a tumult of many voices far away, cursing and wailing in the darkness, and then silence. Neither shaft nor cry came again from the east that night.*
There are various encounters with the Ringwraiths in the books. One can even go back thousands of years ago to spot them. Such as when the Witch-king drove **King Arvedui** from Fornost to the North Downs in Third Age 1974. Aragorn tells the Hobbits that the **Nine** are averse to fire.

> Sauron can put fire to his evil uses, as he can all things, but these Riders do not love it, and fear those who wield it. [A Knife in the Dark]

They are also averse to water and sunlight.

> All except the Witch-king were apt to stray when alone by daylight; and all, again save the Witch-king, feared water, and were unwilling, except in dire need, to enter it or to cross streams unless dryshod by a bridge. [The Hunt for the Ring]

There are three examples of fire and water being used against the Nazgûl. In the one instance Aragorn fends five of them off with fire.

> Even as he swooned he caught, as through a swirling mist, a glimpse of Strider leaping out of the darkness with a flaming brand of wood in either hand. [A Knife in the Dark]

Gandalf fought with four of them at Weathertop and used fire against them. You will see how even the Sun comes into play before the nighttime battle.

> They drew away from me, for they felt the coming of my anger and they dared not face it while the Sun was in the sky. But they closed round at night, and I was besieged on the hilltop, in the old ring of Amon Sûl. I was hard put to it indeed: such light and flame cannot have been seen on Weathertop since the war-beacons of old. At sunrise I escaped and fled towards the north. [The Council of Elrond]

At the Ford of Bruinen only three of the **Nine** crossed into the Ford, while the other six stayed behind. They are reluctant to cross bodies of water.

> The three Riders that were still in the midst of the Ford were overwhelmed; [Flight to the Ford]

In this case both fire and water were used as the remaining Nazgûl were forced back into the flood by the torches the Hobbits and Aragorn were wielding.

> the Riders hesitated on the shore... small shadowy forms waving flames, that flared red in the grey mist... The black horses were filled with madness, and leaping forward in terror they bore their riders into the rushing flood. [Flight to the Ford]

Merry and Éowyn brought down the Witch-king, the leader of the Nazgûl, at the **Battle of the Pelennor Fields** with different weapons that were both destroyed after they pierced him.

> Merry's sword had stabbed him from behind, shearing through the black mantle, and passing up behind the hauberk had pierced the sinew behind his mighty knee... Then tottering, struggling up, with her last strength she drove her sword between crown and mantle, as the great shoulders bowed before her. The sword broke sparkling into many shards. [The Battle of the Pelennor Fields]

**Bromoir l** was a Dúnadan who the Witch-king was scared of. He fought with the Nazgûl to regain Ithilien which was overrun by Orcs from Mordor in Third Age 2475. He died several years later after "*he became shrunken with pain*" [The Stewards] by a **Morgul-wound**. Before that **Eärnur** was sent too late to aid the people of Arthedain and he encountered the Witch-king whose forces were destroyed at the **Battle of Fornost** in 1975. Eärnur is killed by the Witch-king 75 year later when he takes up the Witch-king's challenge and rides out to Minas Morgul with an escort of knights. He was likely taken and tortured to death.

The best way to deal with them was the same as with Sauron, destroy the One, "*The power of their master is in them, and they stand or fall by him*." [The Ring Goes South] When Gollum toppled into the fire of **Orodruin** they are destroyed as the **One** is unmade;

> into the heart of the storm, with a cry that pierced all other sounds, tearing the clouds asunder, the Nazgûl came, shooting like flaming bolts, as caught in the fiery ruin of hill and sky they crackled, withered, and went out. [Mount Doom]

I do not think the Nazgûl are invincible to weapons. Morgoth was not, Sauron was not. They could be pierced, maimed, and hurt by weapons. During the **Siege of Gondor** it is noted that the Witch-king had been wary of missles in the field.

> Over the hills of slain a hideous shape appeared: a horseman, tall, hooded, cloaked in black. Slowly, trampling the fallen, he rode forth, heeding no longer any dart. He halted and held up a long pale sword. And as he did so a great fear fell upon all, defender and foe alike; and the hands of men dropped to their sides, and no bows sang. For a moment all was still. [The Siege of Gondor] 
Nazgûl. It's Nazgûl.
Look up the Company Fell and Fair. They make extremely high quality LOTR costumes. Not sure if they have any elven costumes, but I know they have Ranger outfits, and the Third Age Gondorian Soldier uniforms. Look for them on Instagram, I don't think they have a website yet. Pretty new company.
Sauron was the most powerful of Morgoth's servants and was mighty among the people of Aulë. I'm not sure if he was one of the mightiest of the Maiar, but it does seem possible.

The **Three Rings** were not weapons, but perhaps they could to some degree be wielded as such, but that was not their primary function. The following quote may be an example of the Ring **Vilya** used in such a manner.

> The river of this valley is under his power, and it will rise in anger when he has great need to bar the Ford. As soon as the captain of the Ringwraiths rode into the water the flood was released. [Many Meetings]

They were meant to stay time, or rather preserve things in a land of waning. To bring to Middle-earth Aman, and to preserve the bodies of the Elves. They were aware of the fading that occurred where their bodies were growing weak and breaking down perhaps because of the taint of Melkor. This was a dual function of the Three.

I think Galadriel could have beaten a fully powered Maia had she engaged in combat with one. There are examples of this happening. **Glorfindel** beat a Maia (Balrog), **Ecthelion** beat a Maia (Gothmog, a Balrog). Obviously both died in the end too. The same thing with **Gil-galad**. He with the Dúnadan **Elendil** beat Sauron, but Sauron burned Gil-galad to death. There are three examples there alone. Galadriel, like Fëanor was a bit stronger than normal. She was almost the female version of him in might. What is known of Fëanor is that he stood alone at one point and fought long and hard against several Balrogs until he was struck down. So that's one Elf, albiet the mightiest, fighting multiple Maiar (Balrogs), yet he did not beat any of them. 

**Námo** claims that Fëanor would not even be able to match a Vala in might were he three times the Elf he currently was.

> none of the Valar canst thou overcome now or ever within the halls of Eä, not though Eru whom though namest had made thee thrice greater than though art. [Of the Flight of the Noldor]

Galadriel had been described as a match for the **loremasters** in Valinor, "*a match for both the loremasters and the athletes of the Eldar in the days of their youth*." (The History of Galadriel and Celeborn) To me this means she was quite capable of hand-to-hand combat, or of fighting with weapons, to go along with her booksmarts so to say.

> Nor were the 'loremasters' a seperate *guild of gentle scribes*, soon *burned by the Orks of Angband upon pyres of books*. They *were mostly even as Fëanor*, the greatest, kings, princes and warriors, such *as the valiant captains of Gondolin*, or Finrod of Nargothrond and Rodothir his kinsman and steward. [Shibboleth of Fëanor; Note 23]

It should be noted that Elven men and women may have generally had different inclinations but "*there was less difference in strength and speed between elven-men and elven-women that had not borne child than is seen among mortals*." (Of the Laws and Customs Among the Eldar) So yes it is possible that an Elf such as Galadriel could beat Sauron in combat, as I've shown with previous examples of Elf/Maia battles. Maiar were mightier than Elves inherently, just as the Valar were mightier than the Maiar. Yet even so these distinctions do bleed through. Take Fëanor in Aman using the power of his voice;

> the voice of Fëanor grew so great and so potent that even the herald of the Valar bowed before him as one full-answered, and departed; and the Noldor were overruled. [Of the Flight of the Noldor]

His voice affected the Noldor and a Maia. 

There are several other encounters that I'll mention. **Fingolfin** fought the Vala Morgoth and though he came out like a firebrand and wounded Morgoth several times, he was eventually pounded into the dust. This is at a point in time where there are some who assume Morgoth was less powerful than Sauron, a Maia, because of a text that says that Sauron was "*greater, effectively*" in the Second Age than his master was at the end of the First Age. This is a bad reading imo since this has less to do with a measurement of potency and a comparison thereof, than of the faults of Morgoth's inclinations compared to the much less powerful Sauron. Morgoth was described as a titan at the end of the First Age, but also as a shell (looking like that piece of Voldemort's soul Harry saw under the subway seat in his vision) of his former might. I argue that Morgoth as a shell of himself, even 90% less strong than he was at his prime, was still a Vala level Ainu.

**Lúthien** and **Beren** in Morgoth's dungeons put a bunch of Ainur to sleep, the last, biggest, and strongest of them all, Morgoth, topples to the ground like a huge avalanche off of a mountain. This was not necessarily a battle, but Lúthien did promptly get into her gospel song after Morgoth stripped them of their disguises. Finally there is the **Finrod** and Sauron rap battle where Finrod eventually fell to Sauron and he then stripped him and his companions of their disguises and threw them in jail. Sauron kept Finrod for last in the dungeons because he figured he was some mighty prince of the Noldor who he could not pin a name to.
I don't have a source but I read a response by another redditor a few days ago that explained that Gandalf was the only one who could've stood a chance against Sauron.  So that would mean Gandalf > Sauron > Galadrial.  Not sure where Saruman would fall.
Apples and oranges, as far as I'm aware. Absolutely no chance a Maia would lose to an Eldar even with one of the Elven rings. Considering Sauron and Gandalf are of similar descent, I would assume Sauron would be more powerful given Ages of war as opposed to Gandalf's more verbal approach to resolving matters.

Gandalf with the ring of fire, though, would reasonably beat a weakened Sauron. Galadriel, no shot -- I feel like you're using a movie perspective which is inherently flawed.
Sorry but Sauron kicks her ass for sure. Not even close IMHO.
Maybe try sharing this on the other subreddits. If this guy likes the books as much as he says then I'm sure the other subs won't mind.
I shouldn't have to say this again, but apparently I have to say this again: *No politics*. Keep it out of this sub. 

Edit: The guy is wearing a pin you can barely see. That doesn't make this a political post, so there's nothing wrong with the post. If you can't refrain from making comments that don't belong here, we have solutions for that. 
BOARDER
There was any doubt of his hobbityness?
Fun story, my sister met Sean Astin in Boston while he was in town dropping off his daughter at college. She said he is a super grounded and down to earth guy. He even gave her his number and his daughter's number. My sister refuses to give me his number, but she did save it.
That picture looks like it was taken at Belt's Soft Serve in Stevens Point, WI
Wheez the Juice...
He's wearing glasses now.. To show that time has passed. 
Nice try Gold Key Motors. 
how does that stand up?
RUDY! RUDY! RUDY!
It looks heavy.
Went to this guy's Q&A at a local con. He's a really powerful speaker while being super chill about it. Interestingly his health is his number one priority; he was talking about how depressed he was while filming LOTR because of how much weight he had to gain. While he was here he went and joined a bunch of locals for a night jog in the city. Awesome guy. 
Was so disappointed he was in my town, and didn't get to meet him.
Ice cram is my addiction I could eat that in 2-3 min flat...
He is making me feel old
[removed]
Belts
That was his second breakfast.
icecream and second icecream...
They call that the Isengard
[removed]
[removed]
He actually looks Mormon
I guess that makes me part hobbit as well.
That's more than a pint.  Closer to a quart.
ICE CREAM...OES!
That cone is actually only 1" tall
This makes me want to get Instagram just to follow him. 
With a high enough fstop, holding it towards the lens, you too can do this with any softserve cone
Honestly, having read the books before any of the films came out, Sean Astin came as close to what I pictured the hobbits as, both in looks and mannerisms, as anyone could: a bit stout but not overly chubby, affable and cheerful, fond of food and drink, and a little bit mischievous when the situation allowed.
*They're taking the Robbins to Isengard...*
boarder
He came to speak at UGA while I was a freshman. A bunch of us went out later, and met up with some older students who had just come from our local strip club. They said SA was just there chilling by himself, and that it seemed like he gave zero fucks about it. Seems like a pretty cool guy.
[removed]
I don't know if hobbits run marathons very often. He'll be running in Portland soon!
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
Looks like he's gotten out of shape since he did that ironman a couple years back. 
Belongs in /r/lotrmemes but I've had an awful day and this really made me laugh so thank you.
Mostly just his gardner. Many people don't realize (largely because the movies don't really show it) that each of the hobbits are aristocrats. Except for Sam. Frodo, Merry, and Pippin each come from upperclass, almost noble families in the Shire. Sam is more of a commoner, and therefore didn't have as much in common with the other three. 
 
Sam calls him master because Frodo is his employer. 
They were on friendly terms but still conscious of the status difference between them. Frodo was wealthy upper class (thanks to being taken in by Bilbo) while Sam was working class. This all comes out of old English traditions. Frodo and Sam's relationship I believe is somewhat inspired by the traditional relationship between an English officer and his "batman" or personal valet. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Batman_(military)
Great answers here. It's so wonderful to watch their friendship grow throughout the story. One of the greatest "bromances" out there, if you'll forgive the colloquialism. 
>Were Frodo and Sam friends before they began their journey away from the shire.

They were most certainly friendly and on very good terms, but Frodo's closest friends before the Quest were Merry, Pippin, and Fredregar. Sam was first and foremost his gardener, but that is not to say that they didn't like one another.

>And why does sam call frodo his master?

Because Frodo *is* his master. He is in the employ of Mr. Frodo. I think the use of the word "master", rather than "sir" or something equatable, derives chiefly from the antiquated tendencies of hobbits.
Master was basically calling someone mister or sir in the general time period lotr would have taken place in
In addition to the answers you have already, I'll just say that in that sort of military master/servant relationship there was often a big bond of trust and devotion (especially from the servant), which explains a little Sam's sometimes zealous attachment to Frodo.
Frodo, Merry and Pippin were counsins, and they were all from important families (the Bagginses, the Tooks, the Brandybucks). Sam was not from an important family, and he was Frodo's gardener. Now Frodo, and Bilbo before him, were more egalitarian than the rest of the Shire, as it is mentioned early on that Bilbo treated the Gaffer with more respect than he necessarily had to, and Bilbo taught Sam his letters. Frodo also kicks Pippin for ordering Sam around.

However, there is also later on a chapter called *The Choices of Master Samwise*.

But basically the other hobbits were aristocrats, while Sam was a commoner. Merry and Pippin were as close to nobility as you could get in the Shire, and Frodo was closely related to both families. Sam is the only one who actually has a job.
The Hobbit is a story that is seperate from but linked to the Lord of the Rings. The Lord of the Rings is a specific telling of events that led to the destruction of the Ring that was found in The Hobbit.

The Simarillian is a collection of writing to include the creation of the Universe, the history of the Elves, some of the history of certain Men, the creation of the Ring, and some other happenings in the Middle Earth that are alluded to in The Lord of the Rings.

There are other collections of writings that add to parts of Middle Earth and some of the notable persons.

Nothing outside of The Lord of the Rings is as complete a narrative or written as a 6 book series (not a Trilogy).

If you read the Hobbit and The LotR, you have read what was intended to be published by JRR Tolkien. Everything else serves to tell us more about Tolkiens Middle Earth and it is all glorious and will add to your enjoyment of The Lord of the Rings if the writing appeals to you. Some of it is very stiff and some of it is brilliantly elegant, but it is inconsistent as it was never prepared by JRR for release. It is all edited by his son, Christopher.
https://www.reddit.com/r/lotr/comments/151jct/recommended_reading_for_tolkien_fans/

Don't worry about running out of epic and grasping Middle-earth books after finishing LotR and Hobbit, I liked Children of Hurin more than the Hobbit
I'll be the one to say it, Frodo never got married.
Haha
But... why does he have all ten fingers??
But... why does he have all ten fingers??
It is absolutely disgraceful how much they are charging for this. Such blatant money grabbing and not giving an absolute shit about what the fans can and cannot afford. I was so looking forward to this edition and when I saw this my heart sunk. I'm such a huge fan of the books and films and have pretty much everything Tolkien you could think but I will never buy this. 
It doesn't contain the documentaries? I wouldn't call this a "ultimate collection".
1. Technically, "mail" = "chain mail."  There is no such thing as "plate mail," it should be referred to as "plate armor" or simply "plate." Tolkien said "mail," and this means chain.  He didn't say "plate," "breastplate," "gorget," "rondel," or any of the other terms associated with plate armor.

2. It fits all the facts better.  Middle Earth seems to be in a perpetual Dark Ages, so far as tech is concerned.  True plate armor came later, around the same time as gunpowder weapons. The argument could be made for [lamellar](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lamellar_armour) or [scale](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scale_armour) armor, but neither of these seem to have been directly referenced--again, he said "mail," not "scales" or "rows of small metal plates."

Tolkien's most complete description of armor comes in *The Hobbit*, where he talks about the Dwarves of the Iron Hills. These are considered **very** heavily-armored for Middle-Earth:

>Each one of his folk was clad in a hauberk of steel mail that hung to his knees, and his legs were covered with hose of a fine and flexible metal mesh, the secret of whose making was possessed by Dain's people. 

A [hauberk](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hauberk) is not plate armor.  "Hose of fine and flexible metal mesh" is not plate armor.

If plate armor existed in Middle Earth, I would expect the Dwarves of the Iron Hills to be wearing it. 

They weren't.

Tolkien never talks about plate armor at all.  He keeps saying "mail."

And Tolkien, a historian and linguist, knew that "mail" means "chain mail."

TL;DR: There does not seem to be any reference to plate armor anywhere in Middle Earth.
Prince Imahril is described in return of the king as wearing vambraces, but it does not say if they were metal or leather. The haradrim and easterling are described as wearing overlaping brazen plates in the two towers but that could describe either scale armor aka scale mail or something lamellar like a roman lorica segmenta.
Don't take this the wrong way, but you look like an CGI character to me.
>There were ONLY 20 rings of power.

Not quite.

There were only 20 Rings of Power. (With Capital Letters)  Gandalf knew from Saruman that 19 of them were set with a gemstone.

But there were a metric shit-ton of "lesser" magic rings, which Saruman called "round and unadorned."

Gandalf thought that Bilbo had found one of these.

And that's kind of playing with fire for a hobbit, so he kept an eye on the little guy to make sure everything turned out okay.

It wasn't until the night of Bilbo's farewell birthday party that Gandalf realized things **weren't** turning out okay, and something really not cool was going on.
To recap what others said, we have one of two possibilities:

1. Gandalf didn't really know it was a Great Ring at first, and just thought it was one of the many miscellaneous Lesser Rings. I don't like this explanation because it seems to contradict one of his later quotes (*"I wondered often how Gollum came by a Great Ring, as plainly it was – that at least was clear from the first."*), but one could make the argument that when he said "that was clear from the first", he just meant, like, in hindsight. As in, *"Looking back, it's obvious it was a Great Ring, but I didn't really know it at the time."* Though to me that's a stretch and I'm not a fan of this explanation.

2. Gandalf knew it was a Great Ring but assumed it was one the Dwarven Rings. Now, it's true that the Dwarven Rings had all either been destroyed or reclaimed, and also that the main nineteen Great Rings are all adorned with jewels, and that only the One Ring and the Lesser Rings were plain. But, in all likelihood, Gandalf just didn't know these things at the time. Gandalf probably also underestimated the danger that even one of the Dwarven Rings would pose. This is the explanation that I find more likely, but really either one would work.

Remember that ringlore was primarily the domain of Saruman. Presumably, such knowledge of the nature of the Rings and what they looked like was exclusive to Saruman, Sauron, and *maybe* the likes of Galadriel and Elrond. It wasn't until his period of research in the seventeen years in between Bilbo's 111st birthday and Frodo's departure, behind Saruman's back, that Gandalf really began to learn more about the Rings and their fates. Though this does beg the question of *why* Gandalf decided to waste so much time without looking into these matters as soon as he arrived in Middle Earth... But again, such questions were under Saruman's jurisdiction, and it wasn't until later that Gandalf began to mistrust Saruman.

**All of that said**, I would add to this another thing that Gandalf mentioned to Frodo. When Frodo asks whether Grandalf will make him give up the Ring or something, Gandalf responds:

>*I could not "make" you - except by force, which would break your mind.*

So, *even if* Gandalf knew right from the start that this was the One Ring (he didn't, but still), there's really not much he could do about it if he cared about sparing Bilbo. Gandalf *strongly discouraged* Bilbo from using the Ring except in dire situations, but beyond that, there's not much he can do but watch and wait. Taking drastic measure would probably result in Bilbo losing his mind and/or life, and, if he thought that the Ring was just a Lesser Ring or maybe one of the Dwarven Rings anyway, it wasn't worth the risk; discouraging Bilbo from using it too often was probably enough.
All three (Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli) were given armor by Théoden in Edoras prior to setting out for Helm's Deep:

>Now men came bearing raiment of war from the king's hoard and they arrayed Aragorn and Legolas in shining mail. Helms too they chose, and round shields: their bosses were overlaid with gold and set with gems, green and red and white. Gandalf took no armour; and Gimli needed no coat of rings, even if one had been found to match his stature, for there was no hauberk in the hoards of Edoras of better make than his short corslet forged beneath the Mountain in the North. But he chose a cap of iron and leather that fitted well upon his round head; and a small shield he also took. It bore the running horse, white upon green, that was the emblem of the House of Eorl.

Legolas had a mail coat, a helm and a round shield. He also had his knife, bow and quiver from Lothlórien.
Manwe created them when Arda was populated with creatures, but to serve him, like maiar in a way, and immortal, but not created by illúvatar himself. Thorondor lived on the Pelori Mountains, but his descendants lived in the Eagle's Eyrie in the Misty Mountains and served Radagast, Gandalf, and the elves of Rivendell :)
They're a Deus ex Machina!
It always feels a little forced when he does this, but I don't mind it because I hope that a fan of his will fall in love with Tolkien beyond the movies in an effort to understand what Colbert is talking about.
The Silmarillion is a tough read if you aren't an avid reader.  I love it, but only after reading it several times.  It reads like the Bible, deliberately archaic, and with little attempt to draw in the casual reader.

The Hobbit was designed to be read to children.  But it has humor in it that's aimed at adults.  It's the easiest and quickest read and you might consider reading it first -- it was published first, after all.  It's very different from the movies.

The Lord of the Rings is a beautiful balance between The Hobbit and The Silmarillion.  Tolkien intended to merely write a sequel to The Hobbit, for children, but he kept letting The Silmarillion leak into the book until he had something far too complex and massive for most children -- and yet far more relatable than The Silmarillion.  It's really for adults, but still has much of the appeal and innocence of a great children's book.

The Lord of the Rings is written in six books -- the division into three volumes (The Fellowship of the Ring, the Two Towers, and The Return of the King) is arbitrary.  Book One still has the flavor of The Hobbit, a book for children, including the controversial character Tom Bombadil, who rubs some readers the wrong way.  The main action of the series really starts in Book Two and continues through the beginning chapters of Book Six.  Then there are several chapters about the aftermath.  

If you saw the movies, you missed much of Books One and Six, which were cut.  But the movies also had a very different pacing from the books, much faster, more constant action.  The books can gloss over fighting that is highlighted in the movies, and can dwell on such details as food and drink and song and stories that are cut to a minimum in the movies.

There is also a Prologue and several Appendices which you can skip if you want to shorten your reading.  They provide background but are not necessary to the story.
Just finishing my first read through the LOTR and read the Silmarillion and Unfinished Tales in the past months. 

The answer from /u/wjbc is spot on.
 If any advice I can add to it is that they are going to be boring at parts. Very dense and slow. Tolkien spends paragraphs describing the scenery of the journey. So prepare to persist through slow chapters.

It's written in POV of the Hobbits in the Fellowship and then in the Two Towers and Return of the King you get Aragorns POV. 

Understanding the POV helps you understand what you will know as a reader and what will remain in the dark. Some action scenes that are in the movie are simply implied based off of what characters hear or possibly see.

You will have to stretch your imagination to get the big picture. These sound like "problems", but in actuality it makes for an amazing read and makes you want more from the world that Tolkien creates. Godspeed friend.
I'm not sure what you should expect, but reading you'll find what you get. Such as Gimli's grief with memory;

> Memory is not what the heart desires. *That is only a mirror*, be it clear as Kheled-zâram. (Farewell to Lórien)

These are some of the emotions felt at the inevitable passing away of the Elder Children of Eru.
I've heard a lot of people say that they couldn't get through the books, but I've never heard anyone say that they didn't like them after having finished them. It's a wonderful story, you'll be glad you read them. 
 
I also want to add that if you decide, after reading them, that you want more of the lore, I would suggest starting with the appendix to the Return of The King. It's filled with background info and additional lore, but it's much less dense and grueling than the Silmarillion. It tells all about the fate of each member of the fellowship after the story, gives detail about the love story between Aragorn and Arwen, and even sheds light on the history of Gondor and Rohan and the other kingdoms. It's awesome. 
One recommendation - pick up [The Atlas of Middle Earth](https://www.amazon.com/Atlas-Middle-Earth-Revised-Karen-Fonstad/dp/0618126996) and keep it handy as you read either The Hobbit or LotR. She has chapters that trace the journeys across multiple maps. Very helpful for keeping track of everyone's location at any given time. 

Beyond its utility, it's a masterpiece for any Tolkien fan or one who shares Bilbo's love of maps!
The key to reading the LOTR books is that you can't read them from the perspective that you, the reader, are experiencing these events exactly as the characters experience them. Instead, the best way is to approach the story is as if you're reading an epic myth, where your perspective as the reader is far removed, by both time and translation, from the action of the story. Like The Iliad.
/r/tolkienfans
Here.  Just post a list.
If you're looking for quick and ELI5 answers about the LOTR lore, this is the place to post them. 
 
If you are looking for more in-depth and complex responses about anything Tolkien, then r/Tolkienfans would be the place. 
What needs explanation? Your question is kind of vague. 
In what way is it “fucked?” Plz explain.
Theoden became king after death of his father Thengel. Theoden had one son Theodred, his rightful heir, who died fighting orcs of Isengard. Before Theoden died on the Fields of the Pelennor, he named Éomer his heir. So after his death Eomer became King of Rohan.
http://middle-earthencyclopedia.weebly.com/uploads/3/8/2/9/3829140/1636539.png?350
I think I'm in love...
oh my good lord. These are the most beautiful nails I have ever laid eyes on!!
that's SO cool!
http://www.nailingtons.com/middle-earth-map-nail-art-tutorial/
On my bucket list is [Mont Saint-Michel](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mont_Saint-Michel) in northwestern France, which is said to be the inspiration behind Minas Tirith.
[Lauterbrunnen](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lauterbrunnen) in Switzerland was the inspiration for Tolkien's art of Rivendell.
I think B4ME was the best, but B4ME2 had some awesome features - create-a-hero was always fun, and War of the Ring was absolutely brilliant
This is one of those games that once every year or so I still load it back up and play it solid for a week or more. It's just so easy to get into and a lot of fun. The hero (and unit) levelling is so awesome and rewarding while playing too.
Actually there already is a HUGE mod for B4ME 2 which is totally like a new game and closer to B4ME 1 than to the sequel in term of game-mechanics. Its called Edain mod and its already in its 4th version and then developpers are working and updating it actively for about 5-7 years now. Its more like a new game of the series than like a mod because its that big.
I wasn't really a computer gamer, but I remember playing this game so much in high school. It was so fun to play as Gondor
Holy shit yes. This is my favorite game of all time, I played this so much growing up. I'll definitely be following this project.
Oh crap B4ME was the one where you could make the swordsmen stand around the archers, making one large unit instead of 2 small ones right?
If only Total War would do a LotR version!
BFME was great but man I feel like Shadows of Mordor surpassed it. 
Both BFME and BFME2 are awesome! I have them both installed, but I usually play BFME2 (with ROTWK) because of the Edain Mod!
BFME introduced me to mapping and modding which led me into game programming - the most influential game of my life!
Thanks for posting this. I play BFME 2 every once in a while when I get the urge. Haven't played the original in a long time, but now I'm going to have to! 
War in the north would easily take my vote, but it felt like the development was cut short. Still, amazing gameplay
Yes yes yes! Oh God YES!! 
I loved this game when it originally came out on PC and since I've moved and had many new systems I've lost the game and I've always wanted to go back and play it, hopefully this will feed my appetite. 
BFME is one of my all time favourite games, I still have all 3 installed on my laptop
Any rebalancing? The Mordor faction is hilariously bad compared to the other three.
Lego LOTR is my all time favourite LOTR game. I can't explain it. 
Don't currently have the time to watch all of those demo videos, what exactly is so different in the game (beside the one obvious thing: no UI)?


This looks awesome, but I can't ever get myself to play RTS games for extended periods of time. After total war, all the armies just look small and meaningless, compared to the colossal battalions featured in total war.
Thank you!! Have been trying to get to work online for quite some time now since my laptop no longer supports dvds
Oh fuck yeah! I lost my hard copy if the game when I moved to Melbourne and they're super expensive on ebay and i don't trust myself to download it. This is awesome thank you so much!
The development forums are found here: https://forums.revora.net/forum/2664-bfmeclassic-edition/

I've been watching this mod for a while and I am super excited! =D

P.S. If you want online play then search for T3A:Online, it returns the online functionality.
Any idea where it will be found when he finishes?
Anyone interested in good mods check out Ruudevil's YouTube channel. He plays loads of different mods of bfme2!
* [automagic playlist for media](http://radd.it/r/lotr/comments/4zcgnr) in this post  


*^Comment ^will ^update ^with ^media ^shared ^in ^comments.*  
*^Downvote ^if ^unwanted, ^self-deletes ^if ^score ^is ^less ^than ^0.*  
[^about ^this ^bot](/1vjdw9) ^| [^recent ^playlists](/r/radditplaylists) ^| [^plugins ^that ^interfere](/1m21ku)
Theres a bfme 2 mod that already exists. I wouldn't waste your time
[deleted]
Don't tell the oldfag about this
Was hoping he'd toss him into something
First off, Balin and his company would have entered through the East Gate which was not protected by a secret Dwarvish door. Secondly, the password for the door would not have been common knowledge as Moria had been abandoned for centuries and centuries, and Gimli would not have been expected to know an Elvish word let alone figure out it was a riddle of sorts.

Thirdly, it wasn't really Balin's "city" as the expedition sent there to reclaim it was small and couldn't really be considered conquered. Fourthly, word wouldn't have spread because there were no survivors from the expedition, and the Dwarves of the Lonely Mountain had sent no messengers or expeditions to discover what had happened, though they feared the worst.

Gandalf didn't know full well what happened, but had his own fears, as much of the Misty Mountains were inhabited by Orcs and Moria was no exception.
In regards to not knowing the password, wasn't the door a secret entrance? I'm guessing Gimli only ever visited during (mostly) peaceful times, if he had ever visited at all, so there was no need for him to use the secret entrance or know the password.

I've always thought Gandalf's fear was more of a sense of foreboding rather than knowing for sure. I almost get the impression he sensed the Balrog rather than the goblins.

In regards to the word being spread, remember that dwarfs were always very private and obsessed with gold and riches. It would be pretty standard to not hear from them for decades at a time as they explored a new seam.
>Why doesn't Gimli know the password for his cousins underground city...

The Dwarves fled Moria centuries ago, and the password had been forgotten.

>...and why doesn't he know what happened down there whereas Gandolf seems to know full well.

Nobody knows what happened.  Balin was trying to reestablish a Dwarven kingdom, and they lost contact with his colony years ago.  Gandaf doesn't know either...but he *suspects*.
Whoops
I know this doesn't really fit the criterium of a "quote", but it's my all time favorite literary passage. No matter how many times I read the books, I always feel overwhelmed with emotions when I reach this part.

*In rode the Lord of the Nazgûl. A great black shape against the fires beyond he loomed up, grown to a vast menace of despair. In rode the Lord of the Nazgûl, under the archway that no enemy ever yet had passed, and all fled before his face.*


*All save one. There waiting, silent and still in the space before the Gate, sat Gandalf upon Shadowfax: Shadowfax who alone among the free horses of the earth endured the terror, unmoving, steadfast as a graven image in Rath Dínen.*


*"You cannot enter here," said Gandalf, and the huge shadow halted. "Go back to the abyss prepared for you! Go back! Fall into the nothingness that awaits you and your Master. Go!"
The Black Rider flung back his hood, and behold! he had a kingly crown; and yet upon no head visible was it set. The red fires shone between it and the mantled shoulders vast and dark. From a mouth unseen there came a deadly laughter.
"Old fool!" he said. "Old fool! This is my hour. Do you not know Death when you see it? Die now and curse in vain!" And with that he lifted high his sword and flames ran down the blade.*


*And in that very moment, away behind in some courtyard of the city, a cock crowed. Shrill and clear he crowed, recking nothing of war nor of wizardry, welcoming only the morning that in the sky far above the shadows of death was coming with the dawn.
And as if in answer there came from far away another note. Horns, horns, horns, in dark Mindolluin's sides they dimly echoed. Great horns of the north wildly blowing. Rohan had come at last.*
Not all those who wander are lost. Probably a common choice, and for good reason.
He knew the dark under the stars when it was fearless

"Suddenly the king cried to Snowmane and the horse sprang away. Behind him his banner blew in the wind, white horse upon a field of green, but he outpaced it. After him thundered the knights of his house, but he was ever before them. Éomer rode there, the white horsetail on his helm floating in his speed, and the front of the first éored roared like a breaker foaming to the shore, but Théoden could not be overtaken. Fey he seemed, for the battle-fury of his fathers ran like new fire in his veins, and he was borne up on Snowmane like a god of old, even as Oromë the Great in the battle of the Valar when the world was young. His golden shield was uncovered, and lo! it shone like an image of the Sun, and the grass flamed into green about the white feet of his steed. For morning came, morning and a wind from the sea; and the darkness was removed, and the hosts of Mordor wailed, and terror took them, and they fled, and died, and the hoofs of wrath rode over them. And then all the host of Rohan burst into song, and they sang as they slew, for the joy of battle was on them, and the sound of their singing that was fair and terrible came even to the City."
"At Bilbo’s front door the old man began to unload"

For some reason every time I read that line, I imagine Gandalf pulling an AK-47 out from his hat and just going nuts. No idea why, just this silly thought I have every time I read it. 
Can't choose a favorite, that's impossible, but this one came to mind first

> I am a servant of the Secret Fire, wielder of the flame of Anor. You cannot pass. The dark fire will not avail you, flame of Udûn.
The description of Treebeard's eyes.  
  
> “One felt as if there was an enormous well behind them, filled up with ages of memory and long, slow, steady thinking; but their surface was sparkling with the present: like sun shimmering on the outer leaves of a vast tree, or on the ripples of a very deep lake. I don’t know, but it felt as if something that grew in the ground – asleep, you might say, or just feeling itself as something between root-tip and leaf-tip, between deep earth and sky had suddenly waked up, and was considering you with the same slow care that it had given to its own inside affairs for endless years.”
One that I love from the Hobbit:

*At last they came up the long road, and reached the very pass where the goblins had captured them before. But they came to that high point at morning, and looking backwards they saw a white sun shining over the outstretched lands. There far away was the Lonely Mountain on the edge of eyesight. On its highest peak snow yet unmelted was gleaming pale. "So comes snow after fire, and even dragons have their ending!" said Bilbo, and he turned his back on his adventure.*
Pretty minor, but I love it. I can just hear the soundtrack swelling valiantly as thought it were included in the film.

"Yes," said Aragorn, "we shall all need the endurance of Dwarves. But come! With hope or without hope we will follow the trail of our enemies. And woe to them if we prove the swifter! We will make such a chase as shall be accounted a marvel among the Three Kindreds: Elves, Dwarves, and men. Forth the Three Hunters!"
Sauron was never a "mortal" as he is a Maia. Maia have the innate ability to change forms, but the actions one takes in these forms and the power expended through them begun to shape it (thus he was eventually only able to take a terrible and evil form). Bht he appeared to the Elves as Annatar, who was said to be very fair. 
Le. Gem.
LE. FUCKING. GEM.


Unless I'm mistaken the Rob Inglis one is the only authorized one that is available.
I have two different ones.  One that reads it all and a dramatized version.  Both are pretty enjoyable.  
The phonology of Quenya was influenced by Finnish (with some Latin for parts of the grammar, from what I understand).

For Sindarin it was Welsh.

The Dwarven language, Khuzdul, was influenced by Semitic languages, but most of the Dwarven names in the book (Nori, Balin, Fili, etc.) as well as Gandalf are from a Norse edda.

Those names, along with the language of the Rohirrim that we see in the book is part of a translation conceit. Since the "common tongue" has been translated into modern English, he used other real languages to stand in for related languages. Rohirric is represented by Old English, for example ("Rohan" as a word is derived from Sindarin, though and its original form meaning "horse land" would have been "Rochand" where the 'ch' is like in Scottish "loch").

In one of the *HoMe* books we have a list of a lot of the initial word roots that he was working from. As an expert in languages, but also as somebody who was developing the languages based on his own aesthetic preferences, it wouldn't surprise me that he'd work from simple roots and arrive at short words that happen to sound similar to ones in other languages too (it was a curiosity to even him when a word that applied to Numenor as "the downfallen", "Atalantë", wound up being so close to "Atlantis"). I think it's interesting that there are so many matches within one other language, though, so thanks for posting!
Allegedly the ancient extinct language of Hurrian inspired the Black Speech of Mordor.  
Finnish and welsh were big influences on the elvish languages. Hebrew, which tolkien had studied alongside greek and latin in grammar school , was an influence on khuzdul though the names of the dwarves were germanic,and the rohhiric language was influenced by Anglo- saxon ana old english which tolkien taught.
About Rohan: there was the House of Rohan, nobles from Brittany (Bretagne) in France. The semi-legendary founder of Brittany is a certain Conan Meriadoc. Interesting when you think of the link between Rohan and Merry Brandybuck. The people of Rohan themselves, their names and language, are obviously Anglo-Saxon. The Riddermark for example. And for some reason Langstrand, which is not in Rohan at all.
I like that Orc-ish depiction of Sauron, it's unique, I usually see him depicted as either a handsome elf-like guy or wearing a bunch of bulky, pointy armour with his face covered. 
Can you link to some of Ryan Hayes' other works? These are beautiful!
Very beautiful! .. why the double chin on Varda :(
Ryan explains the visual style of Sauron:

"So I'm gonna have to do(illustrate) all his varied stages (which I have split into three main arcs): Mairon, Artano, and Sauron.﻿"
Wow, beautiful!
Ehhh... I don't get the double chins. Also, Sauron looks cool but not how described.
Id say Saurons ghost wanders middle-earth and does mildly inconvenient things to annoy people. Like tipping your beer mug a bit when you drink, so you spill some around your mouth. 
Regarding your first question, I'm sure I read somewhere once that Tolkein always hated his books being read allegorically, and that it wasn't a parallel to the rise of fascism, nor denouncing the evils of the industrial revolution. It was an effort to craft a new myth. 
there can be only one -_-
I think he goes into minds and turn men mad, into traitors and cowards.
Even the smallest shelf can change the course of the future
That's a lot of David Day you have there...
What edition is that full set on the right and where did you get it?
That doesn't *look* like $800.
Which edition of LOTR is that, between the Children of Hurin and the blu rays? I've been looking for those forever.
No Hobbit bluerays?  I know they could have been better, but I still enjoyed them.
Needs more Bored of the Rings...
Nice,  where did you get that Gandalf statue? 
Like Samwise the Brave!
What version is your Silmarillion? I've been looking for a nice hardcover copy.
I was going to curse because of no Silmarillion ... but I'm blind apparently
The hardback set on the far right is absolutely gorgeous. 
The Ring Verse itself is fairly evil. I would suggest getting another Tolkien quote tattooed. "Not all those who wander are lost" is a good one, or "All that is gold does not glitter" which is Tolkien's take on the popular phrase "All that glitters is not gold".

Or you could do something more obscure, like an excerpt from one of the songs he wrote for LotR.
That's great, glad you enjoyed it.

The audio book is nice because you don't get hung up with pronouncing the difficult words, which can be a turn-off even for someone who is strongly interested.
Fun
Neeeerds! /s
The execs at WB didn't think it would be a great investment to pay for documentaries that probably were going to discuss how WB screwed up The Hobbit. I think if anyone eventually does that it would have to be independently. 
This whole situation has made me so sad. 

Also, how does Peter Jackson asking for ANYTHING not get an immediate yes? His films made over $6 billion in box office alone, and much more in franchising. 

I'm basically just perma-shaking my head at this point. 
Haven't Warner Bros fucked PJ over enough? 
I'm not gonna buy the hobbit but I'm holding out hope for a UHD LOTR release. Even though that would require a lot of work re-rendering the CGI
fan edit incoming, the powers that be demand it!!

or else, there will be no more sunlight
They lowered the price from $899 to [$599.99](https://www.amazon.com/Middle-earth-Limited-Collectors-Blu-ray-DVD/dp/B01JH3KL0E) ... still ridiculous though 
We think he meant, "Don't just stand there gawping, you idiots. Get the fuck out of here!!"

He did *not*, in any way, shape, or form, mean, "Hitch a ride with the Eagles!"  
* "I am **flying** from deadly peril into deadly peril." -Gandalf

* "They are only waiting, because they think that their purpose is almost accomplished, and that the Ring cannot **fly** much further." -Gandalf

* "**Fly!** he called. **Fly!** -Glorfindel

* "It was answered; and to the dismay of Frodo and his friends out from the trees and rocks away on the left four other Riders came **flying**. Two rode towards Frodo" -Narrator

* "The Elves may fear the Dark Lord, and they may **fly** before him, but never again will they listen" -Gandalf

* "But when dark things come from the houseless hills, or creep from sunless woods, they **fly** from us." -Boromir

* "Gandalf is here. **Fly**, if you value your foul skin! I will shrivel you from tail to snout, if you come within this ring." -Gandalf

* "The passage on this side plunges straight down a stair: it plainly does not lead back towards the hall. But it is no good **flying** blindly this way with the pursuit just behind." -Aragorn

* "The Company retreated to the other side of the chamber. But they had no chance to **fly** yet." -Narrator

* "Gandalf came **flying** down the steps and fell to the ground" -Narrator

* "Even as Aragorn and Boromir came **flying** back, the rest of the bridge cracked and fell." -Narrator

* "She seemed to be looking inside me and asking me what I would do if she gave me the chance of **flying** back home to the Shire" -Sam

These are just from FOTR. People who think "fly" has something to do with eagles haven't paid attention to Tolkien's writing style.


Fly is an older way of saying escape/run, no? 
It's not really an "interpretable" statement. It means one thing and one thing only... *"run away"*.

People who don't know much about Tolkien like to propound that it references using the Eagles, but this has been demonstrably proven wrong time and time again.
Gandalf's fight scene with the balrog should have had the DOOM theme blasting in the background.
He actually said fly you fools. He was advising them on what to with potatoes.
I'm still debating whether he meant to get the fudge out of here, or to get a ride with the eagles.
I love the dwarf bookends lol
Can you please tell me where you got that absolutely sweet black Lord of the Rings copy on the left side of the shelf? 

Goddamn, that's a great collection!
Can you provide a link to the book ends? They are pretty BA
Which books have you read? I have s similar collection but have only read: the hobbit, lotr, silmarillion and unfinished tales. Planning on reading the other middle earth books.
If you haven't read the books, Boromir is far more noble and fleshed out than in the movies. (Although Sean Bean was a terrific choice and nailed what he was given)
One of the big differences, I think, was the way Boromir reacted when he attacked Frodo for taking away the ring.

In the movie he sounded insincere when he said "it's ok Frodo, come back, I won't hurt you" as if he was just saying that to get the ring back.

But in the book there's inner monologue, the reader hears Boromir's thoughts and conflict. He realizes his actions weren't his own, knows the ring was manipulating him, and he regrets attacking Frodo. That didn't really make it into the movie.
I agree.  Borimir is a true hero.  Even the greatest of men can succumb to the power on the one ring.
Even in the books, the reader learns how big of a deal Boromir was long after he died.

People in Gondor often react "oh wow, you traveled with THE Boromir, he's a freakin legend"
> "Speak 'I do' and enter - into the holy bonds of matrimony," Mr. McKellan was reported to have said to the happy couple. Afterwards, "Kiss, you fools!"

Yeah, I guess it's a good thing he didn't!
That's *Sir* Ian McKellen.
I respect that.
'And now, by the powers invested in me by New Line Cinema and Wingnut Films, I now pronounce you Man and Wife.'
A $7 Million LOTR themed wedding? Not quite Great Gatsby themed wedding levels of irony, but still...
I can't figure out what's crazier...wanting to have Gandalf officiate your wedding, or offering someone a million pounds to be Gandalf to officiate your wedding.
On one hand, I respect that, but, on the other, just do it and then donate the money to a charity or something of the like.
By Gil-galad's spear, what a savings!
There goes my dreams...
"Fool of a [McKellen]!"
Good on him. Actors don't just exist to cater to people who enjoy their most popular character from years before. It's not like Ian mckellen is Gandalf.
It must be nice to be in a place where one can turn down $1.5m for a half a days work to be dressed in a costume.  
That sucks man, that would've been so awesome for the people getting married.
I bet he'd do it for 5 million. I for one would do it for free
It's pretty demoralizing having a dream you never realized you had presented to you and having that dream crushed simultaneously.
i wish I could have seen the billionaire tantrum when he could not get his way.
All I can picture now is Sir Ian McKellen doing it on a white horse. Shadow Modem.
That is just insulting. Offering an older actor to show up dressed as a wizard to your wedding, have all the guests laugh their asses off repeatedly asking him to quote film lines. I mean come on....

edit: Downvote all you want, it is still insulting and I'm pretty sure he doesn't need the money. Ask RDJ if he'd show up at your wedding dressed up as Iron Man for 1.5 mil and try to guess what his response would be.
So I guess the answer to the Beatles' question "What would you do if I sang out of tune?" is "Bind you with a massive chain for a couple of ages of the world."
Like Hitler didn't get into art-school
No idea when 4th grade is, in the Netherlands we have a different school system. But I think I read the LotR books when I was around 9 years old. I only read the Hobbit when I was 16 I think. Children of Hurin and the Silmarillion when I was 18. 
Read the hobbit in maybe 4th or 5th grade. couldn't get into fellowship until I tried again in freshman year of highschool.

that's why I always stress to new readers that fotr becomes more interesting after the first half (on a first reading!).
Yes, I read the hobbit in grade 3 or 4 (age 9 or 10) and then LoTR when I was my first year of high school (age 15). This was in the 70s, and I am pretty sure I was the only person in my school who read it. 
The Hobbit when I was 6. The LOTR when I was 8. I didn't realize the Silmarillion existed until I was 12.

I had an early introduction to Greek and Roman mythology (my parent's well-placed insistence) that allowed me to quickly love the Hobbit. 

Side note: I also wrote my first LOTR fan-fiction at 12. It wasn't very good but it just goes to show how inspiring the books can be for young minds. 
Read the LotR in high school .. I think freshman year? So about 13 years old. 
I read the Hobbit and LOTR in 3rd grade, so I was 8 or 9.
I tried reading lotr in 4th grade. I'm 22 and just reading them for the first time and I actually understand what's going on. I read the silmarillion and unfinished tales last year so that was definitely a accomplishment.
You're going to want to read the Silmarillion for that. It's basically a history lesson of how everything started and how everything came to be.

In terms of your question, Eru's plan was to create 2 races, Elves and Men. Elves were, in a way, beings made in the image of the Valar; Men were Eru's favorite "children" however, he gave them a gift (mortality) that he did not give the Elves. The purpose of the gift was to allow Men to enjoy their lives more, because they will some day die. This meant that in certain situations they prove to be   the better race. When their world is threatened by the likes of Sauron and Melkor, it is the fact that they can lose everything that drives them to fight for their freedom. Elves on the other hand don't have this same passion, as can be seen from parts of Lord of the Rings. They feel their connection to Middle-Earth fading and that is why they slowly depart the lands and go to Valinor.

I can go more on the premise of Men but I do no justice when it comes to Tolkien.
Sounds like you need to read The Silmarillion - it explains all of that.

.

Arda is the name of the world, and is called the Earth interchangeably. Arda consists of Aman (the continent where Valinor is located) and Middle-Earth (the larger continent where everything else is). Ea is the name of the universe, and existed before Arda was created.

There was a lot of time before the First Age, time wasn't measured in the days when only timeless beings walked the earth.

The exact details on the creation of Men isn't exactly spelled out, it's told from the perspective of the Elves discovering Men, but it's clear these aren't the first of them and they've probably lived for a few generations already. They came from the far east, beyond land that had been explored.

The geography of the world changed a lot, but not quite like Pangea or anything. The Valar reshaped the world drastically in the very early times, and cataclysmic events changed geography considerably later on.

.

Yeah, Silmarillion, I think you'll enjoy it. If you're wondering about this stuff, that's where you'll learn all about it.
The First Age began with the rising of the Sun, and Men awoke with the rising of the Sun. This also occured when Fingolfin and his people made it to Beleriand as well. Middle-earth is part of Arda.
As others have said, this is in the Silmarillion. If you like the Appendices of LotR you might like that book as well, it is about the history and background of Middle-earth. It has the origin stories of Elves, Men, Dwarves, Ents, Eagles, and the world itself.

The Edain are just the people belonging to the three Houses of Men that were friendly to the Elves during the First Age. The House of Bëor, the House of Haleth, the House of Hador.
Is this by chance inspired by Yoshikaka Amano?
The colors are beautiful on this one.
The eagle's feathers look great! 
You have amazing talent!  
His name in Undying Lands is Olórin.
Can I be hopeful the image is ironic?
Have you posted this before? I can SWEAR I've seen this exact image before. Fucking Baader Meinhof man...
This is cool. Is it a card design or something?
Com. Where's your store?
Love the image.

But...wasn't the wisest of the Maiar Melian?

Ok, I'll go back to my extreme geek solitude now. Cool work though!
In the book Gandalf and the Witch-king meet after the enemies break down the gates of Minas Tirith, and both are on horseback. 

> In rode the Lord of the Nazgûl. A great black shape against the fires
beyond he loomed up, grown to a vast menace of despair. In rode the Lord of
the Nazgûl, under the archway that no enemy ever yet had passed, and all fled
before his face.

> All save one. There waiting, silent and still in the space before the
Gate, sat Gandalf upon Shadowfax: Shadowfax who alone among the free horses of
the earth endured the terror, unmoving, steadfast as a graven image in Rath
Dínen.

> 'You cannot enter here,' said Gandalf, and the huge shadow halted. 'Go
back to the abyss prepared for you! Go back! Fall into the nothingness that
awaits you and your Master. Go!'

> The Black Rider flung back his hood, and behold! he had a kingly crown;
and yet upon no head visible was it set. The red fires shone between it and
the mantled shoulders vast and dark. From a mouth unseen there came a deadly
laughter.

> 'Old fool!' he said. 'Old fool! This is my hour. Do you not know Death
when you see it? Die now and curse in vain!' And with that he lifted high his
sword and flames ran down the blade.

> Gandalf did not move. And in that very moment, away behind in some
courtyard of the City, a cock crowed. Shrill and clear he crowed, recking
nothing of wizardry or war, welcoming only the morning that in the sky far
above the shadows of death was coming with the dawn.

> And as if in answer there came from far away another note. Horns, horns,
horns. In dark Mindolluin's sides they dimly echoed. Great horns of the North
wildly blowing. Rohan had come at last.

After that the Witch-king left. There was no confrontation in the book, and Gandalf's staff was not broken.
Since this doesn't happen in the book there probably isn't a definitive answer.
I always thought that scene was misleading.  The Witch King might be able to best Gandalf in combat but he would never wield the power to "destroy Gandalf's staff" i.e. his title and powers.
The staff is just a stick.
That's what we call a 'Hollywood moment'.
Because Peter Jackson said so. I always wondered why that scene was in there.
Here is the thing about world building: if your goal is ''to be like Tokien'' you'll probably end up disappointing yourself. 
I haven't, but have you checked out:

/r/worldbuilding/
Yes! A lot of it depends on what you are going to use it for. If you mind me asking, what are your goals with your secondary world? 
The real awesome part of the review is the comment below it:

Thank you for putting a warm smile on my face. I guess there truly is some good left in this world. And it's worth fighting for.
Was Elrond "like a father" to Aragorn? Wouldn't that make Arwen his foster sister?
Because I wondered where to find the actual product...
Link: https://amzn.com/B00152O9U4

That dudes last name looks like the sound a sword would make
Totally unreadable on mobile.
The real answer is - this doesn't happen in the book. Bilbo begins to feel his age, but he doesn't have that accelerated aging until the ring is destroyed. The same would have happened to Gollum.
Gollum almost always had the Ring, even when he tried to go around without it it gnawed at his mind. Bilbo used it frequently, but he only had it for about 60 years or so. Bilbo was clearly feeling the effects working out in him, stretched like butter over bread. Yet he did outlive Old Took. The process overtook different people at different rates.
that's movie stuff not book stuff so you might find it hard to answer
Yeah, I feel like Gollum had so much of a stronger connection with the ring. Almost as if his body wouldn't even let him pass without finding it again.  An absolute yearn, if you will. 
Some random hobbit in the end of the third age.  All the heros save Middle Earth and I'm chillin in the Shire smoking, drinking, and eating.  
.. you want to be *morgoth*? In the second and third ages?

Hope you enjoy impotently floating through nowhere for millenia.
Morgoth is gone after the First Age. They decapitated him. How you breaking the rules that fast? I'm already a Dúnadan, so sign me up as some random Dúnadan of the Third Age.
I'd want to be a random elf living in Aman with a qt elf gf in a comfy place
Bombur, no question 
Tolkien clones haven't been the norm in fantasy for years. With the unfortunate (in many senses of the word) case of *Eragon*, the last work of fantasy that I would call "major" that heavily pulled from Tolkien was *The Eye of the World,* the first book of the Wheel of Time, way back in 1990. And even that's a special case, because Robert Jordan carefully and deliberately modeled the first part of the book after LotR precisely because he knew he was doing something new. He wanted to start his readers off on familiar ground.

All the important works of the last twenty years (both critical and commercial successes) have worked hard to avoid being Tolkien clones. There's influence, sure, but it's not at all like it used to be.
It's not surprising since Tolkien pretty much invented the modern fantasy genre by borrowing things from old European mythology like trolls, elves, dwarves, magic, etc. Eragon is a fairly generic fantasy I find though I still enjoyed it whereas Harry Potter is a bit more unique. I actually think Tolkien would have enjoyed stories like Harry Potter because of the historical themes, Latin, and the sheer *Britishness* of it.
People also exaggerate Tolkien's influence in fantasy. He has had a slew of imitators but they've been mostly superficial.
$800 for wooden blu-ray cases, 2 art prints, and a notebook. Lol suck my dick Warner Bros. 
Was excited until i saw price, WTF. And apparently it is lacking lots of extra footage that peter jackson has been promising for years. 
My Extended Edition DVD box set looks better than this, has nicer interior artwork, and *doesn't* include the Hobbit movies. So it's already better on three counts, and I've owned it for 10 years...
If you told me I had a choice between watching all three Hobbit movies, and paying $800 to not watch them, I'd really have to think about it.
Any idea if the LotR films are still split between 2 discs?
That's insane. But it actually shows how hobbit f..ded up because of the money. 800 dollar? Seriously???
Is this price serious? 
I was holding out for a collection like this - I knew they were going to do it. But at this price I feel it's like a huge slap in the face. Undeniably this has been aimed towards the super-rich.

You can be a die hard fan but not have much money but unfortunately WB doesn't see it that way.

And because of this, if they wont bring down the price, could they not just make an extended collection of all 6 films but in a regular multi-dvd/blu ray box? Like most box sets out there now?

The entire James Bond collection is £50 on Amazon and that's 23 films in a very tidy looking box.

There is no excuse to have it at this price - I'm so disappointed with this. I was looking forward to it since the Hobbit Trilogy was announced. I feel shafted as fuck - made a fool of - like a lot of people here I imagine as well.

Not fair. I will never buy a set of films that exceeds the price of a pre-owned car. It's a ludicrous price.

Ugh, I'm out.
Just release the artbook separate, then I don't have to bother with all the other bullshit like an oversized shelf some elaborate blue-ray covers and the Hobbit movies
Pre-order price is now down to $599.99. So, that's better right? Maybe not?
No thanks. I only care about the Ultimate Edition that has been speculated. Bring back the lost deleted scenes. Reshoot the intro to FotR with Martin Freeman.
I did some sleuthing and found [this](http://www.indyprops.com/pp-rb.htm) in case anyone is interested. It looks like the best option at this point.
I do believe they made one at one point in time, try ebay
He forgot the password to his GPS account...

Sauron was **never** able to locate the Ring at all times.

Unless Frodo was wearing it, Sauron didn't know where it was.
Also I feel it's pretty important to realize that at the time of the events of LOTR, Sauron had no physical form. He couldn't hop on a Nazgul and go to them because he didn't even have the body to do so. This paired with the points others have already made make it impossible to do what you described.
Sammath Naur is the only place the Ring could be unmade. Sammath Naur is not the lava pits outside, it is the specific location where Sauron built the forge where he created the ring. 
Lol I was just thinking about this yesterday 
DISCLAIMER: I know the correct line. My change is intentional.

[Original gif](https://i.imgur.com/Tb14Y.gif); [context for inspiration](https://www.reddit.com/r/HighQualityGifs/comments/4xzcmd/when_you_need_the_full_video_or_moar_pictures/d6jso24)
That's some pretty good compositing. 
[Have an upvote.](https://gfycat.com/SaneWhirlwindAfricanhornbill)
I wish it was more shiney or glowing, as it seems very muted and mundane... 

Otherwise, superb editing job!
This...this is awesome
Nice work!
I have fun with the OC tag here.  
  
"Hey guys, I have this thing that is totally original"  
  
"Oh yeah, what is it?"  
  
"I re-did this thing that someone else did a while ago"  
  
In all seriousness though, I really like it. The only thing I might change is getting rid of Frodo's reaction at the end there. I'm not sure why.

Quite nifty. Maybe you could try your hand at the animated movies and glean some gems for gif-making. ;)
AUTHORITY HAS NOT BEEN GIVEN TO YOU TO DENY THE RETURN OF THE KING, STUART!
Hey there's nothing wrong with the name Stuart.
Is the word steward obscure to native English speakers? I can say that the German word used in the translation still baffles me. "Truchsess". Haven't ever heard it in a different context-
[deleted]
Have an assortment of different wing flavors, 9 for men, 3 for elves, etc... And then the most insanely powerfully spicy wings can be the one wing to rule them all.
Onion One Rings! 
Cheerios for breakfast 
The Council of Elrond website has recipes. 
Quick!
Wraiths! Wraiths on wheels! HIDE!
Can't be driving around with the N-word on your license plate. That's Wraithist!
Ringwraith Arsenal fan... Interesting.
I tried to get this plate, but it was taken... I live in Texas too... 
Nice a Arsenal sticker!
i know that sticker on the left (not the arsenal one)
I get chills when I listen to Tolkien read this part. 

https://youtu.be/HkmNHP58OhU?t=55m3s

Unfortunately, I could not find a video of *exclusively* the intended selection, but I time-stamped its place in this video. If, for some reason, the time-stamp is not working, skip to 55:03.

Fun fact, the charge of the Rohirrim is loosely inspired by the Siege of Vienna  and the charge of the Polish cavalry led by their King, Sobieski to relieve the city from the Ottoman Attack. 

The Ottomans had of course conquered Constantinople a few hundred years before (and made it Istanbul) and had been expanding into Europe relentlessly, quite similar to Mordors taking over Minad Ithil into Minas Morgul, and Osgiliath as a city built on a river sorta also based off that.

(And on a total tangent, the faces in the water were losses based off Tolkien at the Somme seeing dead bodies everywhere in the mud )
*The Ride of the Rohirrim* is far and away the most moving passage in the novel, which I'm aware that most of you have read a hundred times.  No movie can do it justice.  So I ask you to read it again...

*Suddenly the king cried to Snowmane and the horse sprang away. Behind him his banner blew in the wind, white horse upon a field of green, but he outpaced it. After him thundered the knights of his house, but he was ever before them. Éomer rode there, the white horsetail on his helm floating in his speed, and the front of the first éored roared like a breaker foaming to the shore, but Théoden could not be overtaken. Fey he seemed, for the battle-fury of his fathers ran like new fire in his veins, and he was borne up on Snowmane like a god of old, even as Oromë the Great in the battle of the Valar when the world was young. His golden shield was uncovered, and lo! it shone like an image of the Sun, and the grass flamed into green about the white feet of his steed. For morning came, morning and a wind from the sea; and the darkness was removed, and the hosts of Mordor wailed, and terror took them, and they fled, and died, and the hoofs of wrath rode over them. And then all the host of Rohan burst into song, and they sang as they slew, for the joy of battle was on them, and the sound of their singing that was fair and terrible came even to the City.*  
 "Ride now!". I've watched this part some 10 times over the years. It makes we want to get up and go kick some ass. Chokes me up too.
Holds even more weight in the book seeing as it was the Rohirrim that saved the day, rather than the dead from Dunharrow.
It gives me chills just because of the sheer *number* of people all rallying around him even though it almost surely meant their death. 
The way his voice goes up an octave on the last cry of "death" gives me chills every time.
I like what the film makers had to say about filming that event, where all the horses run across the plain. Apparently it was extremely loud and majestic.
In the movie, the atmosphere was so grim, yet glorious. The Rohirrim stuff their fear of death down by accepting it and attempting to take down as much as possible. They would've beat the Orcs if it weren't for the Oliphants. It would be nice if Rohan had some artillery troops.
In the book, it is not Théoden that cries 'Death!' but Éomer. It has quite a bit more impact too, as Éomer has more or less gone mad in the moment after seeing his uncle and his sister dead or presumed dead.
I'm a syntactician in training - on mobile, so give me a break with the formatting. 

[CP [NP *all* [CLAUSE *that* [VP *is* [NP *gold*]]]][TP *does* [NEGP *not* [VP *glitter*]]]]. 

In "all that is gold" you have a relative clause that is probably semantically ambiguous. I don't agree with you that it sounds bad - I think the meaning is clear in the context. In theory I think you're right it could be interpreted the way you do, that everything following the verb refers to *all* gold. But that would be if a computer tried to decipher it, unable to think like a human would. 
I think the original sounds better/more eloquent. Though maybe the contraction you used is clouding my judgement here. Maybe compare it to "Not all that is gold glitters"?
If English is one of your first languages I don't see what confusing about it at all...
The Sindaring version has some alternate translations.
Everyone's different, but I would argue instead that it sounds good. As others have mentioned, our human ability to use context allows us to know the meaning of what's being said. Conveying meaning is the point of language, and finding more interesting ways to do so through written and spoken words is the true mark of a gifted poet.
It doesn't mean nothing that is gold glitters. It means not everything that is gold glitters.

ex:  All children don't like strawberries actually means (not) all children do like strawberries. 
it's the fact that the ring has a curse on it.  the one who takes it must accept the responsibility of holding it, that may mean bad or good things depending on who holds it.  Remember that without Gollum, the ring may have never made it to the volcano.
/r/Fantasy did a [favorite fantasy movies poll](https://www.reddit.com/r/Fantasy/comments/2i22te/the_top_rfantasy_movies_of_all_time_results_thread/) a while back. It might be of interest.
John Boorman's 1981 fantasy film *Excalibur*. 

Interestingly,Boorman planned to do an LOTR film,but due to script reasons (excessive deviation from the source material) and the economy,that project never got off the ground.
Not fantasy per se but Red Cliff-make sure it's the international version-is super epic. Based on the Romance of the Three Kingdoms novel/era in China. Really phenomenal film. I think it was on Netflix at one point
Not a movie but a TV series, you might enjoy [The Shannara Chronicles](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1051220/), however it's a lot more "young adult" and it certainly has that TV writing style. It's a bit of eye candy to be honest, not that nutritious but entertaining to watch.
Several centuries into the Fourth Age, the Dwarves reclaimed Moria, led by (if memory serves) Durin VII. And there they remained, until they eventually faded away as a people.
I have this same art hanging near the door of my house. It's a beautiful work, done by a talented Pacific Northwest artist named Erika Rae Heins. 

She has a lot of great stuff on her Etsy site: https://www.etsy.com/shop/ErikaRaeHeins
Just LotR or The Hobbit as well. Beorn?
Well, there's the two Blue Istari that traveled far off into the East. 

Dain of the Iron Hills (Lord of Erebor) played a big role in holding the North.

Eladdan and Elrohir both play important roles while not having much time in the story. 

I'm not really sure if this is what you're asking, but those are the ones that I could think of off the top of my head.
Treebeard is important but not in the fellowship though he's not obscure 
In case you don't know about it, check out /r/tolkienfans as well. There's more in-depth discussion going on there. 
Peter Hollens has brought so many LotR songs to life, I love this guy's music.  He actually has an entire album of LotR/Hobbit inspired music for those interested.
How many voice tracks did this take /u/peterhollens ? It sounds awesome!
I quite liked his version of "There is an Inn, a Merry Old Inn." Too bad they only use part of Tolkien's lyrics. 
If you don't want to listen to a minute of this guy promoting himself at the end, this song and his whole album of Tolkien songs is on Spotify.
Depending on how skilled you are, there's an incredible medley arranged by Jarrod Radnich that is an absolute blast. It's probably the most fun I've ever had with a piano piece. Be warned though, it's only for fairly advanced players. Here is a link to the site where you can buy his sheets

http://www.musicnotes.com/sheetmusic/mtd.asp?ppn=MN0144062

And here are some youtube videos of what the piece looks and sounds like, it's absolutely gorgeous.


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MOmCNUvUtc0


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJ3Lxy13YGo
Aman is a continent.  
Valinor is the realm of the Valar, the inhabited part of Aman.  
There is also the island of Tol Eressëa off the eastern shore; taken together, the inhabited parts of Aman and Tol Eressëa are called the Undying Lands.
Valinor is the Undying Lands, so is Tol Eressëa, which is the island near Aman "*upon which Valinor was built*" (Of Eldamar and the Princes of the Eldalië) in the Bay of Eldamar. **Avallónë** is a haven/city on Tol Eressëa. Araman was the coastland outside of the Pelóri mountains and by the sea going north from Alqualondë in the east. There was Avathar, "*That narrow land*" (Of the Darkening of Valinor) which ran to the east and south in Aman, south of the Bay of Eldamar. There were the cities of **Tirion**, 

> From the west the light of the Trees fell upon it, and its shadow lay ever eastward; and to the east it looked towards the Bay of Elvenhome, and the Lonely Isle, and the Shadowy Seas. Then through the Calacirya, the Pass of Light, the radiance of the Blessed Realm streamed forth... and it touched the Lonely Isle, and its western shore grew green and fair. (Of Eldamar) 

and also **Valmar** which was west of Tirion. This is why Tirion's shadows were aways to the east. The Two Trees (Telperion & Laurelin) were spawned on a mound called Ezellohar which was outside the western gate of Valmar. Then there is the city of **Alqualondë**. It was on the eastern shores of Eldamar (Land of the Elves given to them in the east of Valinor). In the hills of northern Valinor was **Formenos** where Fëanor dwelt. Mandos was in the west, it was where Námo lives. He is usually called Mandos. Further west of Mandos "*upon the borders of the world*" (Valaquenta) dwells Nienna. South of Taniquetil and north of Hyarmentir were Oromë's woods and west of those woods were "*the fields and pastures of Yavannah*" (Of the Darkening of Valinor). Aulë's mansions were in the middle of Valinor. The Ainur had mansions dispersed throughout Valinor.

**Aman and Valinor**:

> they departed from Middle-earth and went to the Land of Aman, the westernmost of all the lands *upon the borders of the world*; for its west shores looked upon the Outer Sea, that is called by the Elves Ekkaia, encircling the Kingdom of Arda. How wide is that sea none know but the Valar; and beyond it are the Walls of the Night. But the east shores of Aman *were the uttermost end of Belegaer*, the Great Sea of the West; ... the Valar fortified their dwelling, and upon the shores of the sea they raised the Pelori, the Mountains of Aman, highest upon Earth. 

> Behind the walls of the Pelóri the Valar *established their domain in that region which is called Valinor*; and there were their houses, their gardens, and their towers. In that *guarded land* the Valar gathered great store of light and all the fairest things that were saved from the ruin; and many others yet fairer they made anew, and Valinor became more beautiful even than Middle-earth in the Spring of Arda; and it was blessed, for the Deathless dwelt there, and there naught faded or withered, neither was there any stain upon flower or leaf in that land, nor any corruption or sickness in anything that lived; for the very stones and waters were hallowed. (Of the Beginning of Days)
Great video series but sometimes the music is way too loud. And if you could get a better mic, that would go a long ways.
Why would you use the lung map as a base? Other than that good video.
Wasn't ilÚvatar?  con acento en la U. 
Good video BTW 
Nobody else finding the constant changing of voice, particularly for Feanor, really distracting and odd?
Awesome video. Are there more like this? 

Edit: Nevermind. Autoplay showed me the way :)
I wish it would have covered The New Shadow.  
CivilizationEX is one of the best on YT. The first videos of Arda dont have that good sound editing, but the later ones are amazing. The Dagor Dagorath video is a masterpiece.
Thank you for posting on of these types of things that doesn't have a thousand pages to click through and just provides the content. 
And Cate Blanchett hasn't aged a day. 
Seems old age has finally caught up with Bilbo
What happened to Frodo??!
Rose got my kind of hot...
Isildur and Rose included, but not Frodo, Aragorn, or Gandalf.  Hahaha
rosie cotton turned into a completely different person (literally, they got the picture of another person)
We've meantioned the lack on Frodo, Gandalf, and Aragorn, but no meantion of Legolas?

Cmon guys, show our woodland prince some love. 
I think Rose is another Sarah McLeod https://www.google.com/search?q=Sarah+McLeod&safe=off&tbm=isch
They didn't include Wood (Frodo) because he's actually aging in reverse
Inb4 Christopher Lee :(
Liv Tyler is a true elf. 
Why only some of the characters?
They forgot [Sir Christopher Lee](http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/03337/Christopher-Lee--p_3337836b.jpg)


John Rhys-Davies just shaved, that's the only difference.
The movies were so important to me as a child. I still cant believe its been over a decade since the last one. 
No saruman. Actually I'm not in the mood for looking at a corpse.
Amazing loooks behind scene
I started re-watching them all last night. So good to be back to Middle Earth. Going to New Zealand for Christmas… I hope it check out Hobbiton and all. #excited!
[Here is a map of Arda during the Second Age, drawn by Karen Wynn Fonstad based on Tolkien's own drawings and descriptions.](http://corecanvas.s3.amazonaws.com/theonering-0188db0e/gallery/original/second_age_of_arda.gif) Lord of the Rings takes place during the Third Age, which takes place after the  drowning of Numenor, so Numenor, Aman, and maybe the Walls of the Sun probably wouldn't be there anymore but everything else would likely be mostly the same.
Pokemon: Fly, You Fools?
I am fire. I am death. I am sitting on infinite great balls and I smell you camping my pokestop, thief!
Did Gimli go all the way to Aman? Or "just" Tol Eressea? Did he meet Aulë?
Interesting thought, bud. I always assumed he'd chill in the Halls of Waiting with all the deceased dwarves at least once in a while.
I sorta think Gimli would be even more speed at such a meeting
I doubt Aulë payed any heed to Gimli's deeds, there is also no *real* reason for Aulë to be stoked  I mean Gimli's deeds were valiant but they were not *that* great in comparison to some of the deeds of other Dwarves in the years long since past
Then Frodo comes back and everything is all fucked up. He must have been salty af
Fourth paragraph in *The Lord of the Rings*:

>“But so far trouble had not come; and as Mr. Baggins was generous with his money, most people were willing to forgive him his oddities and his good fortune. He remained on visiting terms with his relatives (except, of course, the Sackville-Bagginses), and he had many devoted admirers among the hobbits of poor and unimportant families. But he had no close friends, until some of his younger cousins began to grow up.”
Who made this? The books are lovely.
This artist also goes by Phobs. She has some really amazing stuff floating around.
"The Adventures of Young Galadriel" would make an awesome story.
Are you *certain* it's not Belle and Gaston?
Most Tolkien based art is very high fantasy and grim, which I love. However, this cutesy picture is great! I love it!
this is adorable. 
Why would a Vala need to learn anything from an elf? 
Artist goes by the name of Phobs
I simply must see more of this kind of work!
The Game of Thrones connotations disturb me... 
This is pretty damn impressive
